user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198134895681,Recommended,474960,32388399,Posted: 13 June,all,lost_monarch,"+ Amazing StoryI love story driven games and this one didn't disappoint (I actually watched all of the credits in its entirety)+ Episodes in the middlein most movies, tv shows or games, you have no idea why the antagonists of the game do the things they do. The 25 minute show in the middle of each acts succeeded brilliantly in showing the other side of that coin.+ The choices of the gameSure, the choices don't have an effect on the ending but they determine the way the story of the game goes through.+ CombatLoved the time powers and the final boss battle+ CharactersCharacters from both sides of the game were lovable and the cast was very well chosen- OptimizationHorribly optimized (very playable though), so much that the credits scene had framerate dropping to 10. Most areas had a framerate of 35-50, which is very disappointing for a high budget game. My system achieved constant 60 only for a just few areas of the game with high to ultra settings(GTX 970, i7 4770k)- Episodes in the MiddleReally hated the fact that the episodes had to be streamed from the internet, they stuttered a lot. (geddit geddit?)- LengthCan easily finish the game in less than 10 hours, if you're not going for the 100% Achievements- CombatThe cover system isn't that great and because of the short length of the game, the combat part ends just as you were about to master the powers, so that's unfulfilled potential for meAll in all, this is an awesome game if you're looking for a great story and can forgive the frame drops and the short(ish) length. Worth it even for the full price (but saving an extra 15 bucks doesn't hurt).***wow this actually made it to the top, tiny life goals right here, thanks :')***"
76561198280207965,Recommended,474960,25778291,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,shayano,Good! hope other microsoft games comes to steam someday! Window store is a disaster!
76561198027335715,Recommended,474960,31717412,Posted: 12 May,all,Codee Dee,"Gameplay: 9/10 The gameplay is pretty solid. You get cool powers combined with your typical third person shooter. It reminds me of mass effect gameplay. The only thing that gripes me is the auto cover system, but it's not a deal breaker. I did not experience a single glitch the entire time I played.Graphics: 9/10 The game looks very pretty, but the graphics did not blow me away. There were a few times where textures would take a while to load, but it does not happen very often. With this in mind, it takes a pretty high end graphics card to run this at max settings if you want to play at 60 fps. I'm using a 980ti, and I had to downscale from 1440p to 1080p to play at ultra settings with 60fps. I had ocassional framerate drops but not very often.Sound: 8/10 The soundtrack definitely sets the mood, but none of the tracks were memorabe. I did not experience any glitches with the audio the entire time I played. The voice acting is phenomenal.Story: 9/10 The story was the best part of the game, and I was intrigued the entire time. I found myself trying to find every collectable just so I could dig up a little more information about the overall story of the game. The choices you make throughout the game really dont matter that much. They have very minor changes to the episodes and dont effect the gameplay at all. I feel like it offers the players an illusion of choice and it is cool that it's there, but the game would still be just as good without them. The ending is left open which makes me think that there will be a sequal.Overall: 8.8/10Pros:-Amazing story-Great acting-Cool powersCons:- auto-cover systemBest Character: Beth"
76561198037883239,Recommended,474960,33385407,Posted: 8 July,all,ScoRrpioOo,"Short review:A game that tries to combine TV series and a video game and it actually works great.Little longer review:Quantum Breakis a third person action shooter game where we take control of Jack Joyce. As Jack due to the accident ( at very begging to the game) we have obtained powers to manipulate the time.Pros:+ very enjoyable combat+ good puzzles/climbing elemenets+ great looking+ awesome story+ many interesting characters+ TV series are surprisingly good in this one+ good soundtrack ( nothing spectacular though, but it fits well)+ many collectibles ( most of them with some backstory like audio logs or some e-mail )+ optional choices ( don't afftect the ending ufortunately )+ easy to get 100% achievements ( only last boss battle on hard LvL can give you some trouble )Cons:- decent optimization, request at least some medium spec PC to enjoy this one ( but in the end it looks great so it's worth it, can be to blurry for some people though)- all TV episodes are streamed- can be short ( especially if you ignore all TV episodes you propably got around 7-8 hours max of pure gameplay )- auto cover systemOverall rating 8,5/10"
,Not Recommended,474960,28515697,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Lukeus_Maximus,"One does not play Quantum Break. This becomes quite evident in the game's vocabulary, preferring to refer to itself as a ""show"" rather than a ""game"". The game's format is novel in both senses of the word. Five ""acts"" separated by four 20 minute live-action episodes showing what happened as a result of the previous choices you made. Those episodes, along with interminable follow-the-character-through-the-environment-whilst-they-explain-the-story-to-you sequences, interspersed with brief moments of mildly inventive third-person shooter combat means that you do not actually play this game, you watch it. You watch it, as the passive spectator you are.Let's cover... combat! The only noticable part of the game that can actually be considered gameplay involves shootouts featuring conveniently placed chest-high cover and your collection of six ""time bending"" super-powers. Four of those superpowers are limited to simply slowing or stopping time while another two of those superpowers have no discernable effect on time at all. Despite having six of these, you will only regularly use the four which require a single button push, and forget about the other two completely because those other two would actually require you to aim. You will solely reserve aiming for shooting people with your guns.The high point of this game is the graphics. Very pretty. That's where your 70 GB went. The graphical niceties include the 3D scanned likenesses of the real cast members. I'm fairly sure Lance Riddick's own model is accurate down to the pimple's on the back of his neck (which are unreasonably close to the camera at one point which is how I know this...). This reinforces the point that the point of the game is to be looked at, rather than played. In the game, you are required to go to various points to hold a button next to a glowing light in order to upgrade your superpowers. I'm fairly sure this mechanic exists just to get you to look at the marvellous scenery. One thing I'd like to know is if those live-action episodes, are streamed from your hard drive or the internet. For 70 GB, it had better be the former.On the topic of choices, the game has four main ""junctions"" where you choose between two conflicting major outcomes of the junction decision. The choice you make will alter the course of history itself and lead the game to eventually conclude with wildly different endings... which are all completely identical. That is to say that no decision I made had any impact whatsoever on what happened to the protagonist at any given point. I still ended up doing the exact same things in the same order to reach the same conclusion. The only notable difference is which characters perform any given action. One character seems to exist solely to fill the shoes of the person who would have been there, had they not died moments earlier due to a decision you made. Having played the game twice to encompass all possible choices, I can see no way in which the game is distinguishable from one that is entirely linear. This gameislinear; the decisions merely decide whether the paint on the walls is white or snow coloured.You can watch this show if you want, I'll be getting 70 GB worth of hard drive back."
76561198147650286,Recommended,474960,32128252,Posted: 2 June,all,Yarin,just finished the game and i can say i loved every little part of this game the combat the story the short show and the graphics ... i didnt encounterd a single bug which is surprising tbh.of course ill play this game again just to see the diffrent paths that i didnt chooseim giving this game a 10/10. worth every single coin
,Recommended,474960,25813693,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/8_rPuvSZlUITL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSIONQuantum Break is unique mix of a time manipulation third person shooter game, and a live action show.After a catastrophic event involving a time machine occurs, time has become fractured, giving two people the powers to manipulate time itself. You mainly play as the protagonist Jack Joyce, and you’re trying to fix time before it’s too late. You also play briefly as the antagonist Paul Serene, where you make four separate choices that directly change how the story is told.I love using time manipulation abilities in games, and Quantum Break is no exception. I enjoyed the combat very much. It’s fun and fast paced, but the combat kind of easy, and it’s very forgiving because you start regenerating extremely quickly. The character movement feels responsive, but there is auto crouching when you go near cover, so it may take some people a little getting used to.You will also need to use these powers outside of combat to progress through some of the areas. There are upgrades for your abilities that let you use them more often and more effectively.Pros:the story, and concept of how time works are interestingthe script is written very well, and watching how the decisions played out as a live show with such a phenomenal cast is really enjoyablevoice acting, music and the sound effects are done wellcinematics looked absolutely amazing, and they really captured the actors likeness and expressions incredibly wellcombat is fun, fast paced, and forgiving - you can rush in and kill a bunch of enemies, and bail out to find cover if you start taking too much damagefull controller and mouse and keyboard supportmaking different decisions allows for some replay value (After finishing the game with my original set of choices, I went back and made different ones to see how the live show played out. Some parts of each episode were the same, but there were also several things that were changed, which in turn also affected the following chapters slightly.)upgrade points are easy to find without having to go too much out of your way, but there are lots of other collectibles to be found that give you more insight into the story for those who like to take the time and explore more thoroughlyCons:performance wise, the game is not optimized the greatest (on ultra settings, 40-60 frames using a GTX 970 with periodic frame drops into the 30s; lowered the settings to high and was getting about 50-60 frames consistently)there were some times during gameplay that the characters looked grainy (usually when lots of other stuff was happening at the same time) - it was noticeable, but certainly not game breakingmouse thumb buttons bind as ""null,"" and even though they work properly, all the prompts in game say ""null"" as well(nitpick) no way to tone down or turn off the motion blur(nitpick) some of the load times were a slower than I would have liked (even using a SSD)(nitpick) when trying to climb onto some objects, you have to re-position or come from a different angle to be able to climb upConclusion:The game took me about 9-9.5 hours or so, and I really enjoyed the gameplay as well as the show that’s incorporated into the overall experience. Although, I am already using Windows 10, I’m glad that they made the game compatible with Windows 7 and available on Steam. I wound up playing the whole game in one sitting. I really liked the game, and recommend it to those who like time manipulation games combined with a well-told story rich experience. Keep in mind though, the performance optimization needs some improvement, so even with the recommended GTX 970, don’t expect a solid 60 frames per second on ultra settings.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Recommended,474960,28300014,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,nutcrackr,"Quantum Break is a good game, although the weakest shooter from Remedy. The time-travelling story is intriguing with good characters and occasional wobbly dialogue. The story choices don’t change enough to encourage a replay. Sadly, the ending is unsatisfying, leaving itself wide open for a sequel.Gameplay wise, the shooting is enjoyable; you use various time powers to dash, slow, and create frozen time bubbles. But there isn’t enough of it in the 10 hour game. Several hours are taken up by the TV show interludes that mesh well with the game. There is basically one long combat sequence every few hours and a bunch near the end. The rest of the game is threadbare with shooting, choosing instead to mix in weak platforming and bland time puzzles between a handful of enemies.Visually it has some great time effects and characters look nice in cut scenes, but otherwise it’s not worth the mediocre performance. Upscaling was required just to ensure the camera didn’t jitter when running around, and even then it wasn’t smooth enough for pleasant shooting.If you liked Remedy’s previous games then you will probably enjoy Quantum Break, but it’s not as strong as Alan Wake or Max Payne. Good pickup for around $10-20."
,Recommended,474960,28879073,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,☠✠☩ Mr.Nekator ☩✠☠,"Time is the one adversary we all lose against someday...Quantum Break follows the consequences of a time travel experiment to which Paul Serene invites his old friend Jack Joyce.. with all the drastic results such things normally have. The story is thrilling enough, especially if you like the time travel genre. Quantum Break also implements time altering abilities of the protagonist in the gameplay - both for the riddles/jump´n run part as well as the action part.Where QB also does an interesting mix is the presentation of the story/game itself. The ingame characters are made after real life actors, with which the normal game episodes are also mixed through, after every ingame episode one part of a four part movie series advances the storyline. Complementing that fact is that nearly all actors are experienced from other series and enrich the game in their roles.Add to all this points quite some humor in the many texts you can find in the game (there is enough to look out for, for achievement hunters as well as hidden object hunters) as well as a bit emotion in the right places...Also you can choose between the episodes how the game will proceed, which brings some differences in how the persons will act/ who lives and who dies. Kind of like Telltales decisions, which is a nice touch for replayability.So in the end the only downsides i could find are maybe a bit of an open ending and a really annoying boss fight.Conclusio: I enjoyed the series as well as the game and liked the presentation of the game very much. Through the ""time rifts"" the graphics more often than not seem a bit strange, but that´s ok. I really liked how they implemented the manipulation of time into the riddles and the presentation of real life actors in the gameplay graphics.In the end i didn´t expect too much from Quantum Break at the beginning, but it quickly became one of my games of the year 2016.Point Scale 9/10"
,Recommended,474960,32597700,Posted: 20 June,all,BeholderVee,"The good:+By far the best part of this game is the live action show. The 20 minute live action cutscenes between levels. They are very suspenseful and keep you on the edge of your seat. However, Quantum Break is a game. So let's focus on that.+The graphics is amazing.+I liked the story. Can't help but be in awe before all the timey-wimey complexity of time travel stories in general.The bad:-Controls are clumsy.-The shooting part, while fun at first, becomes a tedious chore, and you find yourself wishing to finally go back to reading emails and collecting shinies.-No, seriously, who thought of an enemy that has a butt-ton of health and whose only weakspot is on his back? The whole fight becomes a circus with you activating slow-mo run, getting behind his back, shooting a few rounds, then running back to cover to wait for the slow-mo run to cooldown. Many times.-You can easily survive being turned into swiss cheese. So do your enemies. Most of them - even more so. Miniguns and rocket launchers deal nice damage, though. Neither are avaliabe to the player. The enemies holding these weapons, however, only stop firing them when it's snowing in hell, and no amount of time tampering can affect their reloading speed.-Enemies appear smart at first, as they try to flank the hero. However, this impression is quickly dead with the appearance of teleporting eneimes, who always have high noon in their hearts and love a dramatic face to face showdown. Untill you start shooting them, at which point they realise the flaws of their strategy and teleport back.-That thing Charlie did at the end is completely out of character for him. It grinds my gears, I liked Charlie.And the summary:Only buy this for the plot. Unless you enjoy insanity. And you know what definition of insanity I mean."
,Recommended,474960,30244462,Posted: 28 February,all,Sunny Senpai,"Pros:Outstanding graphicsSuperb Story and conceptFun GameplayChoices matterReplayabilityPart Game - Part MovieExcellent animations and dialoguesCons:Terrible OptimisationGhosting effect and minor glitchesFeels repetitive after a whileVery short gametime approx. 10 hrsHave to stream episodesAlthough plagued by many issues, it is still one of the best looking games out there9/10"
,Recommended,474960,25875159,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Gatsu,"This is one of those moments when I'm glad for not trusting all of the negative scores Quantum Break got, when it first released. Quantum Break is an amazing game and I really enjoy this playing this. It's a visual spectacle with really beautiful graphics and great cast.You're Jack Joyce (portraid and voiced by actor Shawn Ashmore who is known from movies like X-Men being Iceman). Due to an accident time gets messed up and you'll try to fix it before it's too late. I thought the story was really good and I don't always see as good story like this in action games. It also includes Dominic Monaghan (who's been in Lord of the Rings and Lost tv-show), not to forget the fantastic Aidan Gillen (Littlefinger from Game of Thrones) and many other great actors.I recommend QB for any fan of time travel and the gameplay/combat is awesomely done, when you can control time in cool ways while fighting enemies, It just looks damn nice how the combat flows in fast or slow motion, colors/objects flying in the air and time stopping around. Although I guess the gameplay might feel a bit repetitive to some players on the long run, even if you learn new time controlling skills. There are some choices you get to make during the story. I think the soundtrack is pretty good, but not super memorable.Few reason some players might not like QB, is because between each episode (there is 5) you get to see a 20-30min live action cutscenes with the real actors. So it's like a tv-show. These cutscenes add to the game story. So it can feel like a too long time for certain players, although you can always skip them. Personally I didn't mind them and it's a nice time to take a break and just enjoy the show ;). Also, the game's download size is 69 freakin GB ;D, I was like wtf? Buuuut it was worth it.The story includes really nice time travel stuff and twists. How much I liked Quantum Break was a great surprise, because I guess I had some doubts of it when hearing negative reviews of it before (majority was 'cause of bad PC port maybe?), but I did love this. I've been a long time fan of Remedy's games and they managed to do awesome work again <3. It's not as expensive on Steam as many other new games, which is good thing too. The Steam port worked flawlessly for me with High graphic settings, I'm using GTX970 <(^_^)>.So yeah, if you like time travel, time control, possible mindblowing moments, amazing graphics, good acting, good & emotional story (at least certain parts were a little emotional to me)... buy Quantum Break <(^_^<)."
,Recommended,474960,33985172,Posted: 2 August,all,NExus,"Innovation is rare in games these days. Many developers follow the blue print for what is popular and safe and iterate on that. There is nothing inherently wrong with that, but most companies are not willing to go out on a limb and make something truly different. Thankfully, Remedy is one of those developers.Remedy has a track record of innovation starting with Max Payne 1 and 2 where they introduced Bullet Time to gamers and influenced a number of games to ape its style. With the much-beloved Alan Wake, they created a third person shooter based around using light towards your enemies as opposed to being gun-focused. Their latest game, Quantum Break, is perhaps their most ambitious yet. Mixed in with the traditional gameplay are episodes of a live-action show. When I first heard about this, I was dubious to say the least. Live action TV interspliced with a game? That sounds like it could go horribly wrong. Fortunately, Remedy pulls it of shockingly well and delivers a gripping story and experience truly unlike anything else in gaming.Quantum Break is split up into five acts with what’s called a Junction in between each act as well an episode of the show. These Junctions let you play the role of the antagonist, Paul Serene, and make a decision that will influence the rest of the game as well as the next episode of the show. This is a novel change of perspective that you rarely see in games where you get to make a pivotal decision as the bad guy. I found these decision to be intriguing enough that after my initial playthrough, I went back to look at the other outcomes.The story of Quantum Break revolves around time travel which can always be a sticky situation. I’ve seen far to many forms of media bungle time travel stories by contradicting themselves and falling apart under their own weight. Remedy, to its credit, creates a well-defined set of rules for the universe and adheres to them quite well. I found their use and explanation of time travel to be incredibly coherent and superbly well done. I was so pleased by their execution since the narrative of Quantum Break was my favorite part about the game. I found the story to be riveting and scoured every level to get my hands on every collectible that I could that fleshed out the story. I highly recommend seeking out at least some, if not all, of the collectibles as they provide tremendous world building and give you a deep look at what is going on in the universe. I enjoyed this approach as it left the heavy exposition out of the core game but left it there for the player if they wanted it.I suppose I should talk about the actual gameplay, huh? While I enjoyed the gameplay, it didn’t blow me away. While the time bending powers that you are presented with are fun and can be chained together in some very cool combinations, the enemies ended up a bit bullet-spongey for my liking. Now this is not to say that I didn’t enjoy it; I had a blast playing quantum Break, but the story is the real star of the show here.On the technical side of things, I found the graphics to be pretty impressive overall, especially the time distortion effects. The game on its own looks fine but the truly great looking moments happen when the time-rippling effects are in use. That said, I found the game to be quite demanding on my GTX 970. I had to turn a number of settings down to high or medium and found that disabling antialiasing got me an extra 10-15 FPS.Remedy should be applauded for the effort that they put forth with Quantum Break. It’s a truly innovative game in a market where so few are. They took a giant risk the live action portion of it and I hope that it pays off for them sales wise because we need more Remedy games. Whether it be a Quantum Break 2 or an Alan Wake sequel I am hoping that Quantum Break does well enough to afford them the chance at another game because they deserve it. There are not many developers that take the risks that Remedy did and we should reward them for that."
,Recommended,474960,25784913,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Lock,"For over a decade I've wondered how Max Payne was able to use bullet time, but now it finally all makes sense! He used the power of Quadruple mercury kerplingy alpha flippercunt super awesome science physics and friendship! So help Iceman and Charlie from Lost defeat Littlefinger in this highly realistic motion blur heavy graphical novel game filled with fun 30 minute long cutscenes featuring that black guy from Fringe and a lot of other people you've seen somewhere else."
,Recommended,474960,32383119,Posted: 13 June,all,Devil、神鬼莫測,"Buy film to get a game!I come from HK, I play this game under Chinese.The control is not very sensibly. Sometimes I have already pressed it, it doesn't work. The future of me is dead.The recoil of gun is very large. Even you're using SMG or pistol. Thus, I cannot leave the carbine rifle after I get it. However, I have never used the aim assist.I don't like the air wall and the determination of climb. Sometimes I thought that it must work but it didn't. It's a kinda annoying.The skill will unlock while the game become pushing. The skill is useful. I really like time shield, dodge and rush. I rare use stop and explode. However, the design of them is interesting.The translation of Chinese is very good. I can easy to understand this game without any other job like searching on the wiki.It is quite uncommon.The plot is quite good. I have never played other game like this. Therefore, I cannot compare them. But I still think this one is really good among them.-Large recoil-Annoying air wall and determination of climbing.-Well-written plot-Well hidden plot-Good skill-Good translation of Chinese-Difficult to choose the futureShooting 7/10Motion 7/10Plot 9/10Skill 8/10Music 8/10Translation 9/10Total 8/10"
76561198023555368,Recommended,474960,29176199,Posted: 10 January,all,comp9,"It's rare for a game to draw me in as well as Quantum Break did. The levels are linear and the story is expected but I always wanted to see what happened next. Most importantly, the game was genuinely fun and action packed from start to finish. To keep this review short and sweet I won't rehash the storyline or features listed in the game summary.I played on Hard difficulty but didn't have much trouble until the final boss. The skill upgrade system is simple and feels unnecessarily tacked on, you can play through the game without upgrading most of them.Quantum Break is artistically stunning. There were visual effects and ambience not found in other games, I would sometimes pause to admire the scenes they created. The voice actors were well chosen and motion capture works well for the animations.This game features four or five sections that let you pick between two choices. Each choice influences some of the dialogue and items you will see in later levels. (You can replay individual sections later and choose the opposite.) In addition to storyline collectables, there are also three or four hours of optional live action video if you like added story and background.One inconsistency I noticed was the F word was used as a dramatic ""filler"" almost every other sentence for the first three quarters of the game but rarely in the last section.Achievement hunters will be glad to know this game avoids grind-filled tasks and all the achievements work on the first try. You can 100% this game in around 25hrs if your first playthrough is on Hard.Considerations:-Pass on this game if you have a mediocre video card or PC.-The game download is 40GB, after download the total size of the game is 70GB.-There are 4 hours of HD streamed optional (and skippable) live-action video within the game. I enjoyed this addition but if you have an unreliable or metered internet connection you may want to skip it."
76561198216466877,Recommended,474960,25789855,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Todoroki,"I just finished this game and I have to admit, I loved every second I spent on Quantum Break. What a great game!Graphics are simpley amazing and the game is well optimized I played this game on GTX 960 on high settings. (Had to keep upscaling on though).The story is well written, great characters, great atmosphere, great soundtrack, great cutscenes, great voice actors. Simpley perfect but I wish it was little longer. Finished in 10 hours which is bit disappointing, other than that it's a great game.Definitely worth picking up.An adventure you don't wanna miss!"
,Recommended,474960,32660345,Posted: 22 June,all,ThatWhiteGuy884,"Remedy does it again with another fantastic narrative-driven experience, the tv show episodes are a novel way to present exposition, great gameplay with fun time powers"
76561198077731596,Recommended,474960,25849753,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,RZB-Deacon,"Many games try to capture the essence of TV shows or films in their cutscenes, but until Quantum Break none has actually attempted to fuse the two.like Max Payne, hinges on a time-manipulation mechanic. The biggest problem is that it fails to satisfyingly fuse the (optional) 20-minute TV show episodes that separate each gaming chapter with the gameplay itself.While it promises to give you control over the direction of the TV show storyline – which features X-Men star Shawn Ashmore and Game of Thrones’ Aidan Gillen – it soon becomes apparent that the choices you make while playing have only a superficial effect.The game itself looks a treat, with crazy slow motion effects and reality warping moves to use against aggressors, but it doesn’t always play well.A cover system that forces you away from protection to take potshots is always going to frustrate, while imprecise movement controls make platforming areas – even those that cleverly require time manipulation to clear a viable path – a chore.Overhall, the game is great, the story awesome.Pass - Recommended, nice work Remedy!"
,Recommended,474960,28162171,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Ryne,6/10 -Not bad. The story is really good but sadly the gameplay is not that great. It feels like a generic shooter but is decent enough to playthrough. If it wasn't for the story it would get boring really fast. It does have it's cool moments however like freezing time. Overall if you want a great story you can't go wrong with this one.
,Recommended,474960,32936120,Posted: 28 June,all,Malcolm,I WISH TO FORGET SO I CAN PLAY AGAIN
,Recommended,474960,26724369,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Nikita,"I had my eye on Quantum Break, since it was announced, but resisted getting it because of all the negative comments about the game's performance. Finally caved because of the recent sale and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥am I happy I got this game.The game is absolutely gorgeous. The screenshots really don't do it justice.I am playing this game in 3440x1440 (with upscaling) with a 980ti on High settings with (ultra textures). The game runs at 60fps in even the most demanding scenes.  The visual difference between High and ultra settings is so incremental that, without side-by-side screenshots I'd be hard pressed to tell the difference. At High settings this game looks better than 99% of PC games I have played so far. In some regards it does things I have never seen to this extent. The full scene volumetric lighting and global illumination and the real time refractions during time glitches are mind blowing. The character's facial animations are the current state of the art. Fantastic. The game suffered a PR problem, because the developers added graphical settings to it that no contemporary GPU can handle yet. This was normal 10 years ago, but these days, people expect everything to run at 60fps on average hardware. If the devs had simply called all of the High settings ""Ultra"" and removed the Ultra settings all together, no one would have complained.The upscaling technique is also much better than I had though. The performance gains are substantial and the game looks much much better than simply running it at a lower resolution. It gets rid of most aliasing artifacts and combined with the in-game AA it leads to a really smooth consitent image.The game itself is incredibly fun. The movement mechanics remind me of Max Payne mixed in with the cover mechanics from The Last of Us, i.e. your character will dynamically go into cover behind objects without the player having to press a button that will glue you to the cover.The use of real tv-show episodes as cutscenes is both fresh and a hark back to the early days of FMV in PC games of the 90s. Overall the game is very good at drawing you in and immersing you in the Story.I happy the game is on Steam now. Next to DOOM it is my favorite single player game this year. Thoroughly recommend this game to anyone with a 980 (for 1080p), 980ti for (1440p) or newer. Can't wait to see what kind of game Remedy comes up with next.EDITED: End of Act 3 the game is still awesome! Like a fun action flick. Good stuff."
76561197970917881,Not Recommended,474960,32147743,Posted: 3 June,all,exhumed,"I'm a fan of every single Remedy game, except this one - I even love Alan Wake's American Nightmare. It seems they just tried to hard to be inventive and forgot about gameplay. Although I like the game's story and the live action ""cut scenes"", the game in itself is just plain boring.The story makes the slow motion and stop time super powers believable in it's own universe, unlike the similar mechanics in Max Payne, but it still just feels like a very watered down Payne, and it simply isn't fun.They made a game, and a game should be playable. This has more cgi cut scenes than Max Payne 3.  They seem too hell-bent on just telling a story and probably should just make a TV show instead. Sam Lake needs to think back on how he told his stories through the actual game in his previous games and should just make Alan Wake 2 now that they're not on Payne anymore.And for God's sake, put some more humour back in there, don't take everything so serious."
76561198019818883,Recommended,474960,25771212,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Lights Out,"Completed Act 1, no performance issue so far. Single 980ti,  60~75fps on 2k ultra/high mix.I've been a big fan of Remedy since the Alan Wake days. Now the game is no longer Win10 only, what more can I ask for?Recommand this to any fan of the ""left hand superpower, right hand weaponry"" style games. 44CAD is a pretty good steal in my honest opinion.Cheers,L"
,Recommended,474960,25836469,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Dark Master,"A modern-day masterpiece that'll leave you in awe long after the credits roll. Fantastic graphics, superb controls and a well-executed, emotional story will keep you at the edge of your seat throughout this seamless blend of a TV show and a videogame. It's professionally designed from start to finish and every tiny detail is perfectly placed where it belongs.The only downside I can bring up is a bug near the end -- I had to defeat the final boss twice, as the ending did not trigger the first time around... and that's really it for the negatives.I urge you to get Quantum Break as it is a game unlike any other, and one that you will definitely want to experience for yourself."
76561197980046250,Recommended,474960,33086213,Posted: 1 July,all,Sid,"1. Great Narrative, engaging plot,2. Good Gameplay,3. Good graphics,4. Choices which impact story, decent replay value.Highly Recommeded."
,Recommended,474960,33868268,Posted: 28 July,all,Technobreaker,"Screw all haters. Quantum Break is one of the best games I've ever played. It combines a game with a TV show very well. It is also one of those games that your choices REALLY matter. First you play the game, then you make a choice as the villain, then you watch the show depending on your choice. Basically, choices have impact on EVERYTHING. On the other hand, combat is really, really good! Seriously, it's one of the best combat systems I've ever seen! Shame there is not an arcade mode or anything for you to enjoy this amazing combat system. Game is also too short, that's another thing I didn't like about it. So, animations, acting, cast, soundtracks, combat, gameplay everything is great in this game except its length."
,Recommended,474960,30797292,Posted: 28 March,all,Zero Summ,"Pros:Graphics. Generally speaking this game is gorgeous. The ""time fracturing"" effect is extremely well done. Character models, environments, shading and lighting are all top notch. With that being said, the game has some significant performance issues, but I'll get into that later.Great Cast. Shawn Ashmore (Iceman | X-Men), Aidan Gillen (Littlefinger | Game of Thrones), Dominic Monaghan (Merry | Lord of the Rings), Lance Reddick (Fringe) you probably know. I was pleasantly surprised by Courtney Hope who plays Beth Wilder I'd never seen her in anything prior to this and I think she did a stellar job.Sound design & soundtrack. All of the sound effects are spot on, especially all of the time fracturing and slow motion effects. Crashes, explosions, gunshots, fighting impacts are all believable. The soundtrack is kind of all over the place but it works.Storytelling. Overall I loved it. Yeah it was kind of predictable... but at the same time it had great pacing and was very focused.Time travel logic that doesn't make you immediately roll your eyes. They did a really good job of minimizing plot holes and making it at least somewhat believable.Combat. You feel like an absolute badass. Abilities are unlocked as you progress through the game, and they are all fun and add depth to the combat. The worst thing I can say about it is that some enemies can feel bullet spongy.Neutral:Live action episodes. I'm kind of torn here. They have good production value and great actors, but at the same time they do seem a little out of place. Some times I feel like they should have just done everything in engine, but I do enjoy cracking a beer and just watching the story play out.Game Length. Took me about 12 hrs to beat it, and that's with me taking my time. So it'll be over pretty quick, but personally I don't think that's a bad thing. I never got bored with it. It has great pacing, and I enjoyed it from beginning to end.Cons:Horrible optimization. I have a pretty high end computer and it still chugs and stutters.Vsync issues. This has to be the only game I've played where it was completely unplayable without Vsync on. Hell even with it on it still stutters and screen tears like crazy.Replayability. There are points in the game where you can make decisions that effect events throughout the game. After I beat the game I really had no desire to go back through and see what would have changed had my decisions went the other way. I don't think they made much of a difference either way, but at least they felt like they did at the time (which is what really matters.)Computer Specs: Intel i7 5930k, EVGA GTX 1080ti FE, LG 34UM95 (3440x1440, 60hz), 500GB Samsung 850 Pro SSD."
,Recommended,474960,34172413,Posted: 11 August,all,Megakoresh,"TL;DR: skip to conclusion at the bottom.With the strange premise of the live action/game mix, badly executed marketing campaign, exclusivity, what seemed like a sellout to Microsoft, and a horrible PC release, this game has gathered an immese amount of negative attention. Hence many didn't buy it at release. I didn't buy it either. And that's sad, because despite all, this is, in fact, a real gem. And one that most likely will never happen again.The most confusing part of the game is the live action mix - how does it fit? It's actually super simple, what's cofusing is how game's marketing describes it. In reality - the game is broken up into Acts, and between each act there's half an hour long live action episode. Gameplay and in-game cutscenes follow one side of the story, live action sequences pick up where gameplay left off, and show another side. This means the two pieces absolutely don't interfere with pacing, and actually support each other very well, given that the gameplay part is usually packed with information, while live action is generally quite easy to swallow.Gameplay is an ability shooter right up my alley: tactical and thoughtful, but without sitting in cover for an hour. This means every enemy has a good (but not too much) amount of HP, they have different guns and abilities, they can all be appreciated as interestingindividual threatswhich is rare in shooters, and usually only present in cover shooters where you have to sit behind cover for a long time. Not here. Here you use your powers move around, outmaneuvre enemies, shield yourself, crowd-control them, use the environment. You always need to do something different, change strategy, adapt. You never just sit and shoot. And that is these days rare - and amazing.One point worth mentioning especially - graphics. This game has, by far, the most lifelike characters of ANY game I have played in my life. Yes, I have played LA Noire and this is MUCH better, because in addition to exceptionally mo-capped facial expressions, this game also sports insanely good lighting, phenomental(for realtime) subsurface scattering, and fantastic character models, with not a single polygon ever being visible. The graphics is so good, that when I didn't yet know when live sequences start/end I couldn't at first tell when in-engine footage ends and live begins. It's that damn good. Yes, I played on all settings maxed out and in 2660x1080, which is fully supported, along with UI, menus, and everything.Story in this game is bipolar in it's quality - on one hand it is a cliché-ridden bombastic action where every word, every expression, every camera angle and gesture can be seen coming from a mile away. On the other it is an intricate multi-perspective premise that does an excellent job andnotcreating any villians (despite what it may seem at first), which makes it very unique from most games and movies - all of which usually have clearly labeled evil and good guys. I liked the story for it's premise and multiple perspectives. The acting also deserves praise - for something that for half the time did not even have a live action set to immerse yourself in, and for having acted in mocap suits and markers the actorts have done an incredible job.Obviously noithing is perfect and neither is Quantum Break. One thing I didn't like - I feel like the ""choices"" were somewhat unnecessary - they don't really change anything, rather they provide a kind of ""tint"" to the plot, mostly to the live action. Undoubtedly these alterations cost a lot, and I don't think the cost was worth it. Also - the game ends in multiple cliffhangers and is heavily sequel baiting. I am OK with sequel baiting ONLY if the follow up is announced the day of the game's release, and is pretty much a done deal. If there is even a slightest chance of sequel never happening, sequel baiting is a really bad idea. And somehow I feel the chance of sequel to Quantum break never happening are fairly high. Why? It cost a lot.And that is my final point - cost. This game, for sure, is one of the most expensive videogames ever developed. Don't know what the budget was, but I live in Finland, I know the prices here, and I know how much it must have cost not only to make the game but also film the live action series. And while it might have sold well on XONE (not on PC), and while Micrsoft might have subsidised part of the development, I wouldn't be surprised if the game didn't sell well enough for a sequel.Replay value? Depends on your tolerance to sequel baits. I can not replay something that ends in a cliffhanger. Just can't. But if a sequel comes out and is good? Yeah, I think this game has replay value, simply it's core gameplay loop - it's fun. And the acting is really really good.ConclusionSo should you get it? Yes. I think it's a good game. Well-paced, multi-perspective no-clear-villain storyline, excellent graphics, fantastic voice acting and most importantly - fresh, tactical, yet fast-paced gameplay that keeps you on your toes. I think the game is worth it, even when it's not on sale. Careful - ends with a heavy cliffhanger/sequel-bait. Needs a good system to run - think 1060+ for a smooth 60+fps, but the requirements are justified: graphics is absolutely stunning."
,Recommended,474960,29662820,Posted: 2 February,all,Scrub,"We need more games like this in our lives. 11/10 Would listen to the ""The egg is f*cked"" story again."
,Recommended,474960,25773612,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,BNICE2ANIMAL,"I thought I was going to have to skip Quantum Break, but thankfully Windows Store is crap and they eventually added it to Steam. Love Remedy, and so far, this game has lived up to my expectations."
76561198116502578,Recommended,474960,25828125,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,moenad,"Pros:- Great Story- Awesome Graphics- Awesome characters- The facials of the characters are very real- The audio and soundtracks are kickass.Cons:- a bit of bugs and glitches in some places, especially when you try to jump in some spots.- Not a major con but the gameplay is a bit easyThe game is more of a movie. So if you don't like these sort of games don't bother buying. You need to go through all the videos and co to feel immersed more in the game.Highly recommended. EZ 8.5/10."
,Recommended,474960,30274891,Posted: 2 March,all,jimmyhazard,Quantum Break exists in the same universe as Alan Wake. That's all you need to know. ;)
,Recommended,474960,28204862,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Naru'nun Tek Attığı Ferit,"When i see Quantum Break first, i got so hyped on it. When i suddenly see QB in Steam, i just couldn't wait, didn't check the reviews and bought it. Am i regret ? Hell no.If you want a quick-action game with a good story, it means that you are looking for the Quantum Break. The action in this game is so satiated, scenario is interesting and riveting. As you know, story is about time-traveling and its effects. In this branch, QB is one of the best productions ever made. Actors and actressess are really successful. Especially, our main character's (Jack Joyce) reactions in the game or in cinematics are very realistic and sincere. I liked all characters in the game, but sometimes Jack Joyce can be very insensitive. But i'm sure you are going to like him and get used to him easily. Cinematics and graphics are so good, sometimes you feel like you are watching a Hollywood Action film. Speaking of film, as you probably know the game is processing with a mini TV series. Game has 5 acts, and at every acts's ending (except act 5), you are watchig a epiosde. You don't have to, of course but trust me, you should. It has a important place in the story. But are the episodes good ? I'm afraid they are not. Episodes are about 30 minutes but except the last episode, you feel like they are 60 minutes. As i said, Quantum Break has a exciting action and a riveting storyline. But the tv series are sabotaging your game enjoyment. The idea is pretty cool, but in the production... I'm afraid it is not good enough. In the tv series, we see lots of characters that we have never seen in the game. But of course it has some good points. For example at the end of every act, we are deciding about something important about the story. And the episodes are taking form from the choices we made. Even, a little thing that we do in the game, can effect the tv series. In that way, TV-Series sometimes can be good.Let's talk about the best thing about Quantum Break. Action.Our character, Jack Joyce can control the time. Because of that, he has lost of superpowers about time. We can create a time explosion, a time shield, a time loop. Or he can slow the time so that makes him move like The Flash. And those superpowers are making the conflicts very enjoyful. The enemies are not easy to kill, and so do we. I finished the game in normal difficulty but i died 2 or 3 times. The AI can be idiot sometimes, but it is good enough in the throughout of the game. There are 3 main problems in the action.1-) There is not blindshot. In my opinion, in this covering system, and the action speed, blindshot is necessary. As i remember, in the first gameplay of the QB there was blindshot. I wonder why did they took it out.2-) I'm afraid variety of the guns are not enough. We can carry 3 type of gun. Shotgun/LMG, Assault/SMG, and pistol. And  the variety in these types, is not further than 2 or 3.3-) Some of the animations are have problems. Like jumping, running or covering animations can be problem sometimes. I saw that our character couldn't reach a wall. The wall was shorter than him.In a nutshell, Quantum Break is one of the best action games in recent. It is providing a good story. So, why are you waiting ?(+)- Satiated action.- Riveting story.- Very good graphics.- Nice soundtrack.- Superpowers during the action.- Celebrities like Aidan Gillen, Shawn Ashmore and Dominic Monaghan.(-)-  It is about 8-11 hours. A very short game.- Some problems in gameplay.- And the inability of TV Series in the game.Overall point: %82"
,Recommended,474960,28445231,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Pikapool,"I dont know about this game, nothing ground breaking. I wish I had the neutral option. But after the assessment I made from my playthrough, I decided to recommend this game only when its on sale, cause I finished it in 10-11 hours.Pros:- Graphic is ok, a little bit blurry, but it can be good at some point.- Good optimization, 60 fps solid, had some drops but didnt affect gameplay- Time power is interesting, not something new, but fun to play with, especially the time stop.- Story is okay, I guess. To be honest, I dont know what is the end of time or what was it like and why did it change some of the characters.- Easy achievements- Explosions are beautiful in this game- Some references for Alan Wake games.Cons:- CTD everytime the game finished streaming the episodes- There are only 8 weapons in this game divided into 4 categories. The weapons are 2 type of shotguns, 2 type of smgs, 2 types of rifle, and 2 types of handguns.- Could be boring if you play it too long.If Remedy is planning a sequel for this game, I hope they add some variation to the missions, and add some puzzles involving the time powers more. And add more gunssss"
,Recommended,474960,26623631,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,cardinalgray,"One of the best stories about time travel ever created. Stunning visuals and audio. Mediocre action gameplay and boring level design. Writing and acting in the game itself feels way better than in the built-in TV-show. Anyway, if you are on the narrative side, the game is absolutely a must have. If you are not, don't expect any revelations."
,Recommended,474960,33135879,Posted: 2 July,all,periurban,"I can only just recommend this - with severe reservations.What could have been a ground breaking and innovative game was rendered somewhat cheesy by some really cack-handed TV wannabe inserts. It’s obvious that an important part of the budget for this game went on the ill-advised TV slots.I came to the game not really knowing very much about it, so I was quite bemused by being forced to endure the live action segments. If Quantum Break was a TV series I would have turned off after episode 1. However, in the spirit of “giving it a chance” I suffered through the extended narrative porridge just so I could keep in touch with the “story”.The time-as-a-circular-loop idea has been done before sooooo many times, and if you couldn’t spot the obvious McGuffin moment then maybe the story would be a surprise. It wasn’t to me.The game is both infuriating and brilliant in a roughly 70/30 ratio. Which is which might depend on your tolerance for confusing time effects that seem to have no consistency. For example, there’s a power that allows Jack to slow time and run about faster than his frozen opponents, but when using it to get past obstacles it only slows them down slightly, leading to repetitive timing trials that become little more than rehearsed quick time events.The actors do a decent job, but they are all playing to formulae set down in the comic book gallery of hero/villain stereotypes. How many times can the geeky helper clack away at a keyboard to access a new area before it becomes nothing more than an obvious technique? There’s the tortured megalomaniac billionaire, the tortured chisel jawed hero (who is not the main protagonist), the tortured low-key romantic interest, the tortured lady scientist, and so on.Sure, the decisions you take make a difference to the story, but the main forks in the story (of which there are very few) are not determined by your actions in the game or by the gameplay, but by set pieces where you click a button to decide. In the version of the narrative I played through none of those decisions were taken by the hero, but were instead taken by the bad guy. That meant trying to act against the interests of the bad guy when playing as the bad guy.Often the choices seemed not to be fully reflected in the game world. I won’t spoil it, but I can think of a few glaring examples.So, my recommendation is caveated by warnings. It’s neither a successful triple A title, nor a competent TV show, but somewhere short of both. It’s a reasonable game with some interesting mechanics that make it worth playing, and if you have a nice graphics card it looks good too.But probably only worth a look when you can pick it up cheap."
,Recommended,474960,34482666,Posted: 25 August,all,Mr. Bean Survived Apocalypse,what a experience...ohh brilliant graphics n controls. totally cinematic experience with northlight technology.must play all JUNTURE DECISIONS it will totally butterfly effect in the other direction.wait for good discount for it lads n grab it.
76561197983262564,Recommended,474960,29302145,Posted: 16 January,all,Debosy,"Incredible good game about time traveling without stupid time paradoxes.Great and emotional story with a lot of nice gameplay, and realy cool real TV show as a part of the game.For me even better than Alan Wake. Great job Remedy."
,Recommended,474960,25951044,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Agent_4Seven,"Quantum Break is without a doubt one of the best story-driven and one of the best looking games I've ever played. The game has a really good written story about the time travel (just like Back to the Future and I'm not joking), characters that I really liked and cared so much about and it's an absolutely brilliant blend of a video game with a live-action TV show. Gameplay and gunplay is also really good and gets better the more you play, not to mention really cool looking time manipulation mechanics and puzzles.Seriously, this game deserves a lot more attention than it currently gets. Remedy made such a great game and we need to show them our support so that they could make more games like this (even if it takes 6 years). Sure, the game has a few flaws, but they are so minor that it's not even worth to talk about them. Overall, Quantum Break is an amazing game and everyone who likes really good written story-driven games (and don't care as much about gameplay) should buy and play it without question."
76561198030561684,Recommended,474960,25848204,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Hosenpfeffer Jones,"If you're going into this game expecting amazing next gen gameplay then I would put your expectations elsewhere. I'll even go as far as to say that this game has more repetitious gameplay than Alan Wake. All you do is shoot corporate goons with poor cover based combat and not so fully realized time mechanics. In short, I've seen way better.With that said I love this game as well as Alan Wake just because of the incredible atmosphere and story they both present. I found myself playing to the next chapter just to see where the story would take me next. I also really liked the live action episodes littered in between each gameplay chapter. The fact that the game can also change depending on what choices you make also make this game replayable.The port is also pretty good. I heard the Windows Store version was trash so I wasnt about to drop money on a version I can't record or hear many reviews of.I told myself I would buy this game if the port was good and if it came to steam. I wanted to support Microsoft with this kind of business practice. Lets hope we can also get Halo 5, Gears, and ReCore on here if enough people buy this game!"
,Recommended,474960,33781227,Posted: 25 July,all,Saotoshi,"Oh Quantum Break! What a ride I had with you!What it is aboutQuantum Break is a 3rd-person shooter including some time-related superpowers for the player. Yet, it is very story-heavy with impacting choices and does offer a lot to read in form of collectibles. QB is unique in the way of storytelling, as it uses live action movies between chapters. There are4movies during one playthrough.The Pros:QB offers a great experience. It has a very special way of telling you a story. First and most obvious, of course the live action ""series"". These are well done and make you want to continue playing to see what happens next. Also your choices during the game affect what happens in both the game and the series. These choices can be made after each chapter, and you have the opportunity to see glimpses of the possible future for each choice before you have to decide (which is related to the whole time-based theme, so nothing lore-breaking here).But it also lets you experience the story through the many collectibles available throughout the chapters. Some of them are just your average ""additional intel"" about side characters etc, but some really push the story and are imho even needed to completely understand what's actually going on. Talking about understanding, I personally believe this is finally a time travel game that does not give you a complete brainf*ck about the different timelines (Yes, I am looking at you, Bioshock Infinite!).The characters are very intriguing and memorable, especially in connection with the live action series. Also, the story itself feels complete, just the right pace, with great plottwists and an interesting concept. I felt entertained during the whole game, and the story really gripped me!Also, I really enjoyed all these references to Alan Wake and Max Payne, they were like little winks from the Devs:)The Cons:Unfortunately, QB doesalotwrong...Let's start with the first, and probably worst issue: the performance. At native resolution, this game runs like a crippled turtle upwards a hill. Seriously, I own a 1080 Ti and a 7700K and onnative2160p i get about 20fps. For comparison, same conditions applied to Witcher 3 (I know, I also hate all these comparisons to this game, but it looks gorgeous, so it's a good example I think) are giving me smooth 50 - 60 fps (Everything maxed out on both games). However, you are able to enable downscaling, which actually gives you good (or at least acceptable) fps, but it makes the game look blurry and the visuals suffer a lot imho. This is why I did not mention the graphics as a Pro, although they could look great.Forthermore, which is not really an actual Con, but I was disappointed nonetheless, the combat is just mediocre. The superpowers are fun at the first few moments, but you get used to them rather quickly, and beside those powers, the combat system is just the same that we know from so many other 3rd-person shooters. No big variation in guns, 3 to 4 different enemy types. Nothing really outstanding.This is why I felt like the combat was not that challenging, I played on nomal difficulty, went through rather easily, but didn't bother to turn up the difficulty, as I was much more interested in the story. But the bossfight will make you scream, it is just so incredibly much harder compared to the rest of the game. For me, it built up a lot of frustration, which is sad, because the especially the ending was very exciting and atmospheric.Additionally, the choices you make do impact the next Episode and the next chapter, but usually not much more. There are also only 2 choices each time, and they all do not affect the ending. This lowers the replay value by a lot for me, and felt like the game pretends to be more than it actually is.The last point that really bugged me was that some of the collectibles ""spoiler"" the story for you. You get to know details through them and think ""Wow, I didn't know that yet, that explains a lot!"" and 45 minutes later the protagonist find out this information in a cutscene again and is totally surprised, and it feels like this should have been a plottwist point in the story. But you knew this information already from one of the collectibles and feel like you missed the narrative climax. In this aspect the game really kicks itself in the nuts.Conclusion:I am a story-focused player that enjoys good narration and wants to be grabbed by a game. QB managed to do this, and I loved the approach of episodic live-action series. It messed up with the spoilerish collectibles, but it didn't totally ruin my experience. If you are looking for a good and innovative shooter, or cannot overlook huge technological issues, then I definitely do not recommend this game to you, as you will be hugely disappointed! Everyone else: Pick it up in a sale some day, a playthrough is not really that long.I'd give Quantum Break a 7.5 out of 10.My first playthrough took me about11hours."
76561198112061489,Recommended,474960,32121543,Posted: 1 June,all,warhawk373,"First let me explain the performance.  It has a LOT of physics in it, so it's going to be heavy on the CPU.  I have an i5 4690k overclocked to 4GHz and a gtx 970 and I was able to run it  between high and ultra at 40-60 fps, depending on what was going on in the game.  I don't know how well it runs on a lower end computer.  There aren't any settings to tone down the physics like in mirrors edge.  The main things that can be changed are lights, textures, and resolutions.  This means that you can probably run it with a lower graphics card but will still need a decent CPU.Now for the gameplay.  I played it through with a mouse and keyboard because it felt good so I didn't bother using my controller.  But people play it on xbox so I assume it's not bad with a controller, I'm just saying it's not bad with mouse and keyboard either.  The fighting (which I assume if you watched the trailer you know you'll be doing) is really neat.  It's not a HUGE learning curve, but don't expect to never die.  Again, if you watched the trailer, I assume you know the game is about time.  Similar to many other shows and games that center around time, not everything is super scientific xD so if your a physics or just a geek, don't be disapointed when they miss something, or something doesn't look right (trying not to spoil anything while still giving you information xD)Last for the story, starts out awesome, middle is meh, and ending is also awesome.  So overall, awesome, that's all I really have to say about that"
76561197961954403,Recommended,474960,25840164,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,t4u6,It's one of the best games I have had in recent years.I'm surprised to the quality and the efforts they put into the storyline.Doesn't come often these days especially for an action game.
,Recommended,474960,25834140,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Korben,"It's a great game, with a great story. It feels like watching an entire season of a really good TV series. Combat can be a bit tedious sometimes, but the rest is great. Definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,474960,29687755,Posted: 4 February,all,fasolfasol,Pros;Excellent story tellingDetails are more than enough in most scenesKind of Super Powers works greatGood prize tagCons;Optimization is too weak! (Upscale works great but in the end this game couldn't work 768P Ultra > 60fps with 980TI :/Puzzles are extremely boring
,Recommended,474960,25796617,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Broodmes,"Last year (augustus 2015) I was at Gamescom in Cologne. We where at the quantumbreak booth and there it was! We where all amazed. But unforuntately in the last 5 seconds of the demo, we where presented with a big ""XBOX One Exclusive"" screen. It was, in fact, a pitty!About six months later or so, I heard that there was a PC release coming. And when it was finally there, it was not on Steam. But at last! Here it is. A great game, combining Great graphics. A good story and ofcourse some 20mins tv eps in between.To fellow steam comunity members: Just buy it! The price is more then reasonable. I would say it is an AAA game for half the regular price.To Microsoft; please relase all the games on Steam. If it isn't there. I won't buy it, how good it can be!"
76561197985819180,Recommended,474960,25955213,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,John Locke,"Fantastic game. The story is mindboggling. Everything you'd like to have if you're a fan of the time travel theme. Ever read Kurt Vonnegut's ""Timequake""? This game has the ""Remedy"" signature from their past achievements. Detailled environments, a dirty, ""real"" look to the world, fantastic animations, combat feels great, etc. but the best thing is the narration. They pulled off something that could have easily been supercheesy: Mixing real footage with game engine created narratives. But it works. Splendidly. The actors and voices are top notch. I agree with RPS that it was a weird decision to put so much content of the story in e-mails or posters lying around in the game world but if you're willing to read those, you're in for something that tickles a lot of your brain cells. I enjoyed every minute. Who cares if it is 30 fps or 45 or 100? It's the STORY that counts. Always has in this kind of adventure/action games. And this one delivers."
,Recommended,474960,25831114,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Zito,"Excellent game, decent port.Excellent story, controls and charismatic characters you'd expect from a Remedy game.Now gimme some Alan Wake, Remedy.Gimme now."
,Recommended,474960,33758449,Posted: 23 July,all,Jmac,"It's not perfect, starts slow and there is some little things they could have done better and other things they could have done without.In saying that I do recommend it, a great compelling story."
,Recommended,474960,29712689,Posted: 5 February,all,dev.null,One of the best Games of 2016.Go for it.
,Recommended,474960,25843402,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,SeeJay,"Fantastic Remedy game. It's an awesome time-travel, action-movie-game hybrid.Sound fun? Get it now!Tips:Play on Hard mode, otherwise it's far too easy.Unlike most games, don't skip ANY of the videos.Remember to not let any expectations guide your experience. Just let the game do its thing and enjoy the ride."
,Recommended,474960,30281228,Posted: 2 March,all,HellHunter,"***** PLEASE ADD A NEW GAME PLUS MODE !!! *****Well, well...It definetly has it's flaws,but overall I really liked it.And as a whole experience,it was worth the 30 bucks.I always compare it to watching a movie,ehere in germany you get average mediafor like 18€ in 3d.. So this game gives youalot more for that money.That's why I can truly reccomend it.Pro's:+ good action sequences+ great Stoytelling+ really cool visualisation of the timer powers+ amazing graphics+ believable charactersCon's:- still poorly optimized!- VERY short duration- gameplay seems missing some elements(like a button to get into cover)- some elements of the story are not completely explained- definetly room for more creative sequences- you need a aconnection to the internet to stream thatEpisode, if you don't have a connection it stops?! WTF- almost NO replay value, no new game+ mode or any DLC's"
,Recommended,474960,29457120,Posted: 23 January,all,Bryton,"In loving memory of all the brave Monarch soldiers, They gave their lives in an effort to save the world.B- as a Movie+I did really like the cinematography though.-The writing and some acting felt awkward.A+ as a Game+Interesting and fun Gameplay mechanics.+Great Storytelling (I'd expect no less from Remedy)+Really cool time manipulation style/atmosphere and effects.-Poorly optimized for PC"
,Recommended,474960,28664040,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,METALHEAD,More like a movie than a video game. But very enjoyable. Reminds me of Max Payne series.
,Recommended,474960,30101939,Posted: 22 February,all,Muaath,"An incredible game, I recommend everyone to play it."
,Recommended,474960,33920885,Posted: 30 July,all,Diokaza,"This is truely a Satisfying Third Person shooter games.GOOD THING:-Beautiful Graphic-Good voice acting-Good story Writting-Unique Gameplay Experince-Good character design-Good Level DesignBAD THING:-Performence issues-Some Glitch/bugs In random Chapter-Enemy Kinda look boring-Some Noticeble Suttering in cutscene-The game itself takes  more than +60gb in your hddThis Game had a LONG CUTSCENE and if you kind of guy that love Games that focus on the story , this is for youFinal Score: 8.3/10 , This game is even  worth  getting it on the full price.Replayability: High replay Value"
,Recommended,474960,25848033,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Mega,"Fantastic game. Engaging story, fun, varied and non-repetitive gameplay, gorgeous scenarios and visuals and a great cast help this game shine to its maximum. Only issue is not the best optimization and performance currently, but besides that it's a masterpiece, one of my favorites of 2016."
,Recommended,474960,25946721,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,LadyLeah,"""I'll come back for you.""One of the more entertaining games I've played so far. Annnnd, it has Shawn Ashmore. And a great story with a great voice and live action cast. Felt like I was watching a 10-hour movie. Finished this off in 2 sittings, mainly because I was unexpectedly called into work when I first played it.+ Brilliant story-telling. Absolutely loved the story. Very well-paced too.+ Very likeable characters. (Fine, I'll admit that I was initially only interested in this game because of Shawn Ashmore).+ Awesome powers to use in fights.+ Very forgiving fighting (shootout) system.+ Loved the live action episodes (kept me at the edge of my seat).+ Acting was superb!+ Did not experience any crashes, and did not notice any bugs either.+ The lowered price point.- Graphics was grainy on my system (GTX860M), but I sorta expected that.- Unable to download the live action episodes instead of streaming, coz I have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Internet (though it pulled through).- Did not even need to upgrade the powers and that made the feature a bit redundant.- No melee system (unlesss you count the takedown).- Final boss fight was easy and short.Bought it at full price, and have no regrets whatsoever. Definitely a steal when it goes on sale.Get this if you like a game with a great story to tell and don't mind the performance issues as noted by many.My Rating: 8/10"
76561197982403017,Recommended,474960,31831469,Posted: 18 May,all,Satsujin Jiken,"This masterpiece is worth checking for it's unique game structure, elegant handling of the time travel theme and mind-blowingly beautiful real time graphics and visual effects.Gameplay is pretty dull honestly, it's ordinary TPS gunfight with tricks, exploration and platforming puzzles are pain in the♥♥♥♥♥with hit and miss environment clipping and the levels are completely linear tubes.As I said, get it."
,Recommended,474960,26546129,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,theend,"Really cool combo of story with gameplay, also the gameplay is so much fun and is really smooth and enjoyable, an all around great game!"
76561198038342852,Recommended,474960,25831034,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,ethan614,"I love sifi TV shows, so Quantum Break is just the right game for me. The story is compelling and the gameplaying is also fun and interesting. This steam version only cost me NT 868, which is about USD 28. It's really a bargain!"
,Recommended,474960,33169445,Posted: 2 July,all,Solid_Esh,Good Movie!
76561198109196141,Recommended,474960,26723183,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Maxwell,One of the few games that have time travel as a game mechanic and a good story using the time travel theme
76561198022897265,Recommended,474960,26162994,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Mesjaf,"Awesome game.If you enjoyed Half Life, Alan Wake or Max Payne this is a game for you.And if you still can't decide check out my gameplay video.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QaDrIYcOEKA"
,Recommended,474960,25850124,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,dublin.born,"At the time of this review, I've only played the first chapter but I had to express my experience thus far. I'm blown away!This is a top notch AAA production for sure. The cast alone should tell you all you need to know about the quality of the story. (Obviously, It's still early for me but I'm enthralled so far) There's a fluidity to the animations and a style to the graphics that reminded me of another great title, ""Remember Me”. Not to say that they are actully that similar but there's definitely a quality that has me reminiscing.So far this game makes me feel like I'm playing my way through some big box office movie, with a fair amount of story being delivered during game play either through narration or some kind of interaction. I kinda hate long cut scenes but I love a good story so I'm a fan of this methodology and I hope it keeps up.The mechanics and game play elements seem solid so far and I look forward to seeing what else it has to offer in later missions. The opening mission was intense, once it kicked in, and kept me glued. I only wish It wasn't nearly 3am on Monday or I'd still be at it.UpdateStill enjoying it after a few more chapters, but the cutscenes have gotten a little out of control for my taste. I do love the story I just could do without the rather lengthylive action scenes inbetween chapters. The fact that they can last up to a half hour is a little tedious when I want to jump back in to the game. I can't skip them either, even though you can if you want to, but I am enjoying the story and don't want to miss anything.Also the combat and traversal systems can feel a tad slow and clunky at times. Almost as if the animations are slow to repond to input. It's a little strange and takes some getting use too but not a major issue, unless you're always expecting games to feel as responsive as an fps...then your probably going to lose your mind."
76561197987949755,Not Recommended,474960,33108795,Posted: 1 July,all,Sarfraz,Very very poorly optimized. 30fps on a 1070Strix is unacceptable.
76561198040441754,Recommended,474960,26649216,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Braunegger,This game is simply stunning!
,Not Recommended,474960,32721292,Posted: 24 June,all,touuqe,"I'm sure the story is good but the gameplay is terrible and it runs like you're playing on console.Specs: i7-4790k / 980tiRedfunded it, probably better off watching a letsplay of it."
76561198026153231,Recommended,474960,25773895,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Commander Artanis,"Edit :After something about 10 hours I finished the game now, and I really liked it.However I have to say that enjoyment with this game will strongly depend on the expectations of the player. The story is good, well told and thanks to the mini tv show well implemented but it`s not as original as Alan Wake was and it is partly heavy on the cliches. Furthermore has to be said that the atmosphere of this game is great. The enviroments are well designed and the graphics are on a high/ultra setting really good, added with the motion capturing and the impressive character models it shows some eye candy. Especially in the later levels.But to keep this short, I`ll just repeat what I said above : Your expectations. They will be pretty much decisive in whether you`ll like the game or not. Recommended in the first place to all Remedy fans, you`re gonna have fun with this one. And secondly to all dudes who enjoy timetravel stories. This one might be heavy on some cliches and a little predictable for people who saw a lot of timetravel movies but it`s still worth playing.Pretty good so far. I loved Alan Wake and when I heard this title was coming to Steam, well you know. The mixture between gameplay and tv show is an interesting approach to the storytelling of the game, but what do you expect? It`s Remedy. Although the movement and aiming does feel a little clunky and not as satisfying as it does in other 3rd person shooters the time powers make up for it and so the shooting passages are still fun and don`t annoy you. They`re good implemented and really funny sometimes. It is a AAA title at the price of 35$ and so far I`m having a great time with this title, so I will recommend it here. Besides the graphics are nice and it runs smooth on a mixture between high and ultra settings on my machine (gtx 980ti and i7 4x@4,00 GHz, 16gb ram (Only thing I had to do to improve fps during cutscenes was to disable the steam ingame overlay(!), somehow that caused a drop from a constant 60 fps ingame to 29, but since I turned it off the cutscenes run like the rest of the game at 60fps.)),Note : Review will be updated as soon as I finish the game."
76561198145629737,Recommended,474960,25770038,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,channel42,"It's not so bad like the others said, runs good so far in Win10 DX11. performance is acceptable, turn off upscale and run with Nvidia FAST SYNC can perform  40~60FPS in 1080p. The game plays like a TV show and there is no loading part between gaming and movies. In general, this is a fantastic game which is offering gaming movie experience. However, to enjoy smoothly gaming experience, a fancy PC is needed.8/10The following is my PC's hardware environment.CPU: Intel E3-1231 v3GPU: Nvidia GTX980Ti16GB of RAMQuantum Break steam version has 36.1GB to download"
76561197998910192,Recommended,474960,29343371,Posted: 18 January,all,INSTRUCTOR ZERO,"When I saw a trailer and read about the story I was so excited of this game, since I have a big passion for quantum theories, time physics, time traveling etc. etc..Turned out......this game is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!Game is pretty much mix of Max Payne and Singularity. Althought gameplay is very simple and basic - exactly like Max Payne 1 + couple of very good superpowers and also collectibles. Its very welcomed because wasting time on pointless side quests and ""exploration"" that offer games today just really annoy me. So, playing focused on the main INTENSE story takes around 10-12 hours.Story and interpreting is just really UNIQE and AMAZING......After each act is 20 minutes long cinematic episode (total of 4 episodes) which bring the plot to a new level. There are 4 choices that affect story and each episode. Also feelings run deep later in game, one does simply love Beth with short hair <3. All this packed in lovely graphic and high PC requirements.Only one CON - very poor optimization"
,Recommended,474960,25953282,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,CPT-PRIME,Immersive game with an engaging story and well written characters. Interesting mix of tps and live action movie. 9/10
76561198154587944,Recommended,474960,25942076,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Flekk,"Good game.+Great support for 21:9 aspect ratio, but cutscenes and live action show is in 16:9.I had a good time even with only a GTX 980m.Visuals blew my mind.-Short game.Not too awesome if you have a bad internet connection since the live action part are streamed.Buy this game on steam to show the developers where the money is :)8 out of 10Would destroy the fabric of time again."
76561198297137120,Recommended,474960,25931803,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,V_nesh,"Its ♥♥♥♥ing awesome! It makes me feel like a ♥♥♥♥ing Hero with all the crazy Time manipulating powers  like Time stop,Time rush,Time blast,Time shield,Time dodge,Time vision,Time echoes etcI wish I had those Time manipulating powers in my Real Life! sounds crazy, uhh ?!"
,Recommended,474960,25913401,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Captain Jack,One of best story rich game I ever played
76561198035239764,Recommended,474960,33437494,Posted: 10 July,all,Oodles of Noodles,"The end of time, you say? Time is ending, you say? The end of time? Yes, you've already said that, game, but thanks for repeating it. No, you don't have to keep saying it, I heard you the first 10 times. No really, you can stop. I get it - time is ending, please stop saying. Okay, now you've said it at least 30 times, feel free to stop. Any TIME now.. *rimshot*So, aside from the aforementioned repetitiveness, Quantum Break was a decent game, although I'm glad that I didn't buy it when it was all hyped up and priced at 60 bucks. Many, if not all, of the reasons are as follows;1.Merry and Pippin (Or Jack and Will, if you would so have it) have to save the day because somewhere along our linear human timeline in this universe, someone tampered with stuff via a time machine and screwed up the daily chronological happenings in the past and the future and somehow brought about the looming threat of an unfathomable apocalypse by bringing time, and all life with it, to a screeching halt.While this is a simple enough premise, the delivery of this story, and all of its contents, feels like someone is giving you a crash course in a foreign language through a sign language interpreter with Parkinson’s. The constant reminders by our main characters, speaking at the 4th wall in an awkward ""I’m talking out loud to remind myself of stuff even though i already know it but, just kidding, I’m doing it to remind the player"" sort of way, get old and obnoxious because most people can figure out the basic points that the characters are making. However, developers chose to leave out critical information regarding the more intricate part of the story from these reminders. The end result looks something like the scenario where someone is told to drive to a specific location but have no idea why they did. Don't get me wrong, the story and its most basic, surface elements are easily graspable, but it’s the meat of it all, the semantical details that aren’t expanded on in a comfortable and enjoyable way. This wouldn't even be a big deal if the game wasn't marketed to be STORY DRIVEN OOOOHHHHHH and a CHOICES MATTER HHNNNGGGGG game, but it was, so they are and the effect is underwhelming.2.The lack of versatility in firefights and combat scenarios made them bland and more of a chore than a part of the game to look forward too. It also surprised me in a way, because here I was thinking this game was going to be STORY DRIVEN MMMMMMMMMMMMMM and be mostly about CHOICES OOOUUUUUHHHHH. So, you can imagine my surprise when the character enters cover and you unlock the ability to utilize a weapon selection wheel after the first 30 minutes of the game.And it wouldn't even have been as bad if the firefights felt more involved or thought out. The cover system sucks and you can stick to walls with a guarantee that you won’t accidentally slip out of cover by moving the controls a hair in either direction, and you only have the choices of a small array of weapons that hardy do any damage to anything unless you shoot people in the head.I understand that the head is among the most vulnerable places on the body but when I have to put over 30 rounds of smg ammo into a basic enemy to kill him, there is something wrong with the damage resistance distribution on the enemy’s hitboxes.3.The boss battle was a jew and a half. For the sake of spoilers, cause the boss battle is very far off in the game, I won't give too much detail. I'll just say that it was corny and unpleasantly difficult and did not match the theme of the game at all.All the griping aside (unfortunately, because I love to gripe), lets discuss the better points of this game.1.The story, regardless of its shortcomings, was very interesting and thought provoking. As the narrative takes twists and turns and different people show up at different timelines, it really makes you think about how some actions may be effected by those taken before or even after them, thanks to tasty meddling via time machines. It also brings up the very rational concerns of surviving once time stops and seems like a real and quite scary ending to life as we know it.2.The graphics are phenomenal and the mocap is almost perfect. If you've ever wanted to roleplay as Merry or Pippin to the utmost extent, now is your chance. I should add a slight correction, though, as graphics are wonderful up close, but tend to falter a little at a distance, surely in an attempt to retain performance value. Sadly, if you hate Aiden Gillen and his acting and his stupid sh!t eating smirk as much as I do, this will provide no shelter.3.The sheer amount of optional content and discoverable odds and ends of the story scattered about all levels of this game is staggering. I think it was a great addition to this game that really gave the players a little more wiggle room when it comes to playing and learning about the plot. There’s nothing bad I can truly say about this point.So overall, those are the big things that popped up for me. It was a good game, but I definitely would not buy this game for anything more than 30 dollars due to the hokey and generally corny additions (and subtractions) to/from the game mentioned in the first half of this review. If you do buy it, be prepared for a well written story that will challenge your memory and make you question everything.6.5/10"
,Recommended,474960,35458964,Posted: 3 October,all,Spider3,"Mixed feelings about that game.Cinematic, Gfx, Voice acting are excellent. Really immersive atmosphere.I'm not a Sci-Fi fan, therefore story didn't drag me as much as I expected - but anyway it was good enough to keep me interested. Characters traits are not developed - that's a shame.About choices matters - well, don't expect anything close to telltales or similar.The gameplay/combat was pretty simple, but well executed. Even if fights gets repetitive, it's always a nice feeling to smash and crash everyone with your superpowers. The game is more cinematic-action-on-a-rail-with-platform-elements.People looking for Open-World features will be disappointed - but for me it was good, since the focus was on the story.My only complain is about the final boss - very hard to beat, after the whole game is really an easy walk and the focus on the story, not the difficulty.For the quality of gfx/voice acting/atmosphere, it worths the full price, but only if you are a sci-fi fan and you are ok with a linear story. Otherwise get it on sale at 50% - a good experience (approx 15 hours gameplay) that worths for sure this price."
,Recommended,474960,25987967,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Rekkles #Acc4Sell,Faking love this game its like playing your favorite Netflix series as a game!
76561197970687769,Recommended,474960,26008330,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,-WeReWoLf-,"This was a pretty great game. ""Ambitious"" is probably the best word to describe it.When I first heard that Remedy were integrating a live action show into the game, I thought that sounded dumb, they could never pull it off. But after playing it, I think it turned out pretty good. It provides a lot of depth and development to the other characters in the game.The story is fantastic and I've come to expect nothing less from Remedy. It's genuinely intriguing, and the characters are all very well written.The main complaint I see about this game is the combat, and the optimization. I thought the combat was good enough, Although, 3rd person cover shooters will never really get rave reviews about having engaging combat systems, so whatever. Once you were fully powered up, near the end of the game, and you've built up some experience with the different abilities, it actually becomes pretty fun.The game ran perfectly fine for me on my 980 ti. People are saying this is a horrible port but everything worked fine for me.Overall this was a great game and I'm so glad they released a Steam/DX11 version. I will hold out from supporting Windows Store and UWP for as long as I possibly can!"
76561198102265678,Recommended,474960,28363648,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Olaf,"It's a great and unique game, the combination of cinematic cutscenes with A list actors and refreshing gameplay had me hooked on the story from beginning to end, that beeing said there are couple of things the could have improved like for example guns, this game has a few guns from wich you can choose and there are 3 slots you can use to choose from, why not 4 is beyond me. Then there is also the few abilities you have they are fun to use but not something that you have not seen before in other games, could be that they are planning on building the character so it makes sense that in the beginning he hasn't have a lot to choose from but maybe in the sequal it will be different (who knows). One thing that I also found weird is the requirements to play this game, my pc is a powerhouse but graphic whise the game looks good but not stunning on ultra settings. So yes I would recommend this game if you want to try something different from most shooters out, keep an open mind while playing and it might even surprise you as much as it did me."
76561197976547344,Recommended,474960,28650108,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Hello Kitty,"I don't do reviews and this is my first. But for this game, I'll gladly make this exception. This game is just great. Great story, great characters, great gameplay and a perfect mix between game and series. I've thoroughly enjoyed it. I had my doubts to begin, but these have quickly dissipated after the first act and episode."
,Recommended,474960,34781712,Posted: 6 September,all,Ccpoj,"Great game, great story, and great mechanics.  Gameplay is unique, so you'll have to get used to it, but they do a great job of slowly introducing you so you can get the hang of it.  The story is very interesting, but you can ignore/skip most of it if you want - there are even four 20-30 minute long episodes (skippable) that really are pretty amazing.The only problem is that the end is a little abrupt - they don't give you closure on the side characters and leave a bunch of big things unexplained.  Dispite that, I still highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,474960,25848646,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,-Corey.K-,"Very good game. The timeline of the game is very interesting, it is the first time I have been able to pass through the interpretation of time and space in such a clear interpretation of the game. In the game the story fascinating, interlocking, fighting the link to cool, with the real interpretation of the plot is let me be startled at, anyway, if you don't want to miss a good TV, buy it！TIME IS POWER!"
76561198014421173,Recommended,474960,25851255,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Jsmortis,"I Really like this game, only 3 episodes in but it has been awhile since a game has grasped me this much. I can't wait to get off work tomorrow to finish this game. Only thing about this game that I have a gripe with is the animations are a bit clunky at times, especially jumping from ledge to ledge. The story is great, it makes you actually care about the characters even the antagonist."
76561198095455634,Not Recommended,474960,32575460,Posted: 19 June,all,Husky306,"Ok, I just had to delete it and I'll simply explain why. It's a movie. It's a movie among all other games that are movies.It's literally mostly an action film. Very boring, seen a million times. Bad guys want to destroy the world, white knights fight for the universe, a simple young man vs hordes of well-prepared faceless soldiers that cannot kill him. Kindergarten vision of cool action.And the worst thing is gameplay. It's like it was never meant to be there. But since ""kids want to shoot millions of faceless soldiers for no reason"" it's added. The game tries very hard to be ultra-realistic and in real life the main character would have been dead after every encounter. And he only survives because the game is newbie-friendly and doesn't let them kill you (at least on Easy mode). It's impossible to see the soldiers in the mess, they blend perfectly, they hide, they only act dumb because they're meant to be killed after all. A time waster, not a problem. To learn to shoot in it, to get used to 3rd person view, to learn how to use powers it would take a month. Compared to any good shooter and I've played many. So it's not worth it.So in short, fighting in pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ using powers (that are terrible, Timeshift did it way better. As well as Max Payne, F.E.A.R. or Dishonored) is pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥and puzzles that take you to deal with the surrounding mess, finding one button in a huge warehouse full of junk that can be anywhere... is pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥To be fair, the good thing and why it's 70 Gb. It's VERY well made graphic-wise. The rendered scenes are almost as good as real film action. The design of the buildings, the city, the characters is really astounding. The game could be brilliant if it had a simple and clear fighting system, less shooting people (which is NEVER a good thing outside TF2, Overwatch or Unreal Tournament), more interesting puzzles, not time wasters and junk inspecting, and good use of powers. They are always limited. Ok, if you make a terrible shooting system, make up for it by giving unlimited time stop and let the main character disarm and knock out, not kill, the soldiers. Senseless violence is a sign of a bad game.Or it could be a brilliant movie or series. At least if they modelled it all the way through. Just cut the shooting and leave only choices. There are many shooters out there that do it right.So...Graphics: beyond any expectations.Plot: weakPuzzles: weakGameplay: weakIf you like the challenge of learning to play a terrible shooter, don't mind brainless violence and want to watch a VERY long movie with the ability to affect the outcome - you can play it. I couldn't. I realized it's beyond me to go through this game, it's just not worth it. It's very boring. And I honestly tried to love it. Sorry."
76561197970339840,Not Recommended,474960,26087852,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,illequine,"Gimmick game.Buy it in a sale if you must. But dont expect much from its gameplay. Seems like most of the budget went into paying the quality actors to act. The videos you get as a ""reward"" for your choices are about 20 minutes long, and tedious and cringeworthy to watch. The effects in the videos are surprisingly crap, the dialogue is atrocious, i cant fault the actors, they were paid to say what they said.Might have been decent if it was done properly, it wasnt.At best this is a 50/100 so i cant recommend it."
,Recommended,474960,25942818,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Serious Pony,"Narrative-driven game with some  OK gameplay in between the cutscenes and live-action TV episodes with well-known actors.Why does this actually work out well? Because your choice influences the plot of the game and live-action TV show. Now that's something I'd call inovative and original.If you loved Alan Wake and Max Payne 1&2 storytelling, then Quantum Break is the game for you. After all, games by Remedy have their own special charm.Quantum Break is not perfect, but good and enjoyable nonetheless."
76561197993744294,Recommended,474960,28885119,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Nokarma,"It was a good game about time travel.  Worth the sale price, but I still think Singularity was a better time travel game.If you liked this game, do yourself a favor and pick up Singularity.  The controls were better.Bottomline: I paid and played for the story and was not disappointed."
,Recommended,474960,29354191,Posted: 19 January,all,Lexrizi,"I really really enjoyed Quantum Break. BUT it is not a game for everyone. The story is great, really enjoyable characters, LOVE the ""villain"". However game play is okay, and the game does have a few glitches, a story based achievement did not unlock and i had to replay parts because a collectable used to upgrade your abilities was unable to be picked up. The Steam version is apparently better then the Windows store one, however it should get some more polish.Finally the biggest point on deciding if this is a game for you, do you like games like Alan Wake, and Heavy Rain? The game has a LOT more gameplay then Heavy Rain, but it is very story based, lots of live action segments and cutscenes. I enjoy games like that, a few of my friends don't.All up, good game, great story, slightly buggy gameplay, and a lot of cinematic scenes."
,Recommended,474960,25937264,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Facarwi,"Where to begin… When you first boot up Quantum Break (QB) and play for a short period it can be frustrating to see performance issues are still present (but no where near as bad as release), by the end however these issues become extremely disappointing because Remedy Entertainment has made a game that is both distinctive and captivating and less people will get to experience this brilliant game because of it.The story is so well done, as you progress through more is revealed, yet it’s layered in a way that motives and reasoning of certain characters might remain hidden or totally missed on the first playthrough. QB hosts four twenty-two minute live action movies that work really well, they do not feel intrusive to gameplay as you know you can take your hands off the keys and enjoy. Depending on what you uncover and the choices you make affects how the story unfolds. Choices also affect the extra collectables too, emails change allowing you to see characters responding in different circumstance letting you see another side of them.QB blew me away, the story is definitely the centerpiece but the combat is fantastic with powers that are extremely fun to use! Once I finished my initial playthrough I immediately started again. My hope is that Remedy will continue to support QB’s steam release patching its performance further and hopefully putting it on sale to entice more people to experience this fantastic game. The year is not over yet but so far this is my favorite game this year. If you rig can handle it and performance does not ruin an experience for you i.e. you handle the odd shutter, then its a def buy. I hate to reward companies for bad releases but this game is too good not to experience."
,Recommended,474960,33254833,Posted: 4 July,all,🍁Yoo Bro🍁,"Quantum Break is good game and the story is perfect also a bit confusing xD #NoSpoiler. The graphics was amazing so as the combat skills. I really love the power and the concept of the game, that we're able to control time,rewind,shield & etc. But, it's poorly optimize sometimes I get 10Fps while and sometimes it's stutter so badly but somehow I manage to complete this game. I feel like i'm playing Life is Strange with high graphics but it's Quantum Break. If you're a gamer who loves to play story modes then you might like this game. The story was BRILLIANT."
,Recommended,474960,33137949,Posted: 2 July,all,Amrie47,This Games Is AWESOME!!!!!PS: you really need a beast PC in order to run this game at HIgh-Ultra SettingsOtherwise is still enjoyable game to run even in Medium-High Graphics Settings
,Recommended,474960,25926665,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Boris The Blade,"A really nice game. A twisted plot that intrigues with time manipulations and their consequences, and a solid gameplay, sometimes annoying, but pretty simple and enjoyable. Nice game to play for some relax after work day."
76561198175049138,Recommended,474960,25920874,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,NorGamer91,Is it a game? Is a TV Series? NO! It's both! And it is marvelous!! This is a fantastic game and the story is gripping and exciting. Gameplay mechanics are on piont and all in all a masterpice!Highly recommend to play this!11/10
,Recommended,474960,25944133,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,SpanicChaotices,By far the most underreated game. Broke my heart when this game had less sales than No man's sky.Buy it!!!!
76561198036578879,Recommended,474960,25944790,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,lucinius,"Hi every1, so this is my first ever review... was compelled to write something after playing this game, with  a look at game+performance, with performance being negatively spoken about in such harsh terms i almost didnt get the game.I am so happy i did.I run a gtx1080 OC which boosts to 2050Mhz -  this game is OC friendly - with a 4790k, with these specs, vsych off [costs 15%!!!] AA off @ 1440p with upscaling on and ur playing the entire game @ > 60fpsso how does it look>? comparing to deus ex divded the lighting is better, u take a hit on the textures because of the upscaling but the way i see it, is the developers wrote all their effects with upscaling in mind due to xbox so this is how the authors expect the game to 'look' and it does look fantastic, the effects are amazing. the characters look like the actors* [real movie footage mixed with game engine generated fmv and in game cut scenes..... and all the characters across the formats look like themselves, its really quite an accomplistment. Very next jennycompared to rise of the tombraider? - lol the engine is  a piece of poo, and u imagine i can play RoT with VXAO @ 1440p. at to within 10% of the same fps as  in Quantum Break upscaling to 1440p - so it is an issue obviously - this is a recommendation based on how i am able to experience the content. With Nvid vsync mode - FAST is absolutely the way to go if you don't have gsync, becase vsync on isn't really an option due to the perf hit - you can knock down 2 settings from ultra -> high and you've got back 30%? then you can work out what kind of card you can get away with. So this is a recommendation with caveats and tips - if i didn't know about they upscaling? id say it looked better than lighting and effects than deus ex + >animations but that texture depth and texture are not where witcher and deus ex are [because we are cheating] ...in terms of visual quality and animation RoT is still way above the rest.Croft is amazing but this is what timecop would have been like if it was made after the matrix. Its very cool.Hope that helps!"
,Recommended,474960,32783557,Posted: 25 June,all,ARCHER™,"Just finished the first play-through of this game today and i must say, it is superb. Epic graphics and superior storytelling with above average gunplay. The time-powers are simply amazing and the live shows help in fleshing out the story according to the choices you make in game.TL:DR; Just buy the damn game and play it, worth every penny"
,Recommended,474960,29024810,Posted: 4 January,all,shadow4thedark,Good graphics good gameplay and good storyi want 2
,Recommended,474960,32277972,Posted: 8 June,all,Erdy,"Another great game from Remedy! If you're into story rich games, buy this!Playtime is kinda short, I finished the game with all the achievements within 16 hours but still, the story is worth it."
,Recommended,474960,29297039,Posted: 16 January,all,Kaffeebohnson,"Amazingly well executed time-travel story based around the self-consistency principle. The plot is smart and respects the players intelligence, while also reveling in some action movie clichés. It's a Hollywood Blockbuster projected through Remedy's quirky finnish lens.The action is visceral and fun, though the gameplay loop is short and there could have been more and longer gunfights throughout the game.The actors in the game also appear in the included Show Episodes, creating a fascinating reverse-uncanny-valley effect where the digital characters feel more real than most others.The graphical effects during time stutters are amazing. Other times, some of the ambitious and unconventional graphical techniques used can break the illusion for a bit. But overall the game is beautiful and smartly designed.Especially considering the small team size of about 100 people."
76561198012084615,Recommended,474960,26077871,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,icysoft,"Great game, great story, I really like it."
,Recommended,474960,26079286,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,wedusk101,Great game. Worth your while.
,Recommended,474960,28300908,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Eruhlu,That was AMAAZİNG EXPERİENCE ! They have worked hard for this game . I'm grateful.
76561198003063171,Recommended,474960,33571377,Posted: 15 July,all,Odcran,"The gameplay are generic but the storry is good.If you like ""movie-games"" i warmly recomand ""Beyond: Two Souls"", witch is AAAMAZING! (Only for PS3/4 though)."
76561198042121357,Recommended,474960,25891959,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,CakeOrDeath,"(Disclaimer : Finished this on Xbox One and then bought it on Steam)This game has some issues, granted.The gameplay design choices are strange in some areas.But...The story is incredible and the detail in the story is great as well(People who buy this, READ ALL THE EXTRA STUFF LYING AROUND!!!!!!!!).It's a shame that the negative reaction means that Remedy will never revisit this to perfect it.I NEED to know what happens next :(9/10"
76561198044691968,Recommended,474960,25851841,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,LondoBell Captain,"The story in a game is always not that good, but the story of this game is real fascinating. But it's not the kind of game that only focuses on the story, the entertainment in this game is also marvelous. (Many tricks in this game remind me of Max Payne and the time I spent in that game, impressive...Thank you, Remedy). I must say the whole idea contained in this game is absolutely brilliant, hope Quatumn Break 2 can be released soon because I want to know whether Jack can save Beth and fix the time truly.  Don't take this as a spoiler because the process of the story is much more intriguing than result. If you're a old fan of the Max Payne or you're a gamer who prefers good story, I will recommend this game to you. However, if you're a hardcore gamer who only cares about the gameplay, then just ignore this game because it's not for you."
76561197970905973,Not Recommended,474960,33249212,Posted: 4 July,all,UGADawgs427,"I really, really wanted to like this game.The cast is excellent, no question. I think this boosted a rich, if cumbersome, plot. These are easily the high points.Jumping puzzles galores. Maybe it's just me, but in 2017, I'd thought we'd had enough of this. Same with endless collectables strewn throughout fairly repetitive level design and a poor cover system. Combat, even with the time manipulation, became dull.  Definitely strong platformer roots.The in game ""episodes"" are a great touch, but even a small stream interruption made this an issue, bogging down playback time considerably.I would pay $8 to see this as a movie. I would not pay anything even resembling full price to slog through the levels to get to the plot."
,Recommended,474960,33067643,Posted: 30 June,all,Microsoft Word,Movie: The Video Game.
76561198013957962,Recommended,474960,26083133,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Zii,"The game was nice, but i wouldn't dare & say perfect. Enjoyed the different options you have & scenarios you unveil from those actions.All in All, worth a play."
76561198019129560,Recommended,474960,28821310,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ph0ne (greatijedi),"I've seen some people hating on this game. Naturally, I researched it a lot before buying, and it certainly looked good. And it sure is a great game.First off, there's the problem of the final boss. Please, please do NOT play on Hard for the final fight. Unless you want a painful final level, just don't do it. I did it on Normal without much frustration. Some tips include saving your sprinting and using the final boss's own bombs to blow up the enemies by idling near them. Helped me knock out the heavies. Oh, and despite what people say, the cutscene leading up the the fight is skippable.The next gripe people had was the live-action component. Yes, there is a disconnect between the game and the series, but I enjoyed the series. The series happens when the player character wouldn't be controlled by you anyway because the player character is going somewhere far away or is otherwise incapable.Thing I liked most was the stutters. The whole world stops, and you get to see everything frozen in place. There are a few interesting scenes where the game goes from real-time to stutter-time very quickly in a chaotic situation, which is great.The ending is quite cliffhangery, but all you need to do to avoid the anguish of waiting 10 years for the next game is to turn your brain off when one of the player character's allies says ""We fixed the time problem!"". The game is self-contained until that point. Everything after that is the sequel baiting."
,Recommended,474960,33120109,Posted: 2 July,all,Dante589,"While the game certainly suffers from some poor shooting mechanics, the overall game itself is very enjoyable, Having just finished my first playthrough on Normal with 14 hours of playtime while having tried to complete as many of the side-objecticves as possible. I can highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys games that have a large focus on story."
,Recommended,474960,26354375,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,T.K. -holf-,"Quantum Break is a sc-fi thriller which delves into time travel and its effect on its world and characters, if you've ever played a remedy game you will feel right at home, the story is told via 20 mins tv like episodes and with the characters looking exactly like their in-game like apart from the likeness and voice the clothes and other small details are exactly same as their in-game counterparts the transition feels seamless, one issue i have with those webisodes is that they are easy skip by mistake and there is no way to rewatch because its streamed off your internet and does not come with the game files so thats a letdown because i once skipped an episode when i wanted to pause it but since its too easy to skip coz the video ui is terrilbe and with no way to rewatch it i had to go to youtube to watch the entire episode.The characters are very likeable and even the enemies are presented as humans with very different goals and agendas instead of flat out cardboard cut out generic enemy, this is done by them letting you play as the villian for the choice segment which is somewhat impact on the story but make them feel much more human as you get to know why they are doing the things they are doing.Visually the game looks very good and the time stutters makes the levels look chaotic and beautiful, the game without a doubt has the best global illumination ive ever seen in a game till date.Only complaint i have visually is you cant get rid of the motion blur on anything which annoyed the hell out of me.Gameplay-wise Quantum Break is amazing the time powers are really fun to use and very handy at the same time, its very well balanced because some enemies with special suits are able to counteract your powers and this creates a very satisfying gameplay for example in one level i entered a area filled with ten or so normal enemies but then the time stutter happened and four special enemies came who are not affected by it nor my powers and after getting past them the stutter ended and i had to deal with the normal ones but my powers being useful invoked a sense of power that very few provide as the special enemies are tough to beat but the normal ones are not too easy to coz the gang up on you and after using a power it has a cooldown timer so you cant spam the same powers over and over which forces you to carefully use your powers.The gunplay is very tight and the guns feels pretty good with a good variety of different guns or different varients of the same gun.The only minor complaints i have is that the final boss was really hard on the hardest difficulty and i had to switch to easy to complete the game was it was genuinely frustrating and not enjoyable.The only other complaint apart from that is technical problem which is the game you might have to lock it to 30 fps or lower the settings quite a bit to hit that constant 50-60 fps, i would say it needed more optimization but that would be somewhat wrong because this problems stems from how good the lighting and the global illumination effects look also i remember remedy saying the console counterpart runs in on medium-high compared to the PC version because the game is just heavy, it could've been optimized a bit maybe but not a lot i feel however if you have a recent PC which is really high end you should not experience these problems.Overall if you've played games like max payne and alan wake you loved it like me you should definitely pick this game up."
76561197998419703,Recommended,474960,26081350,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,mcameron,"Fantastic game, runs a little sluggish and the combat could be a bit better, but an all around great time with really cool setpieces and awesome effects!"
76561198069090701,Recommended,474960,27726695,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Manly Astronaut,"The story is excellent, the gameplay is inovative. It's just a bit rough on the framerate. I love this game."
76561198033089795,Recommended,474960,29636315,Posted: 1 February,all,anasdabbar,the game itself is amazing but poorly coded for PCif you wanna enjoy the game at higher FPS then the main 2 options to play with are lighting and screen reflection quality
76561198155892475,Recommended,474960,34966325,Posted: 15 September,all,Pathundead,Enjoyable
,Recommended,474960,25892592,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,ARBISENTs ARBISENT,"Realy good Game with a good Story, I love how that game switches from gameplay Graphic to Movie Graphic, its like playing and then doing a little break and watch some TV.Story remembers me a little bit of Max Payne but with more options and super power.Game also works on ultra flawless, if you like action games like Max Payne, Mad Max and similar, its a must buy. Also the gameplay you choose, or better your decision counts on that game, so after you finished you can play it again with another decision.I recommend this game, try it out if you don`t like it you can refunde it on Steam if you don´t play more then 2 Hours, should be enough for testing. Price is also realy good, and if you buy it on some other Stores then Steam you can save a lot more. (but then you can`t refunde if you don`t like it). other way is watch a Gameplay Video on Youtune but then you get a big spoiler of the game.My pros:GraphicGameplayMusicStoryReal Movie in GameLong playtimeAction but without stressOwn decisionAuto SaveCon:Sometime a few small bugsYou can`t skip the sequence when you die, so you have to watch it again (they are short)KI is sometimes a bit dumbFrom me this game gets a 8,5/9 of 10 Points. Works better then the Windows Store Version, Price is good and you play and watch a Movie on the same time.Its awsome, I hope microsoft will bring more Games on Steam."
76561198002171041,Recommended,474960,25835898,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Andrakys,Great way to make a gameBrilliant cast and amazing storySolid gameplay and innovative ideasWhat more could you want? :P
76561198051063875,Recommended,474960,26742364,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,DrippinMilk,"Honestly optimization seems to be pretty bad, or game is extreamly demanding. Im running a i767OOk GTX 1O8O DDR4. Im able to get 4O-45fps at a resolution of 4k with upscaling enabled. So not true 4k. Ultra settings, but Volumetric lighting set to medium, screen space reflections off, and AA off. Otherwise with those settings cranked up and upscaling off i get more like 2Ofps. But at 144Op with those same tailored settings and upscaling off I get a 5O-6Ofps. I dont know compared to other games like DOOM, Shadow Warrior 2, and Battlefeild 1 where i get solid 5O-6Ofps Ultra everything and at true 4k Im torn a lttile with this one. Otherwise fantasic story, great visuals and game mechanics. Im really enjoying this game anyway. If your willing to compromise a little and have beefy hardware this game is stunning. Just wish PC players didn't have to deal with these shotty ports. Hurts even more when the game is good. But story of my life. Also a FOV slider would be nice."
76561198077348744,Recommended,474960,26060061,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Raen,"If there's one thing that can be said about this game, then that it's got a lot of story. In fact, it's got so much story that they actually filmed a movie and put it in the game.At the time I write this review, I have 110 minutes of play time. 30 minutes of that I was watching a movie.I'm not sure what to think about that. Part of me was thinking, wow, they really put a lot of effort into this, actually shooting a movie. Not that good a movie - actors are mediocre, effects look like they were made with After Effects - but a movie. And a part of me was thinking, hey, this is a game. Why have me watch a movie when I could actually play? I could play that guy fighting his way out of the building. I could play that guy fleeing from the baddies in a car.The part of the game where you're actually playing is a mediocre cover shooter with some super powers. Graphics look like I'm on anesthetics - strong motion blur which I can't seem to turn off, combined with what seems to be low FPS even though it says it's on 30 FPS constantly.It's not a bad game, although I don't think it's nearly as good as Alan Wake.Do I recommend it? Truth is, I don't know. A neutral option would be nice here.Since it is a good story and because of the effort they put into it, I'll give it a reserved thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,474960,33233507,Posted: 4 July,all,SpawnThrasher,"The game has more movie and video of the supposed playtime then actual gametime. I realized it's such a short game too. I honestly lost track of the hours I spend on it because of all the video's. Requested a refund. I thought I'd enjoy it, but it's not as fun as I thought, plus I bought a game to play not watch video's."
,Not Recommended,474960,29705687,Posted: 4 February,all,Sykaas,Doesn't have a real ending. Repetitive gameplay. Story had potential but by the end I felt it had wasted my time.
,Not Recommended,474960,33401912,Posted: 9 July,all,Captain Picard,"Runs like turd. I could handle the drops to 40fps when fighting, until i reached some big fight in a shipyard where it was 20fps galore. Even setting everything to low in 720p only could get 26fps there. I guess my 1080 aint good enough."
,Not Recommended,474960,31872427,Posted: 20 May,all,Tolham,"I played the game for 2 hours and then got a refund. This is a console port, and I'm using the world ""port"" loosely. The character movement is awkward and is clearly intended to be played with a controller. The graphics were not optimized at all. DOOM's framerate runs circles around QB's framerate.The game is trying too hard to be a movie. Cutscene after cutscene after cutscene. They even filmed live actors and put literal episodes in the game. Did you know that the game was published by Microsoft? Don't worry, they'll remind you of that fact with their product placement. Yes, you will see characters using Windows Phones and Windows 10 computers. Ironically, MS had already let their phone division flounder by the time of the game's release, and the platform is essentially dead now, but I digress.I also take issue with the difficulty of the game, or rather, the lack thereof. They really, really don't want you to die. I played the game on the hardest difficulty (go big or go home), and the main character is something of a bullet spounge. With no armor, you can take down teams of professional gunmen who litter you with a cloud of bullets. Of course, it's perfectly standard for the main character in shooter games to be able to take several hits without dying, but the thing is, this game gives you super powers that can stop bullets, and doesn't give your armor. It seems to me that, at least on the hardest difficulty, the character should die easily and rely on using the time-shifting super powers to stay alive. After all, that's the main gimmick of the game.Having said that, there is a decent game buried under the flaws. The time-shifting powers are actually useful and add a nice twist to the shoot-outs that other games don't have. I really wish Remedy would take the time to properly port and optimize this game for PC, and condense the whole TV show aspect. I can't recommend this game at the current price of $40. I would probably buy it again if it goes under $10."
76561198052497246,Recommended,474960,27047641,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,arawnblack,It's an experience. Go in with an open mind and see if you enjoy it.My 2 cents...It's REALLY hard to mess with time in a new and interesting way. Quantum Break pulls it off and it has an awesome cast.
76561197964471360,Recommended,474960,26066698,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,|DB| Stalker,Excellent game.  Not clunky on PC.
,Recommended,474960,29748073,Posted: 6 February,all,Ford,"Only on chapter 3 but I am really enjoying this game!  I really like the live action cutscenes in between each chapter.  It keeps my invested in the story and wanting to progress further.  Being able to make choices that effect how the story plays out is also a really nice feature.  I plan on playing the game through again making opposite choices to see how everything will play out.  Combat is lots of fun!  Who doesnt like controlling time?!?!  It can make combat a little easier as you level up the powers, but you can always just make it more difficult or just dont level the powers up.  Having a lot of fun and HIGHLY RECOMMEND this game!"
76561198329888885,Recommended,474960,29145721,Posted: 9 January,all,DedSec,Best story/adventure game I have ever played I recommend this game to every person I meet I love this game I hope there will be a quantum break part 2
,Recommended,474960,26082142,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,mysterionSP,This game is fully worth the money and the time you will spen playing it. I havent played much yet but the story thus far is amazing. This game is not an easy one to run. I have a GTX 1080 and an I7-6700k and running a custom graphics quality of part ultra part high settings @ 2560x1440p the game will run at about 50-60 fps. other than that the game is enjoyable.7/10 could be optimized
,Recommended,474960,28179575,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Warkanum,For me this game was worth the discounted price. I can tell you this though. It has a very good Live Action Show with good acting. The story is impressive. The only problem I have with this game is the gameplay. It would have been much better as a first person game.
,Recommended,474960,33071404,Posted: 1 July,all,BAWB.BAGET,"A single-player game with a story worth getting lost in.Graphics may look a bit blurry/film-grainy but you'll get used to it.Gun-play/movement mechanics are okay but takes some getting used to. You will feel the weight of each movement as opposed to some arcadey 3rd-person shooter like the old Max Payne games.The live-action scenes were really fun to watch between gameplay chapters.Took 10 hours to beat on a single-playthrough on the hardest difficulty, but I believe with the choices of the game, length may vary. I think it's meant to be played more than once, but I felt I had enough doses in a single play through.Buy on sale."
76561198127655572,Recommended,474960,33163359,Posted: 2 July,all,Rennis Deynolds,"Awesome game. Interesting story, characters, and powers. Main complaints are that there are only like nine weapons, and the PC optimization. I have a 1060 and a Ryzen 1500X with 16 gigs of ram, and I had to turn half of the settings to medium and lock the framerate to get a smooth experience. That being said, it still looked beautiful and realizstic. Solid 8.5/10."
,Recommended,474960,27725737,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jazz-y,"time travel make brain hurt12.5 hrs according to Steam to 100% the game, might've stumbled upon a stutter while playing. Would love to travel back to play it for the first time, again."
76561198066514935,Recommended,474960,32111887,Posted: 1 June,all,ItsTheBirdd,"All i have to say is: wow.This game is awesome.  I always loved story driven games, but I never would have thought I would love a game/TV show love-child so much.  Instead of the show episodes slowing down the pace, the game paces is built around the show.  It feels lurchy at times, but it lends itself really well to the story.  And what a great story it is.  Great characters and a deep, mind-bending, and emotional story.  I really felt attached to the story, and how it ended.Great graphics, runs well on my 1060, and the gunplay feels good.All in all, a really solid experince, and I can't wait to replay it to do all the choices I didn't take the last time"
,Recommended,474960,28835349,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Shortchange,"Amazing, well written story, satisfying gun play, cool time manipulation abilities that was both fun to use and necessary to progress while playing on hard (you get taken down FAST by enemies).Port is on the weaker side though :'( bit disappointed with Remedy on this end but I blame M$.Solid Remedy title, if you like their other stuff you're gonna like this. Don't expect a bare bones rail shooter, this is an intricate story with intermittent (although challenging enough on hard) gun fights. Take your time with this one, explore and read all the lore (maybe not two of the documents encountered, they are just page upon page upon page lol).All in all: I loved it and I will surely play through it at least one more time."
,Recommended,474960,33095221,Posted: 1 July,all,Arugin,Just great game.
,Recommended,474960,33257564,Posted: 4 July,all,KUY -  όμορφος,"I love this game so much.+Great story, great narrative.This show how's the developer made this game seriously. i love the role for every characters in this game.you can see this game from the both side.+little part of puzzle.+amazing graphic+combatlove the skills. you can't just always shoot the enemy but combine your weapon with skills, it shows jack just ordinary people who gets the power.-the game is too short.-climb control"
76561198032228335,Recommended,474960,33352979,Posted: 7 July,all,Rambo Kush,"Every now and then a developer tries something new and it just doesn't work. But every now and then it does. That's what this game is: Innovation.The initial hiccups of the Windows Store launch scared me off at first but I'm glad that Remedy gave steam a try. The game is a absolute marvel of graphical design, running flawlessly on a dusty system like mine. There are times when I was confsued as to wheter I was still in a cutscene or gameplay as there's no difference, no pre-rendered cutscenes, it's all in engine, in game.The shooting mechanics feel smooth and fresh, delivering excitment in every situation. But the lack of melee until midway through the game leaves something to be desired. It's not a very hard game, even on the highest difficulty but I feel like that fits the story... Because at the end of the day, with a game like this, that's what matters the most: The story.It's an incredibly well told story, showing logic and sense to the time travel concept that usually leaves other less well written stories littered with plotholes. You never have to paus and question what is going on as it's all layed out infront of you. Never getting bogged down or convoluted.The characters truly are the best part of this beautiful game. Jack Joyce is an absolute joy to play as and the supporting cast, with Beth Wilder being a standout, are all fantastic. The actors deserve all the possible praise you could ever give them for their spectacular performances.The live action portions of the game works as a nice break from the gameplay. But it does feel like an unecessary one, seeing as how well made the in game cutscenes are, I do believe that the shift between live action and CGI did sometimes pull you out of the experience. It doesn't help that all the live action bits are streamed through the internet which, for people with slow connections, can be quite bothersome.It's also incredibly fascinating to see in game actions carry over into the ""real world"".(They'll never find me in the back of the catering truck!)Hands down to you Remedy. You did good."
76561198136095277,Recommended,474960,33334006,Posted: 6 July,all,Mewboyz,I wonder if Max Payne have time manipulation ability ...
,Recommended,474960,33366916,Posted: 8 July,all,"Ай-ай-ай-ай-ай, что сейчас произ","+ Impressive graphics and particle effects, especially during the stuttering+ Fun and challenging combat, time manipulation, matrix style+ Enjoyabe live action cutscene, not cheesy+ Coherent time travel story which makes sense (they consulted some guy who worked at CERN)+ Littlefinger as villain+/- About 10 hours length- Bad optimization- The live action show must be streamed, can't be downloaded9/10 Everyone should play this game."
,Recommended,474960,33333836,Posted: 6 July,all,Crimson,"This game reminded me of years ago when I played Silent Steel an old CDROM game about being a real life sub commander near the end of the cold war. I enjoyed the gameplay a great deal, but even more so was the short breaks it took to give me a live action show that was based in part on my own actions.The controls seemed like they were built first with a controller in mind and not a PC game keyboard and mouse. I don't think I mastered the keys and the skills until the second playthrough on hard. I went online to find a control layout for the game to help with this as I hate consoles and have been an avid PC gamer for years never owning a console until recently. All my searching turned up controller layouts I found nothing about keyboard and mouse but this did not deter me from finding out how this story would turn out.In the end I managed to enjoy the story (twice) and you must play through at least twice if you are to have a chance to get all steam achievements. Which I have done,The “Time Master” and “Time Lord” achievements were well worth the 30+ hours I put into this. If you enjoy a good action game, third person shooter, story driven game where your actions have impact in a live action drama then you have found the right game."
,Recommended,474960,25921508,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Chrithu,"DON'T MISS OUT!!!For an in depth list of the weaknesses of this game refer toRPS.com's""WOT I think"" article on Quantum Break. Only thing I do not agree with is that most of the story is hidden in optional texts. A lot of the lore is, that is true. But what is presented in the game and the live action episodes was at least for me enough to know what's going on, immerse myself in the world and be drawn into it. Other than that the article is spot on.Now for the positives: The graphics are stunning. The gameplay though unoriginal is imho well balanced and enjoyable. The story is great, especially if you are like me a Sci-Fi fan that forgives scientific inaccuracies or loopholes. Hiring A list actors really paid off.A well done complete game in AAA quality without pre-order shenannigans or season passes for only 36,99€ in a time when most productions of this quality come at 60€ plus 40€ for DLC to get the complete game deserves credit for that fact alone.So again: DON'T MISS OUT!!!!Don't miss out on a great game.Dont' miss out on an opportunity to vote with your wallet for well done games that are complete in their first realeased version at a fair price.Don't miss out to encourage Remedy to do a sequel."
,Recommended,474960,25922680,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Artheg,"Oh my god. That ♥♥♥♥♥ING MUSIC at the end of EACH ACT. DID I ♥♥♥♥♥ING ASK YOU ABOUT WHAT YOU LISTEN ON YOUR WAY HOME IN YOUR BRAND NEW STINKIN SUV? YOU SPOIL THE MOMENT WHERE I WANT TO CRY LIKE A LITTLE BITСH, YOU ♥♥♥♥♥ING REMEDY.Anyway, great game tho, interesting way of storytelling. Sounds like nothing special at first, but Quantum Break actually felt like an interactive TV Series. This, I believe, is the future of soap opera.Good job, Remedy. Now make Alan Wake 2."
,Recommended,474960,25930664,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Lurkija,"Another Remedy game yay!+ Pretty cool timetravel story+ TV show was ok+ Shoot outs with time powers were neat+ Runs very well (i5, 970 gtx)- When moving from 30 fps limited cutscene/video stuff back to game there is period of stuttering until fps catches 60 fps again"
,Recommended,474960,25879761,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,LookItsAK,"Cutting edge story telling is the best way to describe the game. Action packed too. The game really encourages you to use all the powers at your disposal and blast your way through this ""inception"" like stroy path. Glad I finally got around to playing it!Sidenote: If anyone from Microsoft is reading this, please use Steam for your games. It is a solid platform for PC gaming and until Windows 10 and it's ""alpha"" storfront is bulletproof, don't expect sucessful product launches. Forza Horizon 3's launch is a disaster on PC."
76561198108799625,Recommended,474960,26077185,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,flood_ping,An amazing game!
,Recommended,474960,32959178,Posted: 28 June,all,Raven Seldon,"Amazing gaming experience, I loved it! Excellent graphics, story and gameplay. The game ran super smooth on my gaming laptop.Great acting both ingame and in the mini series. More games should work this way and combine both. The way the actions ingame affect a series' plot could be spun into so many different ways...The only downside of QB is that it feels rather short. Hoping for season 2 :)10/10 definitely will play again (to see the outcome of other choices)"
,Recommended,474960,32264242,Posted: 8 June,all,AJAYR,if you wanna play a storyrich game it is one among them but it a small game but u can have a playtime abot 7 to 8 hours good game
76561198026967338,Recommended,474960,32140395,Posted: 2 June,all,Commander of Death,"Absolutely stunning I am blown away at how intergrated the story line is in Quantum Break especially after reading the reviews about how much the video scenes ruined the 'fun' of the game. I now know after having completed the game how wrong those people were and I am 100% glad I bought the game to try it out.In a nut shell you play through the game and at the end of each Part there is a video seqeunce, there are not many of these and each is around 20 - 30 minutes. All videos are based on your game play, which does affect what you see in the videos this is important as it also slightly changes the storyline for you although admittidly it's nothing too major only minor bits.Pros:Game play - Fantastic! 10 / 10Graphics - Good 8 / 10Stroyline - (Being in mind I have played games like The Witcher & Deus Ex) 10 / 10Interactivity - Good but not everything is utilised as much as it could have been 6 / 10Controls - Keyboard & Mouse are okay I didn't play with controller though 8 / 10Play time - 12 to 16 hours for completion it is possible in that time to 100% the achievmentsOther - Great Charactors, voice overs, sound quality is good decent music etc.Cons:There is an auto cover system which has got me killed a few times when I try to run but he covers instead, this can be frustrating at times but overall not a big deal it doesn't happen very often.Your charactor is either to the left or to the right of the screen (as supposed to being centered), while playing this at first feels a little odd but I did eventually get used to it.Overall this game is definitely worth getting on or off sale."
,Recommended,474960,28278018,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Xzenor,"Holy crap.. I expected a fairly cool game.But this, this is so seriously awesome! The game itself is good, the story is great. the combination of the two? Sublime!Honestly, I've had better gameplay in a game but the entire experience of the game is just simply incredible!"
,Recommended,474960,32453535,Posted: 15 June,all,Mashiro,Its actually quite good the story is cool and u get sum powers is cool and u get to make lots of choices and they all mean sth so is great
,Recommended,474960,32302735,Posted: 9 June,all,Trollfgang,"Time Travel Done RightWhen I bought this game, I honestly thought it would be an other sluggish time travelling story with a convoluted incoherent plot and uninteresting characters.My main fear was that the series would slow things down and make it a chore to play.Boy, was I wrongAs time travelling story, the thing holds quite well. I wouldn't say perfectly, but the thing choses a time travel hypothesis and holds itself to it.That hypothesis being thatthe past is set. You can only alter the future, and all you do going back to the past would result in the same present you're in.To put it into perspective, I consider Looper to be a pile of crap in regards to time travelling story. The way it handles the past altering the future is utterly nonsensical. (despite the fact that the movie is still nice.)Quantum Break doesn't fall into that trap.Of course, when sometimes the time is stopped and things work properly, like automatic doors, it had me raising an eyebrow, but it only a small slight.The charactersMost of them are nice. The creepy ones are creepy as they should. I'm a bit disappointed that the only black guy is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (but a brilliant ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, so there is that).My only problem is the main character. The dude had a bland personnality and a bland physical appearance. At least he's not hatable.Production over GameplayIt's really strange to think the guys taht did Max Payne 1 & 2 did that game. To be honest, I'd have been less surprised if it was a game by the Max Payne 3's developpers.The moves feel sluggish, the character takes too much time to react to the inputs (and I tried it in minimal settings to test it out, no differences.)The games fall into a trap many others did before it.Animation before gameplayI could name games like Assassin's creed, Max Payne 3, Watch Dogs, GTA V, they all have that same problem. The developpers made a priority of the characters animation. What results is a latency between the players input and the character's movement. As a result, all movements are a chore, the gunfights are sluggish and the action gets either boring or infuriating on higher difficulty.It doesn't help that the level-design of the fighting sequences is pretty much inexistant. The game at least has the taste to not be cover based.On an other hand.The series is good. Really good. It's nicely paced, decent looking. The visual effect, though easy to spot, aren't half-bad, and it gives a new perspective on the game. It tells the story of the secondary characters, and I found myself more compelled by their struggles than by those of the main protagonist. I don't consider it a bad thing, it's more of a consequential added bonus.Are those time freezes ?I run the game on a core i7 + GTX1070 + 8GB RAM, with win7. I've given up on the idea to run it on high settings. The thing is by no means well optimized, but it stays visually decent on medium settings, so I'm not really complaining. It's still sad.Overall, I wish there was a *meh* button. But given that I decently can't not recommand that game for its story, I'll click yes.BecauseTimeTravelDoneRight"
,Recommended,474960,33558983,Posted: 15 July,all,Дукиндра,"I have to say,Remedy did a really good job."
,Recommended,474960,33537394,Posted: 14 July,all,Duha Nubie,"Good game from Microsoft, love it, gameplay and strory are awesome"
76561197998050806,Recommended,474960,33582308,Posted: 16 July,all,Noises,"Had a lot of fun playing with the time mechanics. Felt like a run and gun movie unfortunately. Would've loved to see this same concept used in a less constrained way. Add working stealth mechanics, bigger environments and a longer story. The story was about as well written as a made-for-tv movie, but they had some good acting.Worth getting on sale for $40. Not worth buying full price."
,Recommended,474960,33482943,Posted: 12 July,all,JASMAC,"So far Quantum Break has proven to be a great game. The realism gives it a feel like you are the main character of a movie more than of a game. Your character's special powers, 3rd person/ over the shoulder perspective, and great storyline this game has grasped my attention with only a half-hour of gameplay under my belt. I will update if my initial opinion of this game changes.Edit:Time is the one adversary we all lose against someday...Quantum Break follows the consequences of a time travel experiment to which Paul Serene invites his old friend, Jack Joyce.. with all the drastic results such things normally have. The story is thrilling enough, especially if you like the time travel genre. Quantum Break also implements time altering abilities of the protagonist in the gameplay - both for the riddles/jump´n run part as well as the action part.Where QB also does an interesting mix is the presentation of the story/game itself. The ingame characters are made after real life actors, with which the normal game episodes are also mixed through, after every ingame episode one part of a four part movie series advances the storyline. Complementing that fact is that nearly all actors are experienced from other series and enrich the game in their roles.Add to all these points quite some humor in the many texts you can find in the game (there is enough to look out for, for achievement hunters as well as hidden object hunters) as well as a bit emotion in the right places...Also, you can choose between the episodes how the game will proceed, which brings some differences in how the persons will act/ who lives and who dies. Kind of like Telltales decisions, which is a nice touch for replayability.So in the end the only downsides I could find are maybe a bit of an open ending and a really annoying boss fight.Conclusion: I enjoyed the series as well as the game and liked the presentation of the game very much. Through the ""time rifts"" the graphics more often than not seem a bit strange, but that´s ok. I really liked how they implemented the manipulation of time into the riddles and the presentation of real life actors in the gameplay graphics.In the end, I didn´t expect too much from Quantum Break at the beginning, but it quickly became one of my games of the year 2016.Point Scale 9/10"
,Recommended,474960,33288451,Posted: 5 July,all,PunkRockGuy,"So far Quantum Break has proven to be a great game. The realism gives it a feel like you are the main character of a movie more than of a game. Your character's special powers, 3rd person/ over the shoulder perspective, and great storyline this game has grasped my attention with only a half-hour of gameplay under my belt. I will update if my initial opinion of this game changes."
,Recommended,474960,33412936,Posted: 9 July,all,tearfromthered,"I recommend this game only for people with a good PC that want to get a nice tech demo on sales. as a game this product is a dissapointment, even for those fan of Alan wake or lovers of linear shooters. the usual focus on story telling these devs do is in this game focused on a time travel story... we know how lame such a story is most of time, especially when taking it seriously and always trying to explain the science behind it.biggest issues : very repetitive gameplay with most powers and tools given at the start of the game.very scripted badass sequences, most of the game is cutescene and forced walk to follow NPC.Main characters are all weak and not very interesting or evolving through out the game3 different types of ennemies to rush again for very short action sequencethis tv show is a jokeso yeah buy this game if you want to get blasted by a lot of cool FX and npc faces look super realthis is it."
76561197982039269,Recommended,474960,27658902,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Frynos,"The game that players waited for. It received bad reviews bcuz of bad PC port on Windows Store. Then it relaunched on Steam and the game works great and it is great, even tho it's not very long. Would still recommend even without discount!"
,Recommended,474960,33206214,Posted: 3 July,all,Labre Lars,"yes, just yes"
,Recommended,474960,25907263,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Fire Blaze,Game is pretty much awesome but length is so small...By the way its worth to buy..
,Recommended,474960,25910073,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,huhugol,good graphic，good story.  The skills are dope 8/10
,Recommended,474960,25910503,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Cockeyed Lobster,Awesome game.
,Recommended,474960,26645497,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Pier,"This is more an interactive film than a game, and you really need a beefy GPU to enjoy it. But damn the game so far is super cool.Graphics are spectacular. Sound and music are great too. Writing and acting so far are interesting, although I would have preferred a more mature tone and less oriented to ""all audiences"".Gameplay is basic. Like I said, this is more like an interactive film than a game. I don't think this is a problem. The point here is the experience.Very well done Remedy!"
76561198216182976,Recommended,474960,28267676,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,👳🏻 Billu Virk 👊🏻,"📝 Notes -Nice game. Total Entertainment. Overall Experience above average. My Advice to other only buy this game when its on offer.👍🏻 PROS -• Gameplay Good.• Storyline Great.• In Game animation are superb.• Sound Quality Superb.• Graphics are good.• Nice concept of using time as powers.👎🏻 CONS -• Still need Optimisation.• Texture are not crispy, Its feels too blury even with antialiasing ON.• Still Crashes a lot.• Only One time play gameplay.• Need online connection in order to view the Episodes, no offline episodes."
,Recommended,474960,28228575,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,burcel,"This game has an intense story telling right from the start. Never got bored while advancing throughout the story. Time travel activities are very well handled. At some point, it starts to get confusing who did when but that's the beauty of it I guess. Many individual elements are involved in these timelines which makes the past is already written theory very compelling.  Really fascinated.And Petyr Baelish."
76561198127682710,Recommended,474960,28076584,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mashiro,The graphic and gameplay was awesome and the story could change based what you chose.
76561198152308686,Recommended,474960,28247439,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,BRAVO2033,The graphic and gameplay  was really amazing.I'm gonna replay it again on hard difficult for true challenge.GOOD JOB REMEDY.
,Recommended,474960,27221871,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DiggiWay,─────────▄──────────────▄────────▌▒█───────────▄▀▒▌────────▌▒▒▀▄───────▄▀▒▒▒▐───────▐▄▀▒▒▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▀▒▒▒▒▒▐─────▄▄▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▒▄█▒▐───▄▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀██▀▒▌──▐▒▒▒▄▄▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▄▒▒▌──▌▒▒▐▄█▀▒▒▒▒▄▀█▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▒▐─▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▌██▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▄▌─▌▒▀▄██▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▌─▌▀▐▄█▄█▌▄▒▀▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░▒▒▒▐▐▒▀▐▀▐▀▒▒▄▄▒▄▒▒▒GOOD▒▒░░░░▒▌▐▒▒▒▀▀▄▄▒▒▒▄▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░░░▒▒▒▐─▌▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░░░░▒▒▒▒▌─▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒GAME▒▒▒▒▒▐──▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▒▒▒▒▌────▀▄▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▄▀▒▒▒▒▄▀───▐▀▒▀▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▒▒▒▒▒▄▄▀──▐▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀
76561198120255347,Recommended,474960,28050249,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,BlankDark,"Quite interesting to play this game, plot twist and making decision for the story to goes with. but still i love the graphics and science!!"
,Recommended,474960,33107546,Posted: 1 July,all,dgall,"A fantastic experience, a game that's genuinely different and brings something new to the table.  I can see games going in this direction - mixed media games with live-action elements with recognizable characters.  It's certainly worth your time to give it a go."
,Not Recommended,474960,28758951,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Salvador,"Interesting concept, bit Fringe feel to it but..- Did not buy this game to go all tomb raider like linear jumping and climbing (in some instances with time bending it is cool, but way too scripted/lineair. No freedeom for the player to decide).- When enemies are to far away, you shoot them and you see them being hit (blood) but they dont die. Emptied several clips on non armoured targets on the courtyard at ground zero.- Played using a controller, however the game hints revers back to mouse and keyboard unless you use one of the controller buttons (for example; looking at a door you can open it shows press e to open. Only if you move with the controller is tells you to press button A. Kills the gameplay.. Also very annoying in the game menu, when you figure out which action does what, since you have quite some actions available.All in all not a bad game, but for me it has some really really annoying issues that get me unhooked from immersion of the the story and the game."
76561198056041686,Recommended,474960,32416009,Posted: 14 June,all,Vidlak_CZ,"Quantum Break is a good game worth trying. Time travelling brings new perspective. The plot really got me, every pieces in the end fits together. And the video serie is better than most of TV Shows :-)But the game is terribly short. I played just 28 hours for 100% completed game - including watching all the videos and reading all the documents and emails. There's nothing more to do.Also the choices you can make doesn't have big effect on the gameplay. You can see different people, read different emails, watch different cut scenes and changes in the show. But the gameplay will always be the same except one scene just before you get the CFR."
76561198020417901,Recommended,474960,27249613,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Crowbi,The live action show is amazing.
76561198170679934,Recommended,474960,28319974,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,The Flarbadarb,"This game has fun but slightly flawed gameplay, a VERY unique story(although the tv parts are pretty boring), a weird but diffrent type of storytelling(game and tv combined),some pretty uninteresting characters,AMAZING looking graphics (expecially the faces and their animations) And it's about 8-12 hrs).If you like fun gameplay, tv shows, a unique story, and AMAZING graphics and physics, I would say to definetly get this game."
,Recommended,474960,28381871,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Windy*City*GaMinG,"Personally, I am really into this game for it's approach as being an ""interactive story"" type game. There are, not sure how to describe, but there'll be like a short scene, or episode, then it drops you into the game, where you are essentially continuing where the live-action leaves off, and is so intertwined that you see objects and individuals that are in the live-action sequences, interacting with it all etc.. So it's a sort of back-n-forth from these two perspectives really engaging you into the story & it's details. Also, along the way you pick up info from everything to newspapers, radios, t.v. screens, and when you look at these items in your library they come more alive revealing even more video, audio, and biogrophies of people you come across in the story giving you more background & story. Not sure how long it is, says I have fourteen hours and I'm just beginning chapter 3, however I did spend quite a bit looking around at things AND tinkering with settings to get the video quality to act better. What I learned from this is that the game has a certain look and way it acts(it's not to do with your video card being offset or bonkers). Not much else to get into, it's fairly self-explanatory. Main question to answer is basically ""How is the story"". And to me ""so far"", it's awesome, & I'm not just saying that, I am very familiar with the actor from The Wire and even the the other guy has done very well work in American tv and movies, and neither dissapoint at all in this game. The voices are perfection, and the story is SOO INTRIGUING this far in. If the game continues like this I would have to highly recommend(if this genre is fun for you) If you like story, and don't mind taking a break from typical gaming style and want to treat yourself to something different that doesn't demand alot of effort and rewards you with choice driven movies and playstyles then definitely give it a chance. I would say that within the first couple hours you'll be able to tell if it is, or isn't, & it's no problem to refund if not, because you basically get the the way it's set up by the two hours in like I said. Enjoy! 9/10"
,Recommended,474960,35419756,Posted: 2 October,all,Chernobyl,"This is really amazing game, but it has its consStory is amazing, but short. I finished the game on hard difficulty with 13.2 hours on record with 95% of collectibles found. No speedrunning intendedUsing time-shifting powers to gain upper hand in gunfights is great fun, however simplistic aim-bot (any enemy have gun pointed right at you in less than seccond even when time is slowed down) like AI is easy to kill. Bossfights are just larger enemies with more health, more damage and ofcone weak spotThis game offers live-acton show to show (no pun intended) happenings on enemy side of things. It is well done HOWEVER they are not stored localy, but streamed from servers to you. Sucks for people with both slow, and fast internet connection, since you can't choose downstream quality it allways looks like highly compressed 720p-420P AVI file. Console users can ofcourse download it with great quality so this is just another middle finger to PC gaming.Cutscenes are pre-rendered (By cutscene I mean EVERY single one) into 30fps bik files, bringing constant framerate and resolution differences, and of course beloved compression artifacts.Performance is another issue. Lots of people complain about framerate drops/constant low framerate on high-end hardware. I had no issues on my RX470. Game runs smoothly on sub-high, with ultra textures settings.I just want to end this god damn long review, so summary:Great story, Awesome gunplay, bad developer decisions, higly demmanding for hardware, framerate drops caused by video cutscenes"
76561197971402890,Recommended,474960,35387617,Posted: 1 October,all,retaniius,Just played game for two hours.Like it very much. Ii has a rich story which i really like. May be this is more narrative than game but it is fine with me. One of a kind game. I wish more like these.But game has quite serious hardware requirement. If u like to play on ultra settings -  it requires a very good videocard. On 970 GTX at 1680-1050 at ultra grapihcs settings it was far not perfect. And it does not support SLI.
76561198403593489,Recommended,474960,35437627,Posted: 2 October,all,1241314487,Most wonderful game I ve had，but if u dont got an excellent computer，i dont think it a good idea to play quantum break
,Recommended,474960,33230058,Posted: 4 July,all,ＨＥＹ　ＷＡＳＳＨＩ,"This is one of the best TV series I've watched this sale. Makes me want to buy Microsoft™ products.No seriously, it's good at everything but gameplay. Which I don't have any problems with."
,Recommended,474960,33217912,Posted: 3 July,all,MhaNameRex,"*Uses Power In Game*Me: wow, it would be cool to have this power in real life*Silence....*Me: *Cries in Nissan*(This Game Is Full Of Nissan/Nissan Commercials btw)"
76561198302221196,Recommended,474960,33068383,Posted: 30 June,all,Animtard,"It includes live action cut scenes that makes the game much more immersive. If time is an EGG, its♥♥♥♥♥♥♥broken in this game."
,Recommended,474960,28226033,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Toto Mato,"""An XBOX ONE exclusive""the game▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬Quantum Break is a sci-fi time travel part TV series, part game experience. It has one of the best sci-fi story driven experiences in a game in years. The streamed TV series at the end of every episode (level) is optional. You don't really need to watch the TV series in order to enjoy the game; it's just used as a narrative filler between game levels. Whatever choices you make, the overall story and outcome remains pretty much intact.the good and the bad▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬First, the story. It is wonderfully presented using player choices, in game cutscenes and TV episodes, something, as far as I'm aware, quite unique to QB. Although the TV episodes felt a bit too long and weren't as good as the game, they are never awful. Thegamefelt somewhat short which is what should've been the longer of the two since this is a game first and a TV show second (if at all). The graphics are wonderful yet more demanding than it looks and thus QB by default runs with some sort of upscale from 720p and always manages to look blurry/noisy along with an annoying motion blur that cannot be disabled.performance issues(i3-6100, GTX 950, 8GB DDR4)▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬My gripe with this game isn't that it looks blurry, it's that it stutters at random moments, almost always when opening doors and often when moving around in a new area. This happened irrespective of my graphics settings where the framerate dropped to around 17fps. Idk, it could be a texture streaming issue due to 950s 2GB VRAM since it only happens while opening doors or moving into new areas. But here's the thing, I can run Witcher 3 1080p at 30fps; the PS4 which is almost as powerful can run Uncharted 4 at 30fps as well. Trying 1080p (upscaled) at medium with no upscaling and no screen space reflections gets me around 25fps even in the first area.what made me buy this▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬Liked Max Payne 1 & 2Remedy's new IP"
,Recommended,474960,25860621,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Rusty Trombone,"So I was about to refund this game due to horrible performance and frame drops from over 100 to single digits with a gtx 1080, i7 6700k,16gb ram and cant even have a playable frame rate above 30.  Made sure drivers and windows up to date ect and nothing worked.  Read message boards and tried other fixes but this is what worked.....Re installed game from a standard hdd to my samsung m.2 950 pro ssd and it is night and day.  The frames are a million times more consistant and I can now play at 1440p no prob with a few lowered settings.  Before I coudnt even play at 1080p with everything on low.  Maybe this can help others with similar issue."
,Recommended,474960,25871151,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Tr1ton,"I will start by saying the combat were a little bit anoying since I was primarely trying to read all those sweat journals and emails. So so many emails. That said I had fin enough with the game, some of the platforming were anoying as hell but the gameplay is fine. I liked the story and the short episodes. Actually I would recommend the game. Maybe not the game of the year (need more in game emails for that) but still. Fun enough. Also it ran fine on my gtx1080"
,Recommended,474960,25898743,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Azuramothren,"There is a lot I want to say about this game (almost all good) but I'll keep it short. This is one of the most well executed AAA game I've played in years. In the age of broken promises and buggy launches Quantum break stands out. Gameplay, music overall atmosphere, all of it was great. My only real problem with the game was that I had trouble getting the game to look good in 4k, not a really relevent problem for most people.A must buy for anyone who is a fan of story driven action games. This is definietly worth paying release price for (60$) so snag it now at 40$ or wait for it to go on sale (probably this summer). Either way, throw it in your cart or your wishlist. You won't regret it.9.7 hrs 85% completion on normal mode, grabbed all collectables that I noticed but only read probably 3-4 of them."
76561197990271265,Recommended,474960,25845545,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,FaeTalan,"I`m a huge fan of Remedy, more and more. Alan Wake is brilliant and unique (not that Max Payne isn`t worth a fandom).I`m so happy to say that Quantum Break on Steam lives up to the legacy. Maybe it surpasses, as I still haven`t finished it.Running on an i5 6600k + GTX 970, by the way. Flowing smooth and gorgeous."
,Recommended,474960,25866469,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,NightQuest,"TL;DR: I loved Quantum Break. And I care to elaborate why. I will try to keep my ramblings structured for those who might be interested in reading through them.The Story.Remedy are storytellers, that's for sure. We have seen them do the whole ""blockbuster-story-driven-action-game"" thing before, and it was quite good actually. What they have done here sure is next level.It is not that easy to come up with a good time travel story, some of us might remember ""Looper"" being a huge pile of poop on that accord. Quantum Break, does it right. This is the kind of sci-fi that earned the ""sci"" part. No plot holes, no absurd decisions. Each and every turn, twist and action is reasoned either directly, or indirectly.And this is where I can see the main weakness of Quantum Break. In order to fully grasp the whole thing you will have to do a considerable amount of reading and/or listening. You will dig through private e-mails in order to find out background and motivation for most of characters both major and minor. You will collect things in order to unlock diaries of main characters in order to see things from their perspective. Now why is this a weak point of Quantum Break, you might ask? Because the whole running around reading e-mails and collecting documents does not add well to the atmosphere of the game. The world is ending. Predesignated chain of events is about to explode in our faces with a calamity that is hard to fully comprehend. But yet we are standing here, in a cubicle of the research facility, digging through some chick's inbox, in order to get why exactly that other dude was important. Subjectively, I cannot say that it was a chore or something, because almost all collectibles sit there in the open - but I really can see how this can be frustrating for some people.Then again, some will claim it to be short - but playing it on Hard, trying to get all of the story will take you roughly 10 to 12 hours. That's pretty much what you can expect from a story-driven game.The Action.Gameplay breaks down to progression to the mission objective, methodically clearing up enemy squads. Sometimes you will have to use your time-bending powers in order to proceed, and it feels really intuitive. I really like that all your skills are equally used in order to solve temporal (pun intended) problems that will hinder your progression as well as to get an upper-hand in firefights.Quantum Break is not a great shooter. Do yourself a favor and play it on Hard. Otherwise, some shootouts might feel a bit casual. To be perfectly frank, I did not enjoy the shooter part until the first action sequence where your enemies can operate in the ""Stutter"". The ""stutter"" is a consequence of the incident, during which the time around you ""breaks"" and either stops altogether, or erratically goes back and forth. This looks mind-blowing. Things around you crash repeatedly while you are fighting with enemies who are, to a lesser extend than you, able to manipulate time. The game will push you into using your time-bending abilities as an addition to the gunplay and all that actually looks natural and engaging.The Presentation.It is not that easy to mash up a game with live action series, or at least it is not seen before. Remedy managed to spend each dollar from the MS paycheck in order to do that. Series itself looks better, than certain TV shows and as a mean to tell a story of Quantum Break they serve just right. In order to further blur the line between QB the Game and QB the Show, facial recognition was used and as a result we have top-notch face animations of the characters. This helps to better relate to them and also makes transitions from cutscenes into gameplay fluid and natural.Soundtrack is rather brilliant too. The glitchy tunes during stutters and firefights really add up to the atmosphere. Just like it was with Petri Alanko's score to Alan Wake, I will probably pick up soundtrack for future listening.Interface is slick and informative, albeit minimalistic. I tried playing the game with mouse+keyboard, but it felt a bit awkward due to mouse acceleration, and instead of fiddling around with settings I just hooked up the controller. Plays really great with it.The Optimization.This is where the most will find the second weakness of Quantum Break. Steam version runs with DX11 and seems to run better, than the DX12 one, but still the game is very demanding to your hardware. I had to tinker around to get the most juice out of my 3GB 7950 (which is, actually, lower than the minimal requirements) but all in all I was able to run the game in 1080p with high/medium settings. It runs smooth, and steadily above 30FPS and it looks great. Sure it can look better, but that would require serious hardware upgrade which I am not ready for yet. I had no issues with glitches, crashes, FPS spikes or anything else. But if you have a half-decent PC and is used to run everything on ultra, you will probably be disappointed. Not sure actually if it is a mean of future-proofing or really is a result of a poor optimization - but yeah, you need some serious hardware to get the most from what Quantum Break can offer graphically.The Verdict.I loved it. I loved all of it. I have been waiting for it ever since Remedy announce, and just like a lot of you I was disappointed that it is not AW2. Just like some of you I was disappointed that it was promoted as XBOX One exclusive. Just like some of you I was disappointed that after that it was Win 10-only. But ever since it was announced to come to Steam, I was pumped. I sure hoped that Remedy will deliver. And for me, Quantum Break is a rare case of high hopes justified."
,Recommended,474960,25873459,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,97,Like the cinematic experience of the game!if u like game with strong story i would definitely recommend this game!
76561198027071207,Recommended,474960,25946438,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Luxmeal,"An instant classic, epic game. Outstanding production value at all levels, really engaging and fun to play. Beautifully looking, with ultra settings runs fine (1080p, 2xGTX970 in SLI)."
,Recommended,474960,32136974,Posted: 2 June,all,Mɑxiиe ✿,One of the best storytelling game ever created.Recommended af. ❤❤❤❤❤
,Recommended,474960,25987603,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,=EBS=TheProvokedPrawn,"Quantum Break is superb.I was concerned that the cut scenes might be too much and if you're worrying about the same thing then take my word, they are not. I'm the sort of gamer that hates cut scenes generally. I don't have much time to play and I'd rather just get straight back into the action, but the storyline (and acting) is so good you actually want to sit back and watch the story. Take time to make the right decisions to make the story interesting. There's a choice which means there's the opportunity to replay the game again with different choices. And that in itself is a rare thing.Otherwise, Quantum Break is much like the other games from this developer. If you enjoyed Alan Wake or Max Payne, then you're sure to enjoy this too. There's a nice vibe to it that was present in the other games. The story is really well played out. The motion capture and graphical effects on the actors is really great and you can feel the effort they put into it.I really like the time powers too. They're useful and it doesn't just feel like a rehash of bullet time (not that that would ever be a bad thing if done right). I completed the game feeling satisfied and considering playing it right from the start again straight away.10/10 would break time again."
76561198080554255,Recommended,474960,27811809,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,AGENT 9,"Personally i dont write reviews. frankly there hasnt been much game that could catch my attention so much that i would waste my time writing a review. But this isnt any ordinary game, this is the GAME.At first i was reluctant to purchase this game as well, most games recently are the cancer of the gaming community. But after much serious consideration, i decided to purchase this game, and to my surprise, this is one game i will never forget.The story line gets draggy sometimes but its a need for us to understand, i suggest watching all the movie parts in this game as it plays a big part.i highly recommend this game to anyone considering. Do not miss out such a game of a life time. you will not regret it."
,Recommended,474960,27804871,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kevlar,"This game is an amazing take on time travel and its paradoxes. It has a great mix between cinematic storytelling and action-packed gameplay. At first, I thought the live action scenes would interfere with the flow of the game, but it mainly runs parallel to the storyline you're actually playing and is a welcome addition to get more insight into the overall story.Despite being a console port, it's also very pretty, especially the particle effects and the environments. The main characters look good, but some side characters could have used more work. Also, sometimes the animations of the characters feel a bit off, especially when they're talking, there's not a lot of body language, making conversations a bit awkward at times.Gameplay wise, as the protagonist, you have a set of time-manipulating abilities. These can be chained together for some amazing fights. Some encounters are also pretty difficult, forcing you to use your abilities in a tactical way.So overall a very good game, definitely recommended if you like story-driven games."
76561197970538611,Recommended,474960,32188414,Posted: 4 June,all,Westenra,"Another awesome action game from Remedy. If you're not familiar, this is the same team that created Max Payne and Alan Wake. If that right there isn't enough to win you over, well, we can't all be born with good taste.In Quantum Break you take on the role of a young man with a mysterious past who returns home at the bequest of his enstranged brother-- the definition of a mad scientist-- and their mutual friend, a man who runs a massive corporation called Monarch. It turns out these two have been putting the final touches on an honest-to-god time machine. But there's been a dangerous fracture in their ideologies, and soon after bearing witness to a test of the prototype, all hell breaks loose. You are blasted with a wave of quantum energy, imbuing you with strange and unstable powers. Stormtroopers are hot on your heals shooting everything and everyone in sight. And scariest of all, time itself seems to be falling apart.Being a Remedy game, the journey is jam-packed with story in the form of cutscenes, collectibles, and-- get this-- a live action miniseries filmed specifically for the game that airs in 22 minute chunks between chapters. ""Quantum Break: The Series"" is subtley affected by choices you make throughout the game, as is the game itself. These episodes are well acted, well written, and action packed. Best of all, they are played by the same cast who does the voice and motion capture for the characters in-game. Screw VR; this is next step in player immersion. (Which is sadly ironic, since procedural FMV games have been around since the early 90's.) On top of the strong, nuanced story, there is a deliciously unassuming left-wing tone to the proceedings, touching on themes like abuse of power, deregulation of corporations, and why tampering with the laws of physics is a bad idea, if a cool one. The game is chock full of loving nods to classic science-fiction. Monarch, the evil company at the heart of the game, is named after a famous short story by Ray Bradbury about the dangers of time travel. One of the most important locations in the game is even called Bradbury Swimming Pool.Action sequences are taught and exciting. The weapons are all standard faire, and incredible recoil means you can't rely on them to get you through alive. (No sci-fi themed guns, sadly. I was hoping I would get to use that cool grenade launcher the Heavy carries, but alas...) There are only a handful of different enemies to fight in the game but they all fit the story and each provide a unique challenge. Fighting chrono-soldiers (bad guys who have some of the same powers of time manipulation as you do) is something you will never forget. Time powers themselves are upgradeable, easy to use and often complementary to each other; rather than requiring a separate hotkey for each one, many can be activated simply by holding down the key for another power rather than simply tapping it. During battles I found myself cycling through each of them at least once without really thinking about what I was doing, and still had a blast. The visual effects for these powers, as well as the time distortions that increasingly encroach upon the universe of the player, are astounding. Some of the most jaw-dropping sequences in the game involve the rapid forward or backward progression of time as decades fly by in both directions. The sky strobes from light to dark. Skyscrapers rise and fall in an instant as indistinguishable figures move about in a blur, whole chunks of their lives winking by in the span of seconds.Remedy clearly put a lot of love into this game.The biggest shortcoming, sadly, is the poor optimization. The game runs like garbage, even on lowest settings. While my GPU is admittedly low-end, one visit to the forums will show you that even powerhouse computers are brought to their knees by this game. So it's a testament to Remedy's hard work that despite the choppy framerate I still played through this beast three times in row. I guess my only other complaint has to do with the story-- I was sad that I never got to fight a Shifter, as the game really builds up it as the story gradually turns from an exciting action game with time-travel into earth-shattering nightmare fuel toward the end.So, in conclusion: good action, intriguing story,  quality gameplay experience, despite the technical shortfall. Comes with a freaking TV SHOW. Jack Joyce is an extremely likeable main character that earns his place alongside Max Payne and Alan Wake. Like those two, Jack isn't your usual action hero. He doesn't crack wise, doesn't hit on his female co-stars, he is just as quick to modesty as he is quick to kill. I loved his panicked screams whenever a grenade landed at his feet during a firefight."
76561198055789834,Recommended,474960,26081911,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,FOmon,"Loved the gameplay, graphics, and story."
76561197968932576,Recommended,474960,26013969,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Peter Zwegat,"Good story telling, nice graphics. Good gameplay. Nothing to complain about."
,Recommended,474960,34203268,Posted: 12 August,all,Landlocked_Pirate,I liked this game. I like that it tried to create an interactive show and game. I liked that the story was really very good.I think there are some things that become tedious over time. The crouching and running are all automated. Therefore neither really seem to function well. I stood up while get shot at more than once because I shifted just a little too close to the edge of the cover. The running is slow.The annoying stuff doesn't overwhelm the game. Every game has something annoying. This one was really good and I think got a bad deal early in its life cycle. If you're considering it now I think that you will be pleasantly surprised.
,Recommended,474960,32544285,Posted: 18 June,all,Starred Hamster,Nice balance of story and gameplay
,Recommended,474960,30284240,Posted: 2 March,all,X-TheRedDragon-X,"This game isEPICQuantum Break is made by Remedy Entertainment who created Max Payne and Alan Wake. This game is has insane realistic graphics (if you put settings on ultra). This is not just a 3rd person shooter, your character also has time shifting powers! The story is sort of complicated but understandable. There are also some movies inbetween stages which are effected by your descisions decided by the ""bad guy"" Paul Serene.Finally this game is one of my favourites. If you like: 3rd person shooter, sci-fi, doctor who, max payne, insane realistic graphics. GET THIS GAME."
,Recommended,474960,28737592,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Psychopath_Nextdoor,"Ok, well I played it in hopes of it running on my PC. I have an AMD core and Nvidia Geforce 960 SSC 4gb gddr5, 18gb RAM. MOST games run fine. Some just don't operate at all (MOST Unity games), but I have learned not to take that as a negative - pop out of the horizon of games that EVERYONE is talking about. I had just refunded a game for that same problem too(no hitboxes in dark souls 3). But the new fact was that I had $30 in my steam wallet. I did not know what to spend it on and said ""AHHH... ok let's look for a game""(my parents and friends for concerned because I was screaming and talking to my computer). A bit later I purchased Quantum Break. It seemed like a good place to spend my money. So I did. After download, i was worried that it would be like another one of those Unity games. But I was greatly reassured it worked 100% not a single error in the game that I saw. After playing it, i loved the concept of the game and the connections of the game and the short films in the midst of it all. This was the most Value I have ever gotten out of a game. I would gladly purchase this again if I could for more content. I have NEVER written a steam review, and I hope this was helpful. I Want to show how well made and kept this game is. Please take this into thought if you are willing to buy it. It WILL be worth it.~Nextdoor_Psycho""Altering the rules of magic."""
,Recommended,474960,26485125,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,philthy,"I don't normally do reviews, but I felt compelled to give this game one.If you are interested in the science behind time travel, the occasional fun but not too difficult combat, and most of all story rich enviroments, buy it. It's an excellent 10hr time sink. That being said here's the real reason why I recommend  this game.I feel that this game is a pioneer of future storytelling. The mo-cap in this game is so spot on, every character feels like an actual person and at times you feel as if you are inside of a movie more than playing a game. In between acts are mini-movies about 20 minutes long, altered ever so slightly by your choices in the game. QB is one of the most absorbing experiences I have had with a game. The story felt a perfect length, not too short and not too long. My only beef is that the ending leaves much to be desired.Calling this a game is an understatement. I would call it a videographic experience.9/10"
76561198168747243,Recommended,474960,32115289,Posted: 1 June,all,Spencer Wade,This is the time it took me to beat the game on normal with about 80% item discovery. The game is by no means hard but its fun and the time powers are pretty lit. Having paid just $20 for the game i think it was a great choice but i would never pay the full price. not a ton of content but they accept that and dont try to assassins creed it. 8/10 would play again.Edit/Addition: I am probably going to eventually play through the game again and watch the episodes/read all the stuff but on my first playthrough i just wanted to have fun with time stuff
,Recommended,474960,34384140,Posted: 20 August,all,Farius,"To be honest, I wasn't expecting such an intense storytelling and gameplay. Your skill of time manipulation is really something. Simply, this experience is like being in a Zack Snyder movie with better storytelling (Sorry Zack.). And the way it tells its story is unique for live-action videos and junction sequences. Face impressions, actors, and dialogues are great.Only things to be cons are choices, for sometimes they feel like they don't really 'matter'. Of course, I completed game once. Thus, I might feel wrong. And I played in the hardest difficulty and it was not really hard.The rest is just awesome. Do yourself a favor and play this game."
,Recommended,474960,26434445,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Rescue_Ronny,"So I played Quantum Break within 12 hours.I looked for every detail and all in all i have to admit:May not the graphics be the best for the myjority of players but who cares about realistic ultra whatever graphics because the game has a nice design (in my opinion).The whole aspect with the broken time is well implemented. So let's get to the important part of this review!The story is thrilling and I did'nt want to stop playing untill I actually finished the story.I did'nt care about the strict story line because the video sequences and the surroundings worthed playing a strict procedure.So now to my rating: 1-5 points (5 is the best)GRAPHICS:(+++++)GAMEPLAY: (+++)FIGHTS: (++++)STORY: (+++++++) [differnet scenes for each decision]CHARACTER: (+++++)Fights have only four pluse, because sometimes they got rediculous hard even on the medium level XDGamplay also got some minus points, because I felt like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Assassin, when the character didn't want to jump up to the obvious cases and ladders.So all in all this game is a ++++Worth trying it out, but I would change the climbing controls because I felt so often to death for no good reason... Based on the arbitrary movements of Jack Joyce...#Ronny's Rediculous Reviews(Youtube)"
76561198048630964,Recommended,474960,28361755,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Devilock,By far one of the best Remedy Games. It's literally like playing a movie!
,Recommended,474960,26506721,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,ZiCell,it's a tv show lolbut seriously
76561198057194771,Not Recommended,474960,28655553,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,CaptainKzer,"An interesting concept, the depth of which enticed me into buying this game was poorly executed in both gameplay and story presentation. This game failed to scratch the surface of what a branching story focused game is capable of."
76561198038181839,Recommended,474960,29634576,Posted: 1 February,all,Velennin,"Quantum Break is a game that really managed to pull me in. I love story driven games and I love games with little details to the world/story. This game does both rather beautifully with it's multiple path gameplay, live action episodes and multitude of little details you find in missions such as emails between characters, journals, radio broadcasts and much more.Gameplay:I did my first playthrough on hard and while the progression between choices was a bit linear and predictable at times in terms of straight gameplay I did thoroughly enjoy playing it. The enemies and weapons were not the most diverse with about 3 or 4 different tiers of enemy difficulty and a handful of weapons with varying version of several, however with it being a primarily story driven game this was certainly not a big deal. When combined with the time powers you unlock over the course of the game this created a multitude of different ways to approach situations and defeat your foes that never got too repetitive for me.World/Story:Remedy really did an outstanding job here as far as I'm concerned as I honestly can't praise this enough. The characters felt truly fleshed out with the combination of character viewpoints, personal communications and writings of the characters found throughout the levels and the believable motives and actions supported by the live action videos. The story changes depending on decisions you make, big or small, you can see firsthand the direct results of those changes in both story changing ways and smaller, more subtle ways. I don't remember the last time a game so thoroughly caught my attention, made me try to see things how I think the characters would and weight what each choice to could mean later down the road in such a complex story.Technical:The game has stunning visuals but can be taxing on your system if it's medium to lower end. I was a bit worried loading into the first level and noticing a fair amount of lag and mediocre framerate on my more medium spec system. This seemed to either smooth out after a bit or I got used to it, I couldn't say but it was certainly not a problem through most of my playthrough. I couldn't in good conscience reccomend this to anyone that would be worried about whether or not their system could handle it well.As a whole I loved this game with one notable exception: the last boss. The final boss fight, in my opinion, is a rather large stain on an otherwise beautifully done and innovative game with a new and refreshing kind of combat system that didn't quite feel like any other I've played before. If you want to know my specific complaints about the fight I'll put it under a spoiler below.So the last boss fight is supposed to be that thing you've been working towards from the start. You play through this beautiful and action packed game to get to the final bad guy and save the day in an epic battle. I was honestly really excited walking into the fight to see what they would throw at me only to experience one of the most boring, forgetabble and poorly designed fights I have ever encountered in a game.The fight is nothing more than the boss standing on a raised platform with an invulnerable shield while he sends his henchman that you've been fighting the whole game after you. Now this wouldn't be so bad if it was only a minion wave, but the whole time the boss is using an area of effect attack with a fairly sized radius that spawns at your location relatively frequently and will one shot you if you don't notice the somewhat faint warning signs that it's happening. He does this until you kill all the minions in the wave. After you've killed them he'll then do the same attack again only this time it will take up about half the cluttered room. Once he casts that off his shield will drop off and you shoot him once before his shield comes back and you do the same exact thing over again with harder enemies and more frequent boss attacks.That's it. That's the entire fight. The boss casts one attack the entire time and dies after you shoot him twice between invincibility stages. This fight alone managed to kill a lot of the enjoyment I was having with the game up until that point and caused me to end the game with a very bitter taste after what was otherwise an amazing game."
76561198041709657,Recommended,474960,25833505,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Nomad,"Man this game is a blast, well worth the cash.Ignore how its cool to hate this game, and check it out for yourself."
,Recommended,474960,26085294,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,JINX MAZE,A game with GOOD STORY and NOT SO BAD OPTIMIZATION (better than Windows Store one though). The whole experience is only around 8 Hours and would have been really nice if it had been a bit more around 15 hours. Overall it's worth the money and time you invest
,Recommended,474960,32898856,Posted: 27 June,all,Sheriff,Bane?
76561198045096198,Recommended,474960,25835435,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,roger.grostad,"For me - this is absolutely amazing. Sci-fi story combined with excellent graphics and great acting.Remedy dares to do a groundbreaking fresh take on storytelling in games, that I`m sure will have an impact in the future..."
76561198065353405,Recommended,474960,25875644,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Iziama94,"System Specs: i5-4690k @ 3.9Ghz. EVGA 1070 FTW, 16 GB 1333Mhz DDR3, Windows 7 x64.This game ran flawlessy for me, yes I have a higher end setup, but this game looks amazing for the 75-90 FPS I was getting.Original story with amazing visuals and effects. If Microsoft gave Remedy a little bit more time I'm sure the game would have been better optimized, but for a little bit after it being released on Xbox One, the game runs good for me, and I'm sure it runs well for others with the recommended specs, maybe they will have to turn down some settings for a constant 60 FPS, I'm not sure. I don't want to say anything more about the game for spoiler purposes, but it is worth it. If you're unsure if you want it, get it on sale. You'll get about 8 hours of gameplay without going out of your way to find collectibles and 100% the game. If you do that you'll maybe get around 12 hours or so.This is the way Microsoft should release games for Steam. It has Microsofts name on it, they should take the time for developers to not rush PC ports so these developers can give themselves, and Microsoft a good name. Microsoft has to redeem themselves for the trying to force people to Windows 10, Games for Windows LIVE, other crappy ports such as Gears of War, and this is how they will redeem themselves. Making good/decent ports that can be played on Windows 7 without Direct X12. Yes I understand people like and even love Windows 10, but not everyone wants it. People shouldn't be forced to upgrade their OS just to play a game. The fact this Steam version runs better than the Direct X12 version should tell Microsoft to give their developers a little more time to get used to it, and be able to make a game based on X11 and X12.Keep doing good quality ports and not try any shady buisness practices and the PC community will be in your hands again."
,Recommended,474960,30624147,Posted: 19 March,all,ClockWork,Don't read the reviews. This is a game where you don't want any spoilers. Just buy it and play it- you won't regret it.
,Recommended,474960,25880379,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,TheFirstCrusade,"I actually really enjoyed this game. It was fun to play with good game mechanics, but had enough story and narrative that my wife enjoyed watching it as a movie. Would like to see more games like this. The live action cross over was a fun mechanic and added to the experience. A casual run through took my wife and I about 10 hours. We're going to play back through to see if any of the decisions alter the story line at all."
,Recommended,474960,26512353,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,tap2open,Loving the storyline.Loving the gameplay.Loving the graphics.
,Recommended,474960,26752245,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,sba.Stonez,The dude from Warehouse 13 with the dude from Game of Thrones with the dudes from Lost and Fringe all messing in a  bunch of timey-whimey shenanigans!Would go back in time to fight my future frenemy again.12/12
76561198201978076,Not Recommended,474960,29191905,Posted: 11 January,all,Tm_Carbon,I have to say despite my liking of the story and the theme of the game I can not recommend it. I bought the game on sale for $30 and I still feel that it was too much for this short game. I spent 3 hours playing and got half way through the game. To me that is not worth $30. If you can ever find it on sale for $10 I would definitely pick it up as it is a good game just not worth its price tag.
,Recommended,474960,30498601,Posted: 13 March,all,Mendhak,"Interesting concept - it's a game mixed in with live-action ""TV"" episodes and some rendered ones based on the choices you make. You may recognize a few people in there like Littlefinger and Lance Reddick, the guy who plays the same person in every TV show.The graphics are great but this game is pretty hard on the system! With a GTX 980 Ti/i7 4790K I was able to average around just 25fps on ultra and upscaling turned off; got 70fps if I dialed down the settings. I had a look around for game benchmarks and it seems like this is normal.  I wonder what rig the developers were testing this on to find this good enough.The story is decent overall, it does involve time travel so it can get a bit confusing at times but it doesn't overwhelm. The characters and narrative items aren't too bad, and there are some humorous moments (Bruce Livingstone's screenplay: Time Knife, as well as Charlie's emails)"
,Not Recommended,474960,33237122,Posted: 4 July,all,Lev,Can't turn off motion blur. Dealbreaker.Hope this helps someone else who hates motion blur to not buy it.
,Not Recommended,474960,28718303,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,pRosta,"My minus to the game with 2 releases (steam and Windows store) and several patches. I have drops in 1080p from 60 to 30 even when just stand and rotate camera with settings on ""HIGH"" (no ultra at all, shodows on ""Medium"", Upscale is OFF). My plus for ""well done'' 30FPS perfomance.It's on PC with i5 (6400), 1070GTX, 16GB (DDR4), game installed on SSD, if that's matter."
,Recommended,474960,32300735,Posted: 9 June,all,Gaming.Master,"Worth to play game, where a lot of ideas and new gaming trick can be experienced."
76561198119872977,Not Recommended,474960,29642470,Posted: 1 February,all,///,Complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ Rare fight scenes are followed by endless movies and read-email episodes.
,Not Recommended,474960,28655914,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Nano`,"The first game I refunded due to the fact that it's not a very good port. After changing graphical settings and looking up fixes to run the game stable and smoothly, I just decided to get my money back. Yes the game looks great if your standing still, but once you start moving around and fighting it's unplayable, it's just a bad port."
,Not Recommended,474960,26023951,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,revkn,"Great story, horrendous gameplay. 5/10The whole game seems to be designed to infuriate the player. Every time a good feature gets introduced it gets outshined by a bad choice of game design, over and over again.Even though I played through it all to see the ending I can not recommend this game as it stands. Would make one hell of a TV show though."
,Not Recommended,474960,29790603,Posted: 8 February,all,Guthar,"Quite possibly one of the most poorly optimized games I ever played. FPS bounces around all the time. Stuttering from time to time no matter the settings. All on a high end system. If you look at certain shadows you will get a stutter and a drop in frames. The game looks decent from time to time, but its that fake depth of field console bullsh*t.By looking at the system requirments you should be able to tell if the game is optimized or not.70GB hard drive space, 16GB of ram recommended.... it doesn't even use 8GB of ram on max settings. 970 (which is a 4GB card). The game doesn't even use 2GB of VRAM on High settings. Just poorly opitmized.Terrible PC port. Story is typical B level TV. Not worth the time or money.Game is worth $10 at the most in current state."
76561197979928405,Not Recommended,474960,29701383,Posted: 4 February,all,JINAK,"So if you pay more than $10 for this half baked game you've been robbed. Sadly this game shows what half hearted effort looks like so very well.  From the lack of save points except at the beginning of each 'chapter' (who thought up this crap) to the terrible game play and control. This is a total crap fest.  Why do this developers even bother including an easy setting when it has no effect on game play? Here's a thought, if you aren't going to allow players to adjust the difficulty just take it out.  Then there is the question of why a game that comes in at almost 100GB in size requires an internet connection for the movie cut scenes? Oh i know because microsoft is completely and utterly clueless when it comes to game design. Or at least in this case. This is by far the worst made game I've had the unfortuate circumstance to actually buy and play.  And when you make it to the end, forget beating the game because again that difficulty level has been bumped up to crazy. What fun is it to sit at the same area (and have to start ALL OVER FROM THE BEGINNING EACH TIME) and not make it past because some pill head developer or other idiot thought it would be fun to make it damn near impossible to win?  Microsoft and Remedy can't and never should be allowed to make another game together again. Or at least make sure the idiots that were in charge of this mess are fired."
76561198060233249,Recommended,474960,31603734,Posted: 7 May,all,FOS,"Story Rich, immersive, easy control: no reason to not like this game."
76561198063306426,Not Recommended,474960,26120727,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,ZuiQuan,"The game has some interesting mechanics, but simply being cautious and using cover nulifies the need to use the skills available. The game was completed without any upgrades, as those are unlocked with points which are gained by means of reading, listening and collecting extras (radios, notes...), which is a bad thing for those who dislike such progression systems. The live action is mediocre, the writing is average, the story fails to intrigue. Lighting tech used in the engine is impressive, but would gladly be traded for more performance. While it sure is cool to see something very close to reatime GI in engine in some parts of the game, it hampers the performance drastically. The battles can look spectacual also.Overall, a solid mediocre game. Short, unfulfilling, with good but unnecessary star actors, and solid, spectacual but pointless action, unless you simply like it for the flare. Another example of by-the-book AAA game."
,Not Recommended,474960,26600802,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,kazereal,"Mixed feelings about this one.Action sequences are very good (except the boss battle), but gameplay is interrupted too often by yet another cutscene.Then there's the B-class TV show (it just is not any good).So actual game is short and story is too nonsensical and self-conflicting to keep interest.Plus crashes and glitches at some places.."
76561198129817336,Not Recommended,474960,26122678,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,achih,"I finished the entire game in 3 days, Pretty short for the amount of money spent and the glitches that come with it. Yes, There are tons of them such as lag,game crashes, performance headaches even with tweaks to graphics, Given the choice I would of rathered gotten a refund and settled for games with less headaches."
76561197996938973,Not Recommended,474960,28634868,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jacra ♛ B.U.Ç.O ♛,"Terribly optimized, well written story."
,Not Recommended,474960,33717096,Posted: 22 July,all,Zelba,"Bad game. Not worth your time.Poor writing, uninspiring gameplay features and ridiculous length.Let this one slide,"
76561198057475626,Recommended,474960,25803571,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,TxAspiration,"Its like playing your favorite Netflix series as a game! Simply amazing. Graphics, voice acting, gameplay, all of it."
76561198001251133,Not Recommended,474960,25768718,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Sledge Hammer!,"There's a reason why the Metacritic score is so low. They basically just took an Xbox game and transplanted it into a PC release with no regard for the multitudes of different PCs that would be playing it. The Steam version is still an unoptimized broken mess, just like the Windows Store version.As for gameplay, it copies several different (old) games. They've taken the 'TV Show' gimmick of 2010's Alan Wake for the story, and 'borrowed' the time manipulation combat from Capcom's 2013 game Remember Me. What was meant to be groundbreaking just looks dated and derivative. The graphics even look last generation, which makes it puzzling as to why the game runs so poorly.Definitely a do not buy recommendation, not even on sale."
76561198003001129,Recommended,474960,26111553,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Pflanzenfett,"In this new solo mode for Overwatch you play as Tracer against the enemy Tracer team unraveling her backstory. The shooting gamplay is really nice as in the base game and the cinematics are great as always. Plays like a movie, blizzard did a solid job here.I give Overwatch: Tracer Origins a 5 outta 5"
76561198099550269,Recommended,474960,27116432,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,OldMan.LoGaN,"good game,tough boss and nice storyline"
,Recommended,474960,27132097,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nahiz,I liked the actors
,Recommended,474960,27142106,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,yimhp,GOOD GAME
,Recommended,474960,26987130,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ika_st,"Great story, fast action10/10"
76561198089328708,Recommended,474960,29262158,Posted: 14 January,all,Johnny Rico,not the best game on the market but still enjoyable 7/10
76561198042955987,Recommended,474960,26950811,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,hornell2007,"This game is amazing!  It really brings you into the world of the game with the way the story is told.  If you like this style of game play, you will love this game."
76561198169554066,Recommended,474960,25855651,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Dpad,"Well written story, beautiful graphics, fun and fresh gameplay, awesome characters that are really relatable. Everything in this game is on point. Even the live action show in between every act fits in really well and shows a new approach for video game story telling. If you are a fan of 3rd person shooters and time travelling this one is a must have. What can I say, Remedy delivers once again!"
,Recommended,474960,25868146,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,bish_ken,"The steam release is great, running 60FPS 1080P on Ultra with GTX1070. The jump from 60 to 30 then 60fps when cinematic comes in is a bit weird but not much of an issue.Gameplay, I have just completed Epi 1, I thought that I would get bored (more of a playing type the watching type), but the real action part is actually good, action packed with high tension.For me, this might not be the best game ever made but is definitly a new era in story telling, pro to Remedy and I am already looking forward to their next game"
,Recommended,474960,26091099,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,endenis,"I really loved the storytelling.For sure, this game is a must-play."
,Recommended,474960,25791738,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,[JP]zak XD¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"yup this's the real/game video gameplay mixed gameit got the good way to telling the storyalso got the good timing to fight/story modethis game got so many way to play,when you're the bad guyyou can made your own choice to be the good guy or bad guyit got the very good sci-fi effen in the realiy videoand this game not only the shootingit got the story you will wonder you will think after you end"
76561198048498153,Recommended,474960,25793534,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Jason,"Impressed with the story , graphics and most of the gameplay.BUT know this before you buy this game.The combat is very very poorly made. You cannot shoot from cover (Hipfire) , and when you get out of cover and aim, you instantly get up and ther eis no animation of you getting up THEN poin the gun then shoot. THis is not suppose to happen to any modern combat shooting games.I can tell this game is more made for story telling , cinematic gameplay , movie watching more than the actual cool combat action... SO i m refunding this game, because i prefer a good game with the balance in both cinematic and combat..."
76561197993849752,Recommended,474960,25828609,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,yudhistirs,BrilliantAmazingAwesomeSpectacularBreathtakingDont want to waste more time typing reviewGotta continue playing
76561197998361566,Recommended,474960,25829744,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,AtomicSamurai,im surprised!!!! good game
76561198240126132,Recommended,474960,25833107,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,au_gold_z,Same gameplay first to the end. Estimately 6 hour to complete the story(one choice).Still good game with unseen stop time scene. The character ability make you feel almighty.
,Recommended,474960,25833844,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,ricera,"It's an enjoyable ride; the story is pretty unique and well-done, the graphics are excellent (even with the temporal reconstruction thing on!), and I think having a few 20-minute TV show episodes to break things up was an alright idea.My only real problem with the game is that outside of combat, there are emails to read / tablets to pick up, and they're kind of important to understanding the story. The issue with them is that if you want to find all of them, you're probably going to walk around those story areas and spam Time Vision to find them, which kind of detracts from the flow of the game. It apparently didn't slow me down much, but the game doesn't put everything in front of you.I also really enjoyed how Jack reloads the standard pistol. It looks really familiar..."
76561197993409465,Recommended,474960,25834600,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,p0xy,"Just finished the first playthrough... Wow.  An ambitious, atmospheric game, with incredible level design and effects, great lore, fun combat, quality video interludes to fill in the story, and choices that give the game a certain amount of replayability.Reminded me a lot of my first-ever playthrough of Half-Life.Be warned it is a machine-hog.  I just checked my windows performance score and I guess my machine says it's running at a 7.6 (limited by CPU, my graphics are at 7.9).  I had to put the settings on low, and then added back in optional graphical settings to make sure they didn't impact performance.  Still thought it looked amazing."
,Recommended,474960,25840739,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Git Gud Weeb,"I 100% suggest this game to anyone that likes Single Player story, collectables and an interesting and visually detailed 3rd person combat mechanic. Quantum Break also really pushes boundry's when it comes to environment art and detail with use of lighting, destructables and atmosphere.Played this game through its story on Xbox One and vastly enjoyed it.Playing this version on PC @ 60-72 FPS Ultra Settings is very smooth.I have a GTX 1080 with AMD FX8350 and 16GB RAM for anyone that is wondering if your PC will run it with close specs to mine.Pros:- GREAT Story, mindblowing towards the end as things start to make sense.- Very Cinematic when it come's to Cinematics, Gameplay and the Episodes.- Love the TV Episodes to piece together story and let your hands rest for 20 mins.- Great Graphics.- Still love all the time bending abilities and effects.- Still great to play a 2nd time, like watching GoT over and over you realise things that you didn't before that tease to the ending.- Overall great polished game.Cons:- Gameplay is at over 60fps for me but some cinematics seem to lock at 30fps or have audio sync issues and FPS drops when loading some of these cinematics.- Remember a graphical bug at a part in a mission where a portavan/container was invisible for a few seconds that happened again."
,Recommended,474960,25865133,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,silentalan,Good game! Just enioy it!
76561198079018648,Recommended,474960,25890920,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Robin360CZ,"fantastic game, Alan Wake was masterpiece, this one is almost as good as Alan Wake, in parts, it is maybe even better"
76561197968788451,Recommended,474960,25892476,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,n0b3dience,"Best expository-note-reading sim EVER!Seriously though, I really did enjoy this game despite its flaws. Anyone who has played Alan Wake knows that Remedy can craft an excellent story and bring it to life in a cinematic way. And much of Quantum Break does this... sort of... Unfortunately, there's a lot of the story (and I meana lot) that you have to find out by reading notes, emails, signs and so on. I seriously think that as much as 40%-50% of my play time was spent reading - to be fair, this time is a little inflated due to my dyslexia, but, even if you can read twice as fast as I do, that's stillwaytoo much time spent reading. A video game is an interactive, audio-visual medium so when you have to get large chunks of exposition by reading office memos and emails it really pulls you out of the game. On numerous occasions the pacing and storyline momentum came to a screeching halt when I'd open a door only to find a room full of bulletin boards tacked with notes, memos on desks and open computers, all flashing, all telling me, ""Hey! Know that action-packed story you were really getting into? Well, buckle up 'cause here's 30 minutes of reading all about it!"" And far too often I found that I'd have to be reading these itemswhileI was supposed to be following another character. ""Oh, yeah, I know we're kinda in hurry to get out of this building before that corporate-mercenary death-squad breaks down the door and kills us both, but first I just gotta check a few multi-page memos and read through a half dozen emails full of exposition.""What's upsetting is that the storyisreally good; it just feels like they weren't given enough time to create the game that they wanted and were forced to shoe-horn in half the story in text format into the game they had so far. The plot is engaging, the acting is excellent and I even liked the idea of watching 4 20-minute live-action ""episodes"" between the acts that can go one of two ways depending on the choice you make before the episode. The shooting portion of the gameplay, while I found enjoyable, was nothing special - the game's strength is in its story. I just really wish they had taken out 80% of notes, emails, etc. and put that information into the dialogue, gameplay and cut-scenes.On the technical side, the game runs alright. Apparently, when the game was first released as a ""Universal Windows App"" - a phrase I hope toneverhear again in the same sentence as a AAA game title (sorry, Gears of War Ultimate Edition; sadly, your ill fate was established before you were even released) - it used DirectX 12 and ran like absolute garbage. Now, a few patches later and a switch to DirectX 11, the game has been released from its purgatory on the Windows Store and can be sold on Steam, and it runs far better than it did. That's not to say that it runs really well - I'm running it on a system with an R9 390 GPU, an Intel 4790K 4.0 GHz CPU and 32 GB of RAM at a resolution of 1920x1080 and I had to turn down several settings from their max just to get it running at a stable 50 fps or more. By default, the game is set to render at a lower resolution and upscale to the resolution you choose, and even has a tip next to the setting that tries to dissuade you from turning it off. The scaling doesn't look terrible but it's not as crisp as I'd like it. I don't know exactly what resolution it renders at when scaling up to 1920x1080 but I found using it can add anywhere from 10-25fps to its performance. It's, no doubt, a graphically demanding game (just look at the trailers), and, while it performs far better now than it did on release (at least from what I've read, and if you doubt me I suggest you look it up for yourself), it's not as well optimized as I'd hoped, but if you have the hardware it’s definitely playable and will look better than it does on console.I will recommend this game, but, unless you've been dying to play it, I'd wait until the price drops to ~$32 or less. It's a great game but its flaws are far too glaring to ignore."
,Recommended,474960,26006826,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,LS.ibelieve,"Do you like engaging third person shooters with pinpoint mechanics?This is not the game for you.Do you like RPG style character powers and progression?This is not the game for you.Do you like final bossfights with more instagibs than any darksouls boss?This may be the game for you.Do you like an engrossing story, good acting and a plot that draws you in?This is the game for you.Overall, the least enjoyable part of this game for me was the gameplay. Its clunky and unrefined, linear and annoying at parts, but it gets you from story point A to story point B with beautiful visuals and imagery along the way. And the story part is where this game shines anyway. The plot may be have been done before, but, damn, its done well in Quantum Break. I actually felt emotionally attached to some characters and felt like the decisions I made at parts had weight. As a game, this product is terrible, as a story telling vehicle, Quantum Break is easily one of the best game purchases Ive made in years. Buy it when it's on sale (20$ or so) its worth a couple tickets to the movies.TL:DR Gameplay is mediocre, story is excellent. 8/10"
,Recommended,474960,26093157,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,SuperCamper31,"I'm really surprised how underated this game is. It's a shame that the high system specs have cast this game in a bad light because it is seriously one of the better games this generation. The storytelling is amazing, and I kept thinking how awesome it was that a dev had the balls to tell a story that was so confident, and even shocking at times.As for performance, it does require a killer system, but that's because this game is processing some of the most intense graphics and effects I've ever seen. It could be a touch more optimized, but the truth is that it's just a high end game with high requirements. I have a Titan X Pascal so I'm in the minority, but PC gaming used to have games like this all the time where most people with average systems struggled to play them on Utra.It's worth it even on low settings, which should cover most PC gamers, and it still looks amazing. So, don't let any negativity keep you from playing. It is freaking great."
,Recommended,474960,26116358,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Ripj4ws,What a fantastic game!!!!???
76561198077312809,Recommended,474960,26120299,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Ri Je,"Great game, splays smooth and didnt find any glitches.playing around with the time abilities give you the oppertunity to approach every situation differently."
,Recommended,474960,28902107,Posted: 1 January,all,Mens Rea,"Play on easy to feel like a superhero, the way I remember Max Payne games. I honestly appreciate all the hard work that went into this game, but alas their marketing sucked, if only this game was released on Steam first. I wish the budget that went into show (which actually was awesome with a bit of character development as well) went into extending the length a little further. I also wish we had the chance to fight a shifter.The game is beatuifully crafted, I understood that this was a Sam Lake game with all the yellow piping and scafolding he's so fond off. I love the guy. Took me back to when I played Max Payne the first time. I also wish this game wasn't a ♥♥♥♥♥ with choices and let us kill good family men with wives and children just so I could enjoy killing people who have everything I could never have. haha it's like they're taunting you with all their kind happy lives...If you're reading this please come back, I miss you.10/10 would be reminded of my failed relationships again."
,Recommended,474960,32632018,Posted: 21 June,all,LawlMan236,Quantum Break is was a pretty fun game for me. If you like a heavy story game where your decisions matter than its great! Also lots of collectables to find.
,Recommended,474960,26055300,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,CzechDeath,"Pretty solid game with some nice ideas...It seriously missed an oportunity to implement stealth mechanics and some non lethal way to dispatch the enemies.I'm mentioning that because whole game is quite realistic as for audio visual stilisation. All that contrast with very videogamy way of killing dosens of surprisingly well fleshed out ""enemies"" which I honestly felt sorry for and was asking my self the whole game, if it is really nesecery to kill all the employees of not so evil corporation.Main character expresses disqust when he encounters a hallway full of killed henchmen, which somebody else took out. WHY? he just killed 20 guys a 10 minutes ago...The fact that enemies are ridiculous bullet sponges does not help the gameplay experience either...It just feels like something else that somebody twisted in to THE SHOOTER.Production quality is top notch, the tv show parts are also cool and it was not as bother some to stop and watch them as I expected.There is walls upon walls of text of emails to be found everywhere, and while those really have interesting info, further establishing the story and enriching the world at times it was just too much. Where are the very effective audio logs? Why games dont do that anymore?Definetly very Interesting game, very Remedy typical, but not their strongest player."
,Recommended,474960,28976755,Posted: 3 January,all,OSIRIS,look the story is great but short took me 8 hrs To complete itimagine a telltale game with more gameplay
,Recommended,474960,29339727,Posted: 18 January,all,John,One of the best games I ever played!
76561197992407837,Recommended,474960,29794398,Posted: 8 February,all,Bloodknight,"Just finished the game.this is kind of a difficult review...The story is good, the background story is good.I finished the game mostly for those aspect.The control are 'meh' and the last boss figh is kind of terrible.(Never really died during the game (or few) and I died 10 times+ at the boss)At least, the game isn't that long (about 10 hours if you explore and try to get things).Therefore, I am still recommending the game for 30$ let say, but paying 50$+ is a bit much IMO."
,Recommended,474960,27206535,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,cabooskins,"Loved this game. I feel as though ill probably only replay it once or twice, but it was honestly surprisingly deep. The premise is different, and I feel they really nailed it, especially tying it together with a show."
76561198081468080,Recommended,474960,26828316,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Levos,"Oh no, the time egg was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ :("
76561197973774356,Recommended,474960,25828300,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,EdDantes,An amazing sci-fi game at an unbeatable price. Cool action with a compelling mix of game and real life video. Love it!
,Recommended,474960,34097520,Posted: 8 August,all,"Destroy, Erase, Improve",Well that was interesting. I must admit I have walked away with a few mixed feelings about this game but still I really enjoyed it.PROS:-Amazing graphics-Really fun gunplay-Actors were excellent-Amazing environments. The amount of detail to everything was really quite an achievement-Good replayability-The depicition of time being all messed up was just incredible-Good balance of story and action-Good campaign length-Easter eggs for Alan Wake... One of my all time favourite games-I thought it ran really good considering how far this game pushes graphicsCONS:-Often confusing story line leaving you scratching your head about what it all meant-Live action was ok. But I would prefer if it had remained in CGI type graphics. Personal preference...-Buffering of the live action sequences was really frustrating. And thats on Australian NBN!!!-Doesnt save often enough placing you pretty far back in a level after death-There is a good book worth of reading in this game. This constant stopping to read can be frustrating. Not really my thing...-Crappiest V-sync I've come across since Dead Space. Turned it off and put up with minor screen tearing insteadI would play it again down the track. At least to change my decisions. Its certainly is showing us the future of PC gaming. The developers should be very proud of this game. Quite the achievement!
76561198040570203,Recommended,474960,28209082,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Duli,"I finally had the recommended PC Speccs to be able to play this game. And I have to say it was worth it. If you are interested in a Heavy Story driven Game with a lot of shooting in it than this is your game. Some parts are tricky but with some cleverness easy doable, the game also give after while tipps what to look for to get it done. Most of all - Real Life Videos in between with other characters but same story. Very Well done and I look forward for a continuation. This is for me the future gaming as it should be.It is also worth it to play a 2nd time with different decisions you make which gives diversity. Awesome awesome"
,Not Recommended,474960,32210906,Posted: 5 June,all,jardon,This game wasn't that good. I like the concept of messing with time and the gameplay was fun but it wasn't worth it. The story was boring and the choices you make don't even effect the ending of the game. The boss fights are boring and repetitive. I wouldn't recommend this game becauase it's boring and I wasted $20 and almost 7 hours on it.
,Recommended,474960,32870399,Posted: 27 June,all,Simbiat,"The only actual complaint I have is blurry, yet unoptimized graphics. In terms of story-telling and gameplay - I enjoyed it quite a lot."
,Recommended,474960,25878041,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Altolion,This game is gorgeous.  A must buy in my opinion.
,Recommended,474960,29561813,Posted: 29 January,all,KeNshiN`,"i finished the game. its 7/10quite sad with the graphic, even on ultra settings its still like a low settings.the story gave me a lot of emotions.so, it worth to get it if its on sale."
,Recommended,474960,32844462,Posted: 26 June,all,Dinomax | opskins.com,This game is one of the best games I have ever played and it has a realy good story with a lot of cutscenes.
,Recommended,474960,32803540,Posted: 25 June,all,ethereal,"BUY THIS GAME NOW.It doesn't matter if it's on sale or not.This is the most thematically and experientially unique, as well as thoroughly *fun* game I've played in recent memory, possibly ever.Pros:- Deep, mind-blowing plot- Dynamic, relatable characters that you care about- Fun-but-functional gameplay mechanics- Absolutely gorgeous- These guys made Alan Wake.Cons:- Some cutscenes are locked at 30fps, but most go up to 144- This game requires a *lot* of processing power to look so good.- Live-action scenes are streamed, you may experience buffering issues.- Has Microsoft attached to it somehow."
,Recommended,474960,32783751,Posted: 25 June,all,SMOKEY,Awesome graphic. Good gameplay so far. Reminds me of Alan Wake. Going to spend a lot of time on this game.
,Recommended,474960,25849653,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,claiminglight,"Thumb sideways.• Combat is clunky. Auto-cover liks to snap you to places you don't want to be and keep you from leaving. The dodge button is the same as the run button, which forces you to hold the button down for a good two seconds before you can start running. Not only is this annoying-- but the intense number of grenades you'll encounter will make youreallystart to wish you could communicate more quickly with your legs.• For a game that bills itself as a Choose Your Own Adventure, the choices you make matter very little. Since this is a game about determinism, you might be able to pretend this is an artistic choice. It isn't. At best it's an attempt to offer false choice in an effort to immerse you. At worst it's a clever marketing ploy to fake a larger scope. Probably it's both.• The game bills itself as a hybrid tv show. The 'TV show' has next to nothing to do with the player. It follows the exploits of a cast of characters that affect nothing you do in the game, have little impact on the world, and who aren't really affected by whatyoudo either. Sure. on occasion, a 5-second scene might get added to ths show as a shout-out for a collectable you found. But these silly scenes add nothing to the story (at all) and mostly function as a poorly concieved fourth-wall break.• Most of the actors in the 'tv show' are poorly cast, but you'd occasionally find a good one. Sadly , the good ones usually just made the main cast look even worse. Shout out to the protagonist though. He was rarely in the tv show-- but he did well when he was.• A massive plot hole that breaks the whole narrative is covered over with a sheet. That sheet is the 'promise' of a sequel. That promise is just an attempt to make up for the writers having painted themselves into a corner (And, just to be clear, the plot hole isn't a nitpick. It's abigdeal).• Lastly, and perhaps this is just taste, but stories about determinism are silly. How can you root for a protragonist who's 100% guaranteed to succeed? And not just along a cynical 'the hero always wins' line of thinking. I'm saying that within the context of the story itself he's certain to succeed.--And yet, despite all of that, I played it through to the end. There must have been something there to keep me going. This game would look pretty bad on a data sheet of dos and don'ts, but I still played it through. I even enjoyed it at times. YMMV."
,Recommended,474960,25835480,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Keaney,Its pretty damn good man
76562198009681869,Recommended,474960,25805034,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,βõä ҢẫŊ€םςҜ,So Cool.
76561197974961727,Recommended,474960,25916432,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Manu77,"Would love steam to allow for neutral opinions.The good parts: time powers, solid story with interesting choices, filmed contents (consider like watching 5 episodes of a show you are deep involved with).The good parts are really good and they did spend a lot of time and effort on these.So why o why is the action solely about shooting all the para military people around? If they had made something like Deus Ex, you would have got probably the best game of the year. Hell, people might even have got to the Windows store to buy it. But no, you need to shoot your way through thousands of enemies and I don't know why. At being a shooter, the game is average.I think the metacritic is accurate. 6/10 sounds right. I like the story but it is a drag to go through the fights. Can't imagine myself replaying the game again to check the other choices."
,Recommended,474960,25786088,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Krupted Peasant,"It's an interesting title. Not perfect but enough of a diversion from typical shooters and I actually enjoy the tv show, so far. I'll update after I finish."
76561197970381432,Recommended,474960,25891824,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Aspic,"Overall, an excellent stroy-driven shooter - I really enjoyed it.The story is key.  A bit like to Back to the Future (but without the comedy and more sci-fi), the combination of narrative and relatively straightforward shooting urges you on to see what develops.  Yes the shooting bits aren't very challenging, but playing around with the time powers are fun - and thats what games are about right? The live action sequences don't add much to the gameplay, but again they develop the narrative and draws you in.  At 13 hours on normal difficulty to me it also isn't too much of a time sink - an important factor to those who don't have tonnes of time to game and can only spare an hour or two a day.There aren't that many good story-driven shooters any more, but this is definitely one of them.  Worth picking up."
,Recommended,474960,28806063,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Mr. Andrew,"QUANTUM BREAK – REVIEWGraphics (Environment 9/10, Models 9/10)9/10Animations10/10User Interface10/10Sound9/10Music9/10Story9/10Gameplay8/10Inovation8/10TOTAL SCORE9/// »A Movie That You Actually Play«Quantum Break is all about - the story experience. So knowing that, I advise you to know 'as little as possible' about it. If you can forgive or take aside that this is 'not' a third person non-linear, open world or sandbox game, you will enjoy it a lot more.The story is really intense with dramatic & mind twisting changes and it 'only gets better' with your progress. Animated cutscenes are really impressive, looking graphically almost too realistic. But that wouldn't be possible without Aidan Gillen (for many known as lord Baelish from the TV series Game of Thrones) that has done a 'tremendous work', playing as one of the main characters.There is quite a lot of reading in the game (texts & emails on computers, mobiles, tablets, etc.), but I advise you not to skip it, because it explains many details and goes 'hand in hand' with the story. At the end of each act there is about 20 minutes long TV movie part. It could be 'a bit changed' along with some other parts of the story with your decisions at 'junction points' – you get a choice which way you want to progress with the 'main antagonist' of the game.Because you were exposed to the chronon radiation at the Fracture of Time, you'll get new 'time manipulating powers'. They are fun & enjoyable, especially at the beginning of the game, but the other part of combat isn't that revolutionary at all; using quite ordinary guns & a cover method. You'll be using 'time vision' a lot if you'll want to find all collectibles (for upgrading your time powers) and other narrative objects.This game is a true 'eye candy'. It looks graphically amazing, probably one of the best I have seen in the games so far. With their own new game engine it will bring you an astonishing visual experience to see time fractures & pulsing stutters around you. But on the other hand, you'll need a high performance PC if you'll want play at maxed settings; with a geforce gtx 1060 6 gb & 16 gb ram I wasn't able to have a smooth experience on ultra settings without upscaling.The game also has some environmental puzzles, but nevertheless it is - a heavy character & story driven game. So, if you're looking for a game with rich story that looks visually amazing, you won't be disappointed.Replay value:NOT really.Recommended:Yes, but even better ON SALE!"
,Recommended,474960,32593416,Posted: 20 June,all,Atridess,Good rich story and exillent gameplay experience.
,Recommended,474960,32160354,Posted: 3 June,all,qck` 💕,This game is absolutely stunning. The choices you make between each chapter really influence the game. The best part of it all is that you trigger different live action sequences which could be a movie on their own. 10/10
,Recommended,474960,30976838,Posted: 6 April,all,horner.tj,"I really like the concept of how your actions in the game influence what happens in the show. The show also gives you a nice little break between acts so there's not constant action (of course, you can skip the episodes if you really want constant action),I overall recommend this game, but be warned: even with top-notch hardware, some of the game's animations are locked at 30FPS, and the cutscenes are also locked to 30FPS for some god damn reason (they aren't pre-rendered)."
,Recommended,474960,27249352,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,🅳🅾🅶🅴,WowMuch  timeVery confuseSo nice graphicWow
,Recommended,474960,34220537,Posted: 13 August,all,Captain Garbage of the USS Trash,"There's not much I can say that wouldn't feel like spoilers. Don't wait to play this. Don't wait for a sale, don't read other people's opinions, quit reading my review. I don't know how, or why, this game flew under the radar, and I think it's a travesty that it's got a Metacritic score of 66. There are some *minor* port issues with textures, here and there, but ♥♥♥♥ that. This game is beautiful, fun, and a work of art. Seriously, just play it."
,Not Recommended,474960,34876732,Posted: 10 September,all,Spikex8,"The best part of the game is when you aren't playing it. What I mean by that is the between mission TV spots that you watch. I really enjoyed the story and cinematics but the actual gameplay did absolutely nothing for me, I also played on the highest difficulty and the final boss was incredibly poorly designed due to a ground targeted ability you need to avoid which is red - and nearly impossible to see if you've taken any damage because that makes your screen red. Yeah. I nearly quit the game at the final boss. My recommendation would be to just watch the cinematics on youtube or something."
76561198061609319,Recommended,474960,34885470,Posted: 11 September,all,amr.kassem,"This game is simply amazing. Great story, amazing graphics, and fun gameplay. It's totally underrated. I personally don't like Microsoft, but this is solid title."
,Recommended,474960,34876888,Posted: 10 September,all,rohitnrock,"The story is insane!! You'll be like ""WTF!!!""Awesome gameplay! Awesome graphics!! Totally recommend!"
,Recommended,474960,26765427,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Izzy1775 | Twitch,The fact that its part video series and part videogame is awsome but it felt like most of the game was a video series. Now they say that a choice that you make changes the outcome of how the story will play out and it does just in a minor way which disapointed me. The changes were very small like the college student you can either go harsh or do a campign the only difference between the two is that you get the hippie chick or the taxi driver everything else remains the same. but over all the story is sooo rich i was just dissapointed on what i was expecting with the whole choices algorithem which in the game they emphazize that you cant change the future so im guessing thats why theres only one ending but common man theres always a way there has to be!
,Recommended,474960,25935892,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Pennycook,"Quantum Break is one of the best games I've played this year, and I am baffled by its 62/100 metacritic score.  It's great, and everybody should play it.Much like Alan Wake, the gameplay can be broken down into two mechanics: 1) walking around talking to people and looking for hidden ""narrative objects""; and 2) shooting things that are trying to kill you.  The shooting parts are enjoyable enough thanks to Jack's time powers, but they're standard fare -- it's in its story elements that Quantum Break really shines, and the attention to detail in the narrative objects in particular is high enough to make them worth collecting.The decision to replace some cutscenes with live-action episodes is really weird, but it works better than I expected.  Seeing video game characters react to in-game choices in cutscenes is something I've come to expect from modern games, but watching real people react in exactly the same way somehow manages to feel novel.The only complaint I have (echoing many others) is that the episodes must be streamed.  I only had to wait for things to buffer once or twice, but those with slow internet connections may not be so lucky."
,Recommended,474960,34261957,Posted: 15 August,all,Serenity404,"Definitely worth a buy given it's price. It is a bit too short and combat system especially the hit registrations might use a bit of a work. Acting, graphics, scenario, storytelling, music etc. are all well done. Rather than making a movie disguised as a video game they actually went ahead and film it directly and put it into the game. It is not boring to watch a movie if you are watching a movie, it is boring to watch a videogame like a movie which is not the case here. It felt like playing the game of a TV show side by side. I loved it."
76561198005432073,Recommended,474960,34178910,Posted: 11 August,all,Khurg,"If you are looking for a game focusing heavily on story presentation, then this is the game for you.  Very well made experience.  The action seqences are solid, but nothing overly unique.  The voice acting is solid, and the TV show integration has great production values."
,Recommended,474960,33541103,Posted: 14 July,all,Escrypha,"Paul: ""We need to turn these keys at the same time.""Me: *Walks over and presses E; accidentally interacts with his laptop*Paul: ""Or, you could just read through my personal emails. That works, too.""Lame jokes aside, I found that as a game, I don't see this working very well, and I went through this thing thoroughly, as I witnessed every choice and got every collectible I could. I even got all the achievements.Now, for starters, in certain moments, I can roll through a wide enough opening, but during others, I am forced to use the opening to blow red cans up, rather than sliding through them like I did with the others. It sucks how contextual the powers and interactions are. I would love to have also seen attention put into the smaller choices, like choosing to roll through, instead of blowing things up, alerting Monarch of my presence. :/The powers/upgrades feel limiting and unimaginative, compared to games like Saints Row IV, Prototype, or Crysis. I also felt like there were too little upgrades/powers for me to make combinations with. It feels like they didn't have enough imagination left over from the writing for the game. The plot has many layers of Krasnikov's self-consistent causal loops. That took a ton of imagination, and I even got a good laugh out of how outrageous it was that if they hadn't used the pool time machine at 7am in the morning, they wouldn't have had to use it at 7am, because their use of it at 7am caused it to require maintenance later on, preventing it from working. Hahaha!Just there, you have about 2 layers of causal loops, and it's friggin' outrageous! Where was that level of imaginative writing when developing the powers' upgrades? Where was it when they were developing the contextual stuff? The game tells me that I can use my Time Stop to momentarily ""pause"" unstable areas (shown as a shaking red temporal anomaly), yet I tried it in a certain section where the Dry Dock is collapsing multiple times, but it wouldn't work, despite there being a clear sign of it being just as unstable as the others I used it on in the past. The only option I had was to dash through. It wasn't hard to figure out, but I would love to have had more choices than just Junctions, or whether or not I collected a Quantum Ripple this time around.As a game alone, I see this at a good 4/10. The amount of inconsistensies that it comes with just urks me. It feels like forced, unimaginative level design. That's not good gameplay to represent now-current-gen titles with. This, though, is the type of game held up by its story and characters. I enjoyed my first play-through, and watching the show wasn't a pain (aside from some technical issues with connecting, despite easily being able to Stream on sites like Crunchyroll or YouTube). The episodes didn't feel too long, nor did they feel boring, especially since the Junction section just before it gives me an attachment to what the characters go through because of my choices. It was simply making me more invested. I think the show portion gets a 7/10, compared to the other shows I've seen. The production value is pretty good. The moments when certain actors aren't convincing are little, if at all present.So, in the end, I think the game alone is less than average, but the story and show hold it up. The show and game portions hold each other up. The game gets a 6/10 from me. It's slightly above average, just thanks to its writing and show portion. But I swear, if next gen games have jumping as rusty as this game's erratic jumping is, then I don't wan't to be a part of it. Gameplay-wise, it really does a poor job of representing now-current-gen games. I likely won't play it again, but it was worth two play-throughs (where I skipped everything on the second, 'cept for the different choices). I feel that the $20 price tag I paid for this game is worth it, if just for the show portion alone. 6/10!"
,Not Recommended,474960,33538308,Posted: 14 July,all,Big Smoke,I think this game is boring and too repeating because all you do is watch cutscenes and everytime you play the maps are too similar and the combat is boring
,Recommended,474960,28009356,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Vexituz,"called in sick twice, this week to play this masterpiece10/10 gonna get my salary cut again"
,Recommended,474960,34677362,Posted: 1 September,all,LowEndGamer_,It's okay. Buy it when its on sale
,Not Recommended,474960,30402740,Posted: 8 March,all,CheshireKat,1. very short game2. interesting story3. meh mechanics4. unsatisfying ending5. good graphics6. lame fights7. mediocre boss fightoverall 6.5/10
76561198027208367,Recommended,474960,25804228,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,pbg82,"Very unique game, after finishing only the first act/junction and TV show I can honestly rate this game very high. The acting is great and I love the direction of the TV show; it has a distinct videogame feel to it. What I mean is that you know you are still in a videogame, it's not like a TV show or a movie really. It has a bit of cheese but I find that positive.Pro:ActingAnimationsThe timeline screen is niceCons:The character walks really slowA little too much gun play. The story doesn't feel like it needed so much security-guard-killing imho."
,Recommended,474960,25802871,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,ArmagoN,"Recommended! Nice gameplay mechanics, and a Live action show :) Its all going on in quite a balanced way."
76561198134306890,Recommended,474960,35250655,Posted: 27 September,all,deus_extrem,This is a great game. Dont belive the negative reviews. I played it and beat it and would love to do another playthrew. Choices you make matter and the cutsceanes are to be watched and enjoyed. The time powers are cool!!
,Not Recommended,474960,29559108,Posted: 29 January,all,ShadowDancer,"A failed attempt to create a successor to Max PayneJudging Quantum Break is very hard for me. I'm a big fan of Remedy because Max Payne 1 & 2 were some of the best games I've ever played. They were extremely well designed, technically almost flawless and all in all just ahead of their time. Quantum Break clearly tries to develop the whole idea of shooting and manipulating time even further. Initially, I liked the idea of tying in a tv show which explains the backgrounds of the story, which I also found to be quite good.Yet for reasons unknown Remedy failed in almost every aspect of their endeavour. Aspects they have mastered in the past. The writing is desperatly trying to be meaningful but is mediocre at best, the tv segments are just embarrassing for actors who were previously involved with shows like The Wire or Game of Thrones and even the combat/gunplay does not feel good. Not as good as Max Payne felt at least. But where Quantum Break really falls to pieces for me is the Engine. Max Payne and Alan Wake were technical masterpieces. Not the best looking games of their time but they had this unique and polished feel which defined Remedy's games. But here the performance issues, the sluggish controls and the overall blurriness of the image are ruining the experience. All of this doesn't make Quantum Break a bad game. Often I noticed that a lot of effort went into it. But it's just not the game I hoped for. I don't know what happened to Remedy in the past years. But it was nothing good."
,Recommended,474960,26167437,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,GaNoo,"I had actually considered getting an Xbox One for this title! There are a few other games I would have also played, but Quantum Break was the deciding factor, and now since it is on PC, I don't have to buy one :DSo, is the game good? I found it incredibly enjoyable. Though sometimes confusing, but that's to be expected with any Time Travel plot! It also has decent controls, and incredible graphics(Though to get the FULL enjoyment you need a pretty top knotch PC to run Ultra, but high still looks good...and low isn't too bad, though some of the signs aren't readable due to the low resolution of the textures.The game is divided into 5 acts. throughout the game you will be called upon to make some choices which will impact the  22 minute live action ""Episode"" which follows each of the acts. You will also be presented with a screen comparing your choice with other players via a percentage rating.A nice touch is the little nods to Alan Wake scattered throughout the game. Apparently the world of Alan Wake, and the world of Quantum Break are one in the same(Also a world where everyone uses only Microsoft products, and everyone drives Nissan cars)....That's a scary world these guys live in!Overall, the game seems like a really good port, and definitely worth checking out."
,Recommended,474960,28642795,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,The last of квас,"The only thing that can be called a Game, which was released in 2016. Thank you Remedy! A year has passed not in vain."
,Recommended,474960,28350334,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Dimetos,"This is one of the best games I have played in a while, Although it costs a lot for the amount of gameplay, it was worth it. The story was amazing it really took you with the characters. I even felt sad for some, with some of the best plot twist and you get choices to make, which will change the story partly. The graphics were amazing and the fact that they got some well known actors for it was amazing. The sort of TV serie at the end made it look like you were playing a movie together with a game."
76561198052957061,Not Recommended,474960,31864713,Posted: 20 May,all,MARSH.,What is this trash slow paced slow moving controls. story plays out like a scifi channel half budget B movie. i loved Alan Wake. but this dude this  ive tried over and over to play and only get 10 mins in get bored and frustrated with graphics controls and characters and end up turning it off.
,Recommended,474960,28339082,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Belldandy,Sci-fi time bending interactive storytelling mixed with Alan Wake and live action cutscenes.Best played an episode at a time at least a day apart.
,Recommended,474960,29432437,Posted: 22 January,all,Kotcha,"Game runs smoothly on my machine without too many glitches or crashes. The plot is very decent and the gameplay is good enough to play on keyboard and mouse. Be aware that you can finish the game in less than 10 hours. Also a good third of that time is watching cinematics, either with in game engine or videos that they shot like a TV show with the actors for the motion capture. It makes the game way more immerssive and I liked it but some people might get bored watching so much instead of playing. Combat is really fun and the powers are satisfying. I would recommend for 20€ or less."
76561198069637911,Recommended,474960,32099957,Posted: 31 May,all,NiGHTSfan,i love the story of this game its a really good story i also like the concept of a reality tv show within the game thats a nice touch and the graphics are really great too.  i also love the time control thing its lots of fun to use and i enjoy the physics of the game theyre simple and easy also the combat is really smooth.
76561198152676852,Not Recommended,474960,34427211,Posted: 22 August,all,xXRedBaronXx,This game is not all that bad just not worth the price there selling it at..they should of just make a movie out of it instead of putting in a 30min movie video after each chapter!Alot of renown and good actors in this game however its lacking something just dont know what it is...6/10
76561197998817722,Not Recommended,474960,26754545,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,sparton2142,"I really wanted to play this. Thought that it would be beter now that it is on Steam with DX11. Nope still has major issues. Major stutters and FPS drops. Tried all settings even on low. Going to try this on the Windows Store now, might have better luck with DX12"
76561198152038619,Not Recommended,474960,26756942,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Canuck TRKY,This game offers a very interesting and well-developed story that eventually ruins its self. The money put towards the live video and the story line made the actual gameplay very weak. With many spots where your character can get stuck and having to rewatch 3-5 min videos just to fight one of the tough characters every time you die. This game is amazing in concept but very weak in actual play through.Simplistic ReviewStory Line: AGraphics: A+Gameplay: FMy main issue with this game it that there was a lot of effort obviously put into it but I find myself regretting having to play the game parts just to enjoy the movie parts.
76561198005347228,Not Recommended,474960,28644837,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kibatsu,"High production value, good cast, but still failed to captivate me. :/"
,Recommended,474960,28648192,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Sergeant Scorpio,"Ambitious, story-driven, and beautiful despite some framerate issues, I found myself riveted by this game and having fun. If you don't like games where you need to read documents to understand the story and build the world, this isn't for you. But if you're a fan of Remedy's work and you like things that are story-driven, this will be perfect.While not as strong as Alan Wake was to me, I will definitely be playing this game again to make all the opposite decisions from the ones I chose and to explore its fun combat system. The use of time powers is smooth and does not face many of the issues earlier games with similar concepts did.The cast is stellar and the voice acting is just as good as you would expect it to be from Remedy, who has always been far ahead of their time with that."
,Recommended,474960,27815908,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ExorCisT,"That free game you got from buying a whole season of American TV series, Pretty good right?"
,Not Recommended,474960,28509959,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Zapek,"Could have been a good game but these have been a setback for me:- the rendering engine gives you the choice between upscaling (pixelated look) or slow framerate, even with a powerful configuration. This kills the immersion- the episode series (basically 3 x 30 minutes videos) brings nothing to the game, except long pauses. If you think Metal Gear was annoying, Quantum Break is even worse- the end boss has a tendency to throw random bombs that can't be avoided if you're on the wrong side of the room. After dying a dozen times in a row without being able to do anything yourself, you'll really start to hate the game- there's way too much clichés applied to the characters and not enough development. The story starts well but then completely stalls. There was so many ways to make it interesting with weird quantum physics and time travel but instead it becomes boring with heroes stuck with their cliché features- some combat parts are good but again, ruined by too many cut scenesDon't bother and play something like Max Payne 3 which gets it right."
76561198267199765,Not Recommended,474960,25995168,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,ithinkpcgame,"bought it this morning, played it and danggg why i can't chose the resolution? i have r9 390 all my game can be played well on ultra 1080 with 50++ fps but unlike this one stuttering a lot. i wish they will update this soon"
,Recommended,474960,25775462,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,ActionOfLost,* Good and complexe story.* Awesome graphics.* Runs smooth with all high (GTX 970).[I'll update the review when I complete the game]
76561197976660493,Recommended,474960,25779338,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,AllTernative,"Thankfully they released the game on steam after the Windows Store release turned out to be a massive turd. I'm currently in the second episode / act. Exactly like I imagined it to be. I thought it won't immerse me like Alan Wake did, but boy, was I wrong - I'm already hooked. Speaking of Alan Wake: the gameplay and story telling is on par and there are some eastereggs I didn't expect, which really dropped by mouth.Performance is fine on GTX 1070 / 3570K (60-120 FPS with everything on High; the lowest I got was probably 50 FPS). I don't think this version suffers the problems the Windows Store version did. The Show-part of the game is well made and fun to watch. Overall it's a typical Remedy game. If you liked Max Payne and Alan Wake, you'll like Quantum Break aswell. Can only recommend. At 37€ it's a total steal."
76561198002200924,Recommended,474960,25797375,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Shia LaBeouf 1994,10/10
,Recommended,474960,29679600,Posted: 3 February,all,Overdrive Shuo,"After Alanwake, Remedy shows me a bloody great game. Nice skills and shotting."
,Recommended,474960,25790899,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Tiparium,"Excellent game, fun story, great gameplay. My only complaint is that it's pretty short.Verdict: Good game, wait for a 25% or greater sale."
76561197965046644,Recommended,474960,26748470,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,DarkSnakeSoul,"=========The Good=========1. Rather interesting story with a lot of hidden items and lore to help push the story2. Love the whole live action as the setting and costumes look really awesome3. A fun mix of abilities to use4. Love Aidan Gillen acting========The Bad========1. Felt short2. Enemies felt lacking and not very interesting3. The choice factor didn't feel very impactful as hinted to be. Was hoping a more cause and effect where if you choose one path you may see more enemies or even changes to the layout while another path could reduce the enemies.4. cutscenes were rather long, would be an awesome tv show but having it mixed with gameplay didn't help and felt like it was just dragging it a bit, would of preferred more ingame missions then live action 30 min cutscenes=========Suggestion=========1. Play on hard for the first run through trust me easy and normal are too simple2. If your picking your games carefully due to tight on cash. I would recommend waiting for a sale as the amount of replay is very lacking and you will breeze through the game likely in a few hours."
,Recommended,474960,25828340,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,S*,"Ive never written a review for a game on steam, but after a few hours in Quantum Break I cant go on without saying this game has blown all expectations I had - everything about it is fantastic.It looks better than anything I think ive ever played and the experience is emmensly unique.Delighted to see it on Steam and in Dx11, loving every moment. Try this game you will most likely be very satisfied."
76561198033487878,Recommended,474960,32110739,Posted: 1 June,all,WithFieryTruth,"I beat this game 20 years from now. The graphics are kinda crappy compared to the Alpha release of Half-Life 3 that came out a couple of months ago, but the excellent voicework and script make it well worth playing."
,Recommended,474960,31684285,Posted: 11 May,all,mr pengu,story is amazing i want them to make a second one as i felt like was n the game as jack joyce
76561198213183469,Recommended,474960,32035600,Posted: 28 May,all,AtlasG4,"Quick to end, but was a memorable experience with a mild amount of replayability.  Powers were responsive and held weight in combat, but required a bit of planning.  Would recommend at a pricetag of $30, though. Should this game go on sale, dont let it pass."
76561197987131823,Recommended,474960,25796142,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Seth,Great game enjoyed every second of it. Ran perfectly without a single crash. Definately glad I bought it on release.
,Recommended,474960,28634039,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,[玉] EGGNogg™,When your'e playing it u feel AGRESSIVE!
,Recommended,474960,33079824,Posted: 1 July,all,The Jolly Roger,Great
,Recommended,474960,25850064,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,DEARIE,GOOD GAME
76561198067357744,Recommended,474960,25877228,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,McDonald Trumpet,"Pros:Aidan GillenAmazing GraphicsBrilliant story,very nice characters and a good endingThe idea of showing the antagonist side prespective as wellSurprisingly lovely and high quality liveaction showsGreat actorsChanges in stroyline based on your choicesPretty cool gameplay thanks to the amazing time powersLovely sound works and musicsA very good port(in the current state ofc)High replay valueDid I mention amazing graphics?!Oh wait!Aidan Gillen again!------Cons:Gameplay is somewhat a little easyAlthough choices matter in the storyline,they dont seem to rly effect the ending(Idk for sure though cuz I had one playthrough)could be longercould have better bossfights and why didnt we fight dat shady Dr.Kim :c------Overall it was way better than I expected cuz I thought this liveaction shows idea would fail but honestly it turned out so good.This was a job well done by Remedy and Lake and its a shame it got so underrated.Its one of the best story based games in the last few years(and probably the best time control one in history) so give it a go you wont regret it!"
76561197971990552,Not Recommended,474960,33447672,Posted: 10 July,all,EddieTireBiter,"I really hated this game.  It's mostly a movie.  If I wanted to watch a movie I would watch a movie.   Out of the three hours I 'played'  I'm guessing it was less than an hour of actually playing the game.  Cut out the movies, it would be an ok game.   Cut out the game I think it would be almost an ok movie.  Mix them togeather and I hate the conbination."
,Recommended,474960,31447324,Posted: 29 April,all,Делаем SEX,"Honestly best game I've ever played, gameplay is something extraordinary, it's impossible to describe it, you should just feel it, the story is really amusing and unpredictable, the only problem I've found recently is that on full graphics options the game sometimes looks a bit with dots, but this is only if we ""peer"" at the game, inserts with real people look wonderful, I think this is how a succesful game must be 10/10"
,Recommended,474960,31774406,Posted: 15 May,all,Maximus,Let me start by state perhaps this is not a 10/10 game but due to the unfair reviews on this StorePage i feel i should rate it this way.this is a 8.5/10 game mainly because it focused way more on watching the videos or reading the journals than playing actually playing the game. here i mean you probably will have to use your powers and guns in a fight like 10 times throughout its 10 hrs campaign.However the story is compelling and it's still an awesome action/adventure game.It's a great story (may be too focused on watching episodes) and your skills make a fun gameplay.Story:9/10Graphics: 9/10Gameplay: 8/10Actual game time: 8/10
,Recommended,474960,25785850,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Vermilion Wlad,"Pretty short and pretty easy, but it's cheap and the story is pretty solid.The whole game is slathered in motion blur, but other than that it looks great."
,Not Recommended,474960,28847107,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Matak3000,"Choices don't do anything for the story, it's just a linear storyline with slightly changed dialogue more than anything. Think of the recent horrible Telltale games, that's what it's like. with extremely overdone graphics.This game is nothing more than an excuse to make a high resolution movie. The medium graphics setting is better than most recent games ultra, which is why this game is larger than GTA V by just over a GB, despite being a completely linear shooter.After each act, you get to sit through a 20 minute video, for you to follow the story properly, and to actually see the impact your choices make on the story (Which, like mentioned earlier, don't actually exist, the effect is only really seen in these videos and has no effect on the story beyond that). I got bored, pressed the right arrow key to see how much time was left (This opens the media controls) and it skipped for no reason, so I basically have no idea what's going on in the story or what happened as a result of my choice, I just gave up at that point, I'd rather not sit through an hour of boring gunfights followed by 20 minutes of watching a video just to know whats going on.Don't waste your money. Do what the developers wanted you to do and watch it like a movie. It's honestly better to watch someone else play it than to sit there bored to tears.I'll be getting a refund and my 70GB of hard drive space back."
76561198001300277,Not Recommended,474960,35199393,Posted: 25 September,all,davehnz,Great cinematics (story and the streaming movies) but a terrible experience in terms of actual gameplay and often frustrating.
,Not Recommended,474960,34057784,Posted: 6 August,all,Zoggez,Could been alot better. Laggy combat even on newer systems. Combat is almost the same all the time. Very long cut scenes. Really bad checkpoint system where you have to do things over and over again if you fail. 4/10.
,Recommended,474960,26206855,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Ozzi,The game has a great story the collectables give you points to upgrade your skills and most of the text ones help better explain the story. There is a clip at the end of the credits after completeing the game which explains a bit but still makes you question if there will be a second game.
76561198058077735,Not Recommended,474960,34086583,Posted: 7 August,all,MashPoTaTo,"This game has potentional, its shame that i have to give it thump down due to the issues and crashes that the game has. I cant say anyting about the game play beceasue the game crash at Act1.I have 980ti SLI and i7-6700K and yet i cant play the game. I tried all the solution out there and the game keep crashing at the same eaxact place and time.Its bad to see this work of art is wasted beacuse of bad porting."
,Recommended,474960,25830899,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,HxCrab,It might not be a fun game but it worth 40 bucks.
,Recommended,474960,25873072,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,TwistedLogic,"At first glance, Quantum Break is a cover-based shooter ported over from some Microsoft-based system that apparently also does games... sort of. At second glance.. oooo, I recognise those very nicely modelled and animated characters... those are some familiar faces...From there, the distractions keep coming up one after another; This plot is actually interesting and feels like I might be able to affect what happens in it. None of the simple puzzles throughout the game are pushed into your face so hard you can smell the logic like some games, so you can usually feel like you have figured them out mostly on your own. There is limited exploration, which actually keeps the levels nice and tight, focusing the story forward... and that is the main distraction.. the story is rather good.Split into a gameplay segment, then a live-action mini-series, then back to a game segment, the story is told in two really interesting ways. The player can affect the live action part of the story by making a few select different choices during the gameplay side of things. I won't lie and say this is better than ANY moral choice system/multiple ending plot any game has ever done. IT is not as far as I can tell so far. What it DOES do... is it knows how far to go and then polishes that aspect to fit in really nicely with the rest of the game, rather than get crowbar'd in last minute. The actors do a fantastic job in both sides of the game and I think that dual-media style actually makes this a hard-to-put-down title.I keep saying there are distractions in this game.. and I say that purely because the combat is almost generic, but with a few unique aspects. Without spoiling much, the character abilities are nicely thought out, well done and fairly original. Everything ties so neatly around this though, that it is a very slight smudge on an otherwise shining title.I'm trying not to spoil things at all here, so sorry if this lacks detail or consistency, but I would recommend this game for fans of narrative driven stories with action sprinkles."
,Not Recommended,474960,32334100,Posted: 10 June,all,Jaihyun,Pooly optimized. I refunded this.
,Recommended,474960,32238795,Posted: 7 June,all,thatpower,The best game i have ever played!(at least this is awesome compared to CSGO and Geometry Dash)
76561197972915932,Not Recommended,474960,33586732,Posted: 16 July,all,Andy,"If you like watching 20+ minute cutscenes instead of actually playing, then this is the game for you. If you like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics, then by all means, buy it! If you like bad combat and crappy handling of your character, then look no further!Otherwise, steer clear! I have nothing positive to say about the game. And I almost forgot - it crashes a lot on Windows 10 - one time it even caused a reboot..."
,Recommended,474960,32739270,Posted: 24 June,all,duhanolmez,"oynadığım en iyi hikayeye sahip olan oyunlardan biriydi. grafik, genel anlatım, olay örgüsü baya iyiydi. ancak karar verme mekanizmasının oyuna etkileri sadece iki seçenek arasında oynadığınız senaryoyu değiştiriyor, onun haricinde oyun mekaniklerinde çok fazla bir karar verme imkanı bırakmıyor.uzun zamandır bu şekilde hikayesiyle beni içine çeken bir oyun oynamamıştım, iyi oldu, iliklerim ısındı.------one of the best games i played according to its story line. overall graphics, story-telling and plot-explanations were good. yet the decision making mechanisim is only about selecting one out of two choices between episodes, there is no effect or chance of making decisions during the gameplay.for a looong time, i did not play such game which draws me into its story. my hairs warmed.grafik (graphics) 9/10hikaye (story) 9/10ses (audio) 7/10oynanış (gameplay) 8/10"
,Recommended,474960,26064910,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Brazzers,不由自主的想起Stein Gate，太jb吊了
76561198046726245,Recommended,474960,34481512,Posted: 25 August,all,KaKarot( Supreme),absolutely mind blaawing!!!
76561198156102457,Recommended,474960,32456198,Posted: 15 June,all,Dr. Amaral,"Very good. Graphics are awesome, story is perfect, characters are realistic.Battle with Liam Burke wasn't fair also his death.. I feel bad for him and his wife. I don't know what happened to them. It would be good if I knew their story after fixing the fracture.I had some performance issues but it didn't change my thoughts about this game."
,Recommended,474960,25926995,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Oloremo,North Remembers
76561198078028444,Recommended,474960,26756506,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Pixels.,"9/10 if it wasnt for the performance issue, which i assume many had, this game would get a 10/10, loved every minute about it, this is a must buy game for anyone who loves a good singleplayer with a perfect story!"
76561198001722133,Recommended,474960,31039929,Posted: 9 April,all,EvilWopper,"Mediocre. The final fight was a disappointment. Died 4 times after beating all the waves of mobs and just didn't want to continue as the last checkpoint put me way back. So, I just watched the ending on youtube. The game is ridiculously resource taxing (SSD is a big plus to reduce load times). Aiming really sucks (a goddamn console port). The plot is rather complex though (if that's a plus).I recommend it only if it's sold with a big discount. It's not ""Half-Life with time travel"", not even close. Zero replayability despite numerous plot forks."
,Recommended,474960,28564998,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Martin Dreamix,"As ""Max Payne"" fan (completed it countless times, and played after with different mods) I'd like to see next game done by Remedy. Really fun experience IMO. Optimization is a different story, but for that low price-tag, I'd buy it anytime."
76561197989777519,Recommended,474960,25786557,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Mituki,"I can't help to be a bit biased here. I bought this game on Microsoft Store and wouldn't install at all, and spent hours with tech support in which we eventually got to the conclusion that nothing worked, and that I couldn't get a refund. ♥♥♥♥ you Microsoft Store, ♥♥♥♥ you. So now it is on Steam and all is well. Deep driven story, excellent dialogue (the kind of dialogue you usually see on a lot of PS4 exclusives), and fun combat sequences. The graphics and animations are top-notch, and great cinematic music. If you haven't played this yet, you should"
,Recommended,474960,25787616,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,its Good To Be Bad...,Damn good game
76561198025199594,Recommended,474960,25800099,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,spybeef,"If you dont mind questionable performance and linear gameplay, but like SF, time travelling stories and shooting games, this is highly recommended (and play on Hard difficulty for some challenge).Really love the story and gameplay so far, and the acting is great, Not your usual PC game, but an experience like none other,Would play with 30fps lock option active in 1080p on a GTX1080 again,"
,Recommended,474960,25824989,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,uLu_MuLu,"Videogame, TV-series or movie? This game has it all...Remedy excelled again at creating a very interesting 3rd-Person shooter / action adventure with great characters and storyline. The graphics are absolutely stunning and the gameplay is neat. Although the story is ""just"" providing another time-travel-theme it comes to a great conclusion which also rounds-up all the different steps that the player has taken. Games like e.g. ""Life Is Strange"" achieved less in that matter. The videos in between the 5 acts are just awesome. They must not hide before tv-series like ""Blacklist"", ""Person Of Interest"" and so on...The only thing that one could criticize is that the time you need for a playthrough is not very long. If you substract the time for watching cutscenes and listening to conversions it is even shorter. It also does not provide that many levels where you actually fight enemies. This game can be a ""walking-simulator"" like ""Life Is Strange"" or ""The Walking Dead"" at times. But on the other hand this ensures that the story is very tight. You will make different choices throughout the game so a certain amount of replay-ability is given.Quantum Break crashed my pc up to three times (bluescreen) with no reason to identify. Apart from that it runs smoothly.Recommend you buy it immediately. The price for the pc-version (37 EUR) is pretty fair. I hope that Remedy will release all their titels on the pc in the future. The xbox exclusiveness caused more harm than it actually helped."
,Recommended,474960,25787351,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Rchgchg,Quantum Break is a great gaming experience that deserves to be on Steam along side Alan Wake.
,Recommended,474960,25798760,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Joppe,"This game got very negative reviews when it was released but it's actually a well made and unique game. Not quite as good as their last game, the amazing Alan Wake, but still very good."
76561198032720597,Recommended,474960,25825820,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Vik,"Interesting story, good gameplay, well optimized game. Core i5-2500K at 4.1 GHz, GTX 780 Ti: 50-60 FPS, sometimes better on High settings. Can be played with mouse and keyboard quite well.Cons: Sometimes there are boring, mindless levels where you can die instantly if you are at the wrong place at the wrong time. The final boss fight is a bit too tough. Really."
,Recommended,474960,26181905,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,bbrrruuuhhhhhh,"Quantum Break is phenomenally good. Its a 3rd person shooting game. Almost linear storyline with branching paths. Not open-world. Kinda like The Last of Us in the sense that you go to Point B from Point A, wherein Point B is the quest.And there are scripted enemy spawns at certain parts, which you'll immediately recognize because of the way the stage is set up, and because the main character could detect explosive barrels, ammo refill stations and guns lying around.There is a stealth element but you would almost always break cover to complete a task. You're just gonna need it to position yourself correctly. There's also an enemy line-of-sight mechanic. And an ability upgrade scheme.There are narrative objects that you can read or look at to have a better feel of the story. But the number of content is almost overkill. It's optional, but the amount of help that it can do is almost nil, aside from feeding you more relevant but technically useless stuff to work with. Honestly, it felt like a chore, because there's no motive to do it, aside from bragging rights.Replay value gameplay-wise is almost non-existent. Technically, there's no new game plus, and if you explore diligently, you get all powers and collectibles within one playthrough. The only reason you'd replay the game is to see what happens if you picked the other choice(and there are a total of 5 choices).The show thing is cool tho. It's the first time I've seen a game incorporate your choices into a show.If you want a time travelling, Choices Matter, 3rd person shooter, with superhuman abilities (that includes hollywood stars), this is right up your alley."
,Not Recommended,474960,29022187,Posted: 4 January,all,Châostic,"♥♥♥♥♥""game"", don't buy it.I purchased it on sale, and was vaguely entertained up until the boss fight against Serene. Barely worthy of being called a game, it's mostly walking around with frustratingly stupid controls whilst all the characters puke exposition at you."
,Not Recommended,474960,30436418,Posted: 10 March,all,Hammershaw,"This game is a mess. I kept waiting and waiting for it to get interesting, but it never does. Almost everything the game does is just sloppy. From the gameplay, the simplistic ""puzzles"", the characters, and story. I was easily able to exploit the gameplay so that each fight, even on the highest difficullty, I could take out enemies while barely revealing myself and often didn't even have to use the lame time abilities.On paper the time control mechanics sounds like it could be a stellar way to create unique combat scenerios, but very few fights actually felt like I needed them and the powers given to you are mostly basic time control (slow, speed up, reverse, etc.) although the time shield bubble is a cool idea. Like many 3rd person shooters, your bullets actually fire from the center of the camera. So you can easily be next to a corner, your character model shooting a boulder, but the crosshairs are off to the right aimed at enemies, getting easy kills with no real danger to yourself. There are some time ""puzzles"", but they are just mere obstacles that are almost all solved the same way. None of the characters are likeable, I found myself cheering for the prospect of a doomed world so that all characters lose. This game is wholly forgetable and sadly I can not get the time back from playing it."
,Recommended,474960,29626516,Posted: 1 February,all,Kuschonink,"I love its cool concept. I have a strong tendency to save the world while playing this game, given by the story writer ofc, and all through my walkthrough, I felt like solving all the puzzles and finding out whoever is behind everything.It simply helps you think, lovely one, recommended by me."
,Recommended,474960,32891403,Posted: 27 June,all,Yee Old Duck!,Great Game! 8/8 M8! Would Duck Again!
,Recommended,474960,33084496,Posted: 1 July,all,dadique.sans.frontieres,"Good game, but not great"
,Recommended,474960,29124390,Posted: 8 January,all,uykucu kimi,"You can barely call this piece of art a ""game"", it's more like a movie that you can interact with it 55% of the time. A decent shooter game combined with basic, repetitive but fun (to a point) time control abilities. Like Life is Strange with guns. (But the consequences of changing the timeline is minor)If you want to purchase a movie that lasts maximum 10 hours (for that you want to go through every notes and collectibles) I would say wait for the sale.PS: My GPU burns like the biggest bonfire in hell.9/11"
,Recommended,474960,32120364,Posted: 1 June,all,✞TSH✞ BigBenjina,"I liked the story, combat gameplay, and choices i could make. only downside to this game is there is way too much ""get on a roof somehow to enter this building"""
,Recommended,474960,29152669,Posted: 9 January,all,Tvin,"Excellent game, interesting combat mechanics, great cutscenes. Loved the plot. This game deserves way more recognition."
76561198315183163,Recommended,474960,28616105,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,aspirer89,"Beyound imagination, opening of new form and set of gaming experience.Game that must play in your lifetime."
,Recommended,474960,28338518,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Taylem,"This game had an unstable release on the Windows Store and as such- I really didn't have any interest in the game. Then, it came to Steam and I snatched it up. One of the best purchases I've ever made for a game.While the shooter combat is fairly basic, and I am glad because the point of this game is the narrative and not shooting bad guys. Your Time Powers are also fairly neat, adding an extra element of thrill to the David and Goliath story of Jack vs the MegaCorp Entity of Monarch.The graphics and the game itself are amazing. Highly stable, as I never crashed or glitched a single time during the whole of play. Whatever bugs the game may have had at release, they seem completely fixed. The textures are beautiful and the scene renderings are fantastic ... made me almost wish the game was Open World.But, by far the best part of the game is the story ... the rich narrative. I liked every character and the voice work was spot on. But, even more so was the actual acting which was present in just about every point in the game including the very 24-ish style of the 22-minutes episodes found after the first Four Acts; showing what is happening within Monarch out of Jack's knowledge.I cannot recommend this game enough ... it is a fun, exciting and bittersweet ride from start to finish.... 8/10"
,Recommended,474960,27106678,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,( ﾟДﾟ)阪本詩織(ヽ´ω`)ﾊｧ…,This is one of the great story telling game of the yearmixes in some very un-conventional methods. defenintly a great buy
,Recommended,474960,28121418,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Ryzen_Core,great game. microsoft states this requires DirectX 12 support???? but.... where is thr dx12 settings/ dx12 renderer/rendering settings??????????????????other than that great/ and and awesome game.... i want my DX12 support damnit???
,Recommended,474960,29179576,Posted: 11 January,all,friedrich_seydel,Actually I enjoyed it very much.
76561198103245010,Recommended,474960,26955571,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jeddawey,such a hidden gem of a game. the story and gameplay are amazing. and the mix between the game and the CGI and tv show are done wonderfully.I hope QB gets game fo the year. beacuse it deserve it for the high quality game that it is.
76561198046771175,Recommended,474960,26953776,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sherlock Hom0 :3,This was A time bending game
,Recommended,474960,26982371,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PEEK-A-BOO,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing insane! too good the graphics and time stop ad powers OMFG <3
,Recommended,474960,26982979,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aergis,Nice combo of game and TV show
76561198047294825,Recommended,474960,26918051,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TwistedCreeper,Very good story
,Not Recommended,474960,28917306,Posted: 1 January,all,Zachary3D,"+Great Story-Laggy ContolsRecommended on sale.Was announced and funded years ago by a major corporation (Microsoft) and then post-poned, only to be left with a mediocre game with ""shifty"" controls...6/10"
,Recommended,474960,25833954,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Exodus_cl,"Amazing production, makes you want to know more every time you play it!It's well optimized, I even tested it on a Phenom II X4 with 12gb of ram and a 660TI EVGA and it's running fine at medium settings/1080p (30/50fps)"
,Recommended,474960,25844827,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,IcarusLegacy,"This game is amazing... firstly you start with characters in cutscenes with a high-end graphics and then.. they become live, you watch real life scenes, like a series, and you are so-so involved in the game.. choices.. are tough and interestingly outlined.. This is literally one of the best MASTERPIECES I've ever played. On the line with HEAVY RAIN and BEYOND TWO SOULS!! A MUST BUY FOR GEEK!!"
,Recommended,474960,25846326,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,YEET,"Remedy never lets down. Amazing Story with a replayability story wise, Great Mechanics, Good Graphics, Great PC performance (1080p High-Ultra 60+FPS w/ GTX 970 i5 4670k)."
,Recommended,474960,25847421,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,StressedSnowAragon,"I first saw the previews for the game a few months ago. I didn't think much of it because it didn't seem very appealing not having a multiplayer or a cooperative mode so that you could play with friends.I took a gamble, throwing money at Quantum Break. I wasn't disappointed at all, the friendly controls were easy to learn and get used to over time, and the story behind the game itself is absolutely amazing. The fact that there are pre-recorded thirty minutes movie parts in the game itself made it even more amazing; and the fact that those movie bits were played on the basis of what you did in-game is something that I haven't ever heard of it. Yes, we all know about cutscenes this but is something different entirely and it's what hooked me almost immediately and will probably make me go through more than on playthrough in future time.Looking at my hours logged and looking at what I can do with this game, will definitely make me want to go back through and play it again, just to ultimately gain 100% completion and to figure out what else I can change and learn from the movie bits.I don't think there is anything else I can ask for in a game. This is it. Story, 10/10. Gameplay 10/10. Challenges 10/10.Cooperative mode would have been nice though, just saying."
76561198158668644,Recommended,474960,25857669,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Yozo,"well it's a nice game, i think there should've been a stealth mode couse the shooting and the combat was not so satisfying, but i would recomend this game for the story line and how they connected it with the episodes, its breliant i really love the idea."
,Recommended,474960,25859902,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,SAY10,Its much better to see Aidan Gillen without a fake accent and an annoying voice!
76561198019905292,Recommended,474960,25861170,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,BlazinJesus,"Great third person shooter, similar to Alan Wake. Good story and characters. The graphics were mindlowing at times (even at 1080p, medium preset, upscalling off, 30 fps lock on). One playthrough was roughly 11 hours."
76561198049346483,Recommended,474960,25963740,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Merter,Adamar mukemmel bir oyun yapalim demisler. sonra mukkemmel bir oyun olmus :) herkese tavsiye ederim...
,Recommended,474960,25967385,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Zionmoose,Truly fantastic game. The story brought me in...the graphics made it feel real. I want to be a part of this world.
,Recommended,474960,25977823,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Nogitsune101,"Wow, just lost my entire post . . . so to summarize everything up.~~~ The Good ~~~- Ultimately, a good story, if you like the scifi/time travel genre- Visually stunning, some real amazing moments in the game where you take pause to breath in the detail- Technically no issues with older AMD FX8320 8-core with an overclocked GTX970 (Ultra mode/1080p/consistent 60fps)- Alan Wake/Max Payne references hidden throughout the game- No crazy amounts of collectable snipe hunting (was just the right amount)~~~ The Bad ~~~- Extremely short, 10-12 hours to get through most of the content including the videos- Limited Powers (6 in total)- Limited Weapons (10 in total but really only 6 different style types)- Limited Mobs (7-8 in total if I remember correctly with varing weapons)- Has maybe one replay to see alternate storyline choices- NO SHIFTER FIGHT (This one made me really sad)~~~ The Derp ~~~If they would have added maybe 2 more acts to the story and added just a smidge more variety to the loadout, time skills, and mobs this game would have topped out as one of my all-time favorite games.  It feels like they had a lot of plans that just never panned out.  That aside the game was a great play, I binged it over two play sessions.  If you have cash to burn and the hardware to run it, I'd definately put it in a must experience category.  If your looking for a game with a little more longevity, you might want to look elsewhere.All it's weaknesses aside, I really hope they take the engine and expand on it and make a second Quantium Break.  There are a lot of things left unfinished and  . . . . I'd really like to fight a shifter (>.<)"
76561198019502219,Recommended,474960,25977828,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Cypher,"This game is nothing short of amazing,I was captivated by the story from start to finish and could not stop playing.The gameplay has some minor faults but nothing that ruins the experience.Overall incredible experience i just wish there was more.10/10 would recommend!"
76561198202981150,Recommended,474960,25983947,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,ML,Good game story & fun alot for meworth to buy
76561197983049664,Recommended,474960,25989535,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,[azTek],"Great story, great gameplay, stunnig vusials, lots of fun service. Remedy as is"
76561197965238976,Recommended,474960,25998572,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,KINP,"It is an interesting game but fairly short. I have cleared it in 10 hours, the replay value of this game is nearly none because of no online feature what so ever.Overall it is still a pretty good game due to the story, graphics.I don't like the gun fighter though the movement feels not right.8/10 it is decent at $40 price tag."
76561198097448420,Recommended,474960,26005893,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,November Fallout,"An amazing game, stunning graphics and great story."
76561197970528473,Recommended,474960,26051048,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,discworld,"Writing my first review, if anyone even reads these but here goes:Lets get straight to the point. The game seems little bit underdeveloped in gameplay department. I'm not going into the technical problems or aspects of the game. It looks like it looks, upscaled and blurry. So lets leave it there. The graphics are nice but take a lot of PC power (without the upscaling, with upscaling it runs fine) to run even when there are more detailed and beautiful games out there that run better than this game.But the game itself.+ the story and narrative element of the game. Yes, I like a story and game with time travel elements.+ different choices that you can make which adds another play through run to get the different aspects of he story.+ i liked the characters of the game, they where made quite nice and lively, i think. They each had their own persona and objective.+ level and world design, timeline function to get even more info about the story and game world that remedy created. A lot of the backstory was available this way.+/- the story movies which are only streamable. Some people hated them but I liked them. Something different for sure.And there's the sweet negative side- the gameplay itself is boring. I always waited to see what the story had to offer so I wish I could skip these boring action parts of the game. They where not that well made. If you Think I don't like these types of games... I really enjoyed Max Payne (playing max payne 2 right now and loving it) and Allan Wake.It just boring. The enemy's aren't that different. You slow down time, make some head shots, rinse and repeat. Some ""bosses"" you have to sneak behind them and that's it. And some low level platformer action.- I wish that the movie action parts like the car chases etc where playable. Most of the fun parts of the game was given as a movie, not as a game. More of the story should have been in the game. It felt like a nice TV series not a game.- There's SO MUCH to read (no I'm not against readying, love my RPG games with loads to read). Really, its like a small book. You have so much material to read and if you want to do it in the game itself (not using the timeline) it really stops the flow of game.- the AI constantly nags you when you try to read someone's email or details to get more info about the story. And then they run away and start talking like you where there. I have missed lot of dialogue because of that.So this is my few thoughts about this game. I think Remedy has a great and nice story and game word in this game that should have needed more time to develop, would have been even greater. The gameplay is really not that good. Its more like a interactive movie, yes that what it is a interactive movie, not a game. If you looking for a nice time travelling story - this is the game to have. If you are looking for a action backed fun game with guns and intelligent AI  and innovative gameplay.... keep away from this game. Its not for you.I liked the design and the story so I cant give it a negative rating. I would give it a 7/10 only because I was hoping for more of a game like the good old Remedy made. I'm not disappointed in the story, I'm really disappointed in the gameplay aspect itself."
,Not Recommended,474960,32140084,Posted: 2 June,all,TheChristianWeeaboo,"playing on a pc and the lag is insane even if i got this half off its not worth it, i was really looking forward to it too."
76561198040735074,Recommended,474960,32229341,Posted: 6 June,all,KaraiChess,fovero paixnidaki (8/10)tromero storyto gameplay htan arketa kalo alla ligo (to action komati einai to 1/4)ta grafika einai arketa kala an kai pio polu entupwsh kanoun ta animations twn xaraktirwnan paixtei kamia ekptosoula tsibisteto !!!
,Recommended,474960,32230460,Posted: 6 June,all,Busta,What an amazing experience. Refreshing. I can't believe I've never heard of this game..
76561198071834999,Recommended,474960,33735571,Posted: 22 July,all,Sgt_Jono,its nissan commercial actuallyi give this gameNISSAN / 10
,Recommended,474960,27727851,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Tukslin,Best Gameplay!!! Best Story!!! Best Movie!!!
76561198281274765,Recommended,474960,32970950,Posted: 28 June,all,rebvilla,Amazing experience!
76561198362638388,Recommended,474960,33003231,Posted: 29 June,all,sh1k,A very good game
76561198013189743,Recommended,474960,32998243,Posted: 29 June,all,Beardo Weirdo,"Very, very enjoyable. This is what AAA games should look and feel like."
76561198186580638,Recommended,474960,34086210,Posted: 7 August,all,jd1338,"Quantum Break is the first title since a long time that really hooked me. If you like storytelling action RPGs that make you care about the characters without having that boring plot almost every other action RPG game has, this game is for you!The game is really beautiful and I cannot complain about the performance on my system as other here did. And I only have a GTX970. The gameplay mechanics are fine and fun. No major glitches or bugs.But what I really fell in love with is the incredibly good storytelling with its great cast. I also really liked the mixture of gameplay and the Quantum Break ""TV show"". That was finally something refreshingly new in this genre. I use to play a lot of single player (action) rpgs and to be honest, I wasn't really into these games since the Fable series. And no, I'm not a Microsoft fanboy.One slightly negative thing though: The weapons are quite boring and silencers would have been useful. During the game you are getting dropped into ""levels"" that are full of enemies that get alerted once you fire the first shot. So no stealth altough it would have everything to provide good stealth gameplay. Well, apart from silent weapons I guess.But overall this does not interfere with my very very very positive opinion on this game. I will probably do a second playthrough at some point of ""time"" ;)"
76561197963681907,Not Recommended,474960,32524186,Posted: 17 June,all,resist,Constant crashing.  Could not get a session longer than 20 mins without a crash.  Updated drivers but that did not fix.
,Recommended,474960,29606221,Posted: 31 January,all,invictumhr,it's ok
,Not Recommended,474960,34494534,Posted: 25 August,all,[LP] pvt garfield,"my guy got stuck in between some grass and two invisible walls during a walk n talk with an npc. and she just kept going while I was stuck. and he was just some crazy man stuck in the grass muttering to himself and no one else about how ""time is like an egg and the time egg is now ♥♥♥♥ed""expect to turn all settings down to very low to get anything close to playable framerates. running the game without the ingame 30fps cap introduces a ton of loading bugs as well.has some neat ideas but I would just get a used xbox one copy for a dollar and skip this buggy version"
76561197986240240,Recommended,474960,30198200,Posted: 26 February,all,Bracord,Excellent!
76561198108760839,Recommended,474960,30828778,Posted: 30 March,all,Muna,good movie
,Recommended,474960,28145884,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Kashima,This game is fabulous.
,Recommended,474960,33884070,Posted: 29 July,all,">""L.Hübscher SEA BEAR. 👺","Quantum Break is a lot of fun, with fast-paced combat and both visual and sound effects amazingly well done. Remedy nailed the feeling of time travelling / disrupted time better than any other game I've ever played. The story is enjoyable and has its gripping moments, but there's nothing really memorable in my opinion. The plot is much more present than the actual gameplay though (it's what you would probably call a 'cinematic experience'), so if you don't enjoy narrative-focused games, don't bother with this one.Honestly, I knew almost nothing about this game before I actually played it, but I understand that it wasn't that well-received. Part of that stems from the fact how horrible the PC port was (at release), and while it's still far from perfect now, the controls are completely fine, and performance-wise, it's definitely playable. Aside from that I had no expectations at all, and I think Quantum Break is probably not worth the full price, but much better than its reputation. Recommended."
,Recommended,474960,30291184,Posted: 3 March,all,Harry,I bought a freacking 1070 for this.
,Not Recommended,474960,33441809,Posted: 10 July,all,TheSilverHammer,"I have no idea what they were thinking when they made this game.  It is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fps combined with a badly written and acted movie.The game-play loop is generall like this:Walk around and get some of the story through in-game conversations.  Then fight waves of bad-guys, then walk around a bit more and use your 'time powers' to solve a few simple puzzels.  Finally you make a moral choice which really doesn't matter and then repeat the loop for serveral acts.The level design is pretty bad.  The levels are not intresting, and I would describe it as a long tunnel with a choice to go forward or backward only.  However, this isn't accurate because your choice to go backward is almost always taken from you in the form of one-way doors that lock behind you.  If you like to explore, be very careful because you can easily step into a room or through a door and find that you can not go back to look down the other hallway.  As an explorer, this really pisses me off.The time powers are not very interesting.  I played Singularity, which is a FPS game where you have some time powers and those powers are really cool to use, unlike the stuff in quantum break.The full motion video is OK.  It is midly entertaining to watch.The enemy composion is quite dull and you will be fighting the same bad guys throughout the enitre game.In short, 1999 called and wants it's game design back.I got this really cheap on a sale and I still do not think it was even worth my time or the 70 gigs of disk space to install it."
,Recommended,474960,26212618,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Siledas,"A bit short, and perhaps oddly-paced for some, but the production quality is very high and the interactive story is very engrossing. The core loop may wear thin towards the end, but on harder difficulties, is challenging enough to remain fairly fresh for the short campaign duration.Overall: 8/10"
,Recommended,474960,26257277,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,ⱴ,"Great concept, great story, great execution. The concept of this game is that it's a hybrid between a video game and live show, where everything changes drastically based on key junction points in the game and the decisions you make at them. Not change a little, but like hours of live recorded footage that would go unwatched if you chose one option over another.It reminds me a lot of Alan Wake. The gameplay mechanics are solid and fun. It's a nice break between fighting, puzzle, and story time. The voice acting is excellent with several notable actors in the cast. Truly one of a kind concept, I would not be surprised if we saw more games coming out in this style."
,Not Recommended,474960,32145852,Posted: 2 June,all,iChargeBanshees,Performance is really bad even on my GTX 1080. I oddly enough played this game on the win 10 version on a GTX 970 with better results. I got motion sick also wiht motion blur enabled. I enjoyed the game my first go round but didnt want the win 10 store. I refunded the game this time around because its been almost 2 years and the game still runs like♥♥♥♥♥
76561197974582820,Recommended,474960,28403794,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Hoksu,"A good game overall. The story and cast deliver, the combat is fun although I would have preferred to see more of it and higher difficulty, graphics are very nice. Game runs fine on my pc though I kept upscaling on."
76561197979338515,Recommended,474960,30584711,Posted: 17 March,all,{TPUK} Colin,"Solid, if uninspring comabt and the story is a bit of a wibbily wobbily timey wimey stamash but overall I enjoyed it. The four TV episode were probably under utilised and could have contributed more to the core of the story.7 out of 10."
76561198033818747,Recommended,474960,32156058,Posted: 3 June,all,gibeaua,one word wow
76561198091335620,Recommended,474960,32163073,Posted: 3 June,all,Corbuiser,"Combat is decent, beautiful maps, weapon system is standard with recoil added for heavy weapons or continued fire. The bullet time team really did an excellent job. More fun that Max Payne learning to combine those special attacks. Some frustrating mechanics and interesting glitches.The mini series built into the game as a respite was an odd thing but it added to the characters. Actors/Actresses were fairly standard affair, akin to a episode of Fringe or Warehouse 13. No complaints there.Overall its a decent game with some exceptional moments and was really well made. Paid €18 for this on sale and I'm happy with it. Will probably replay it a few times."
,Recommended,474960,31795962,Posted: 16 May,all,Cavaritter.,Great cinematic game !
76561198083471479,Recommended,474960,31864246,Posted: 20 May,all,Hillary,"Dynamic game with engaging narrative and unbelievable graphics.I have no idea why this game didnt make more noise.it was under the radar in game industy (from my humble perspective)Didnt buy it at first, because they casted hollywood actors for the roles.. tbh I still hate it.Anyway... Sam Lake did it again. Cant wait for his next project."
76561198001836206,Recommended,474960,31871548,Posted: 20 May,all,DeltaPro,"Crazy good game. It's a shame that it's not more popular, though I blame that on the original Xbone exclusivity.I wasn't such a big fan of the ultra long cut-scenes / tv show cinematics, but as the game went on they grew on me. Having real actors playout the heavier scenes really hit home more than CGI ever could. More games should do this.10/10 I reccomend this to everyone."
76561198015584383,Not Recommended,474960,27025464,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MASTERHALKS,"I've played many games and this one...has got to be the worst, most irritating, terrible game I've ever played.  The directions to get you through the game are few,  going in and out of focus is annoying and the storyline is confusing.  Don't waste your money on this one!!!!!!!  I hated this game..."
76561198028464868,Not Recommended,474960,25881495,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Hitopopamus,"The game is very short and the story feels quite rushed. You finish the game (after only 10 hours, some of which is just watching a live action series) feeling majorly underwhelmed. It just doesn't draw you in, you don't connect with any of the characters, and sometimes it just feels like a very cliche time travel story like many we're seen before.I also don't see why people are giving such praise to the graphics, I personally don't find them quite impressive. The game is very blurry compared to the cutscenes.Combat is fun though, I'll give them that, but it's not enough to redeem the game.Overall I kinda regret purchasing this and wouldn't recommend it."
76561198005253615,Not Recommended,474960,26755404,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Arktos,"For the most part I enjoyed this game, right up until the 'boss' fight.  If I had take the time to read the various discussions regarding how Remedy handled it, I would have never purchased the game.Be warned."
,Not Recommended,474960,30669716,Posted: 22 March,all,vQoo,"NOT RECOMMEDED! Though the graphic is cool, Quantum Break is just an ok game with uninterested story. The level design are poor, especially the end boss, and the control is not very responsive.Overall, it is not nearly as good as Alan Wake, which has a great story."
,Recommended,474960,25809321,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,ol' donny boi,"this may be one of my new favorite storyline games. I have just about beat the game and so far the story has been amazing and complex. This game makes you think which is something amazing compared to most games coming out lately. the combat is very nice, they give you over powered abilities but you dont feel overpowered. everything runs together very smoothly. the only con is that the first release has had a few buggy glitches.nothing game breaking. i would definetly reccomend this game. 9/10"
76561198075787025,Recommended,474960,25776048,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,SheepamongWolves,I should not have any problems running this at 120 frames but such is not the case. I reckon my average is about 40 frames at 2560*1440p. The game is not bad looking and the story makes wants me to play it. I run a GTX 1080.Story interest as of this moment is a 10/10Graphics 8.2/10Performance: I have a hard time because I think the game looks good but Star Wars Battlefront good except for Chewie no.I would say the frames should be twice as much aka 80 or at least 60.5.1/10A few things I want to go over is Frame drops after exiting cinematic cut sceneNo way of turning of motion blur.If I wouldn't have to chose a Yes or no answer on steam I give it 69/100 because the story has me intrigued to overlook the performance issue. Plus the fact that it's a $40 dollar title.
,Recommended,474960,25778921,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Zeuxurt,"I like this game , nice story and cool freaking awsome magic power character x)."
76561197983638613,Not Recommended,474960,25912359,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Space Junkie,"If you like to replay your games after completing them, then don't buy this game.Considering Remedy had made some of the best shooter in the franchise, Max payne, I thought this game would be a no brainer. Storywise this game is terrible, too many plot holes. The gameplay on the otherhand is just plain awful, since the Max Payne games hit the mark everytime this game is just plain boring especially the time powers, no imagination what so ever. I wasted $36 on this absolute trash of a game. The episodes and the graphics are by far the best bits about the game but the gameplay just falls flat on its face, repetitious at best. Money wasted."
76561197970569353,Recommended,474960,26728151,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Phantom,"awsome game,only the upgrades are poor.great to see live action too"
,Recommended,474960,25817621,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,BodyPolitic,"First off:980 OC +350 Mem clocki5 -4690K OC 4.116GB DDR 3 @ 1866Playing at :2560x1440 gsync'dSettings High, AA on, Upscaling on.Provides 57-76 fps mainly in mid high 60sExample of in engine screen shot so you get what it will look like at these setting:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=773481655================================================================So that covers the basics, what it looks like and performs as  if you same/similar hwIt's a good looking game imoGame Play:An evolution of the original Max Payne's bullet time mechanics, taken further and diversified, you get several top manipulating abilities and there is an upgrade/progression system to each. They are flashy and fun. It's a pretty tight campaign, with time divided between shootouts, explorations/collectable gatherting and some light platform puzzles usings time control mechanics to solve.Story:If you've played Max Payne 1 & 2, or Alan Wake then you will have a good idea of what to expect stylisticly, Sam Lake explores interesting ideas, but there's a fair share of camp, and schlocky sounding dialogue. The actors themselves do a good job with whats provided. The live action segments while they definitly won't be up for an Emmy are decent enough, about on the level of a B grade show on Sci-Fi network, they are much stronger on the action bits than the more quiet thoughtfull parts but even those are watchable at least. Solid B grade with a helping of camp.*Note: There is some decent replayability in you will find certain junctions where your choice's will influence not just the game but the live action parts as well.Controls\Sound\Presentation:  Controls are adequate, not super innovative but responsive and if you've played other 3rd person action games you will pick them up quickly.  Sound is solid if not spetacular, a decent score along with adequate sfx\ positional audio. Presentation is slick, and clear. You can pause and access a timeline to see where collectables, diary entries fit and review them. The option the replay any Act is built into the in game menu which is convienant if you are a completionist like me and want to go back and find every document or media entry.Overall:I reccomend this game, if you have a decent system, like 3rd person action games, or  Remedy games in particular. There's alot of misinformation about what QB is, and isnt. It's not just a mediocre show with scripted events between. The majority of the time will be you playing the game, not watching cutscenes. Combat is fun, you can use your powers to take on situations in different ways, lots of enviromental interactions.  It's not Witcher 3, but it is a solid 3rd person sci fi story, with neat powers and easy on the eyes. So if that sounds good give it a go."
76561198311420551,Not Recommended,474960,32683511,Posted: 23 June,all,Snaitas,"This game is very poorly optimized which makes it very hard to play immersively. The graphics are blurry for some reason (similar to Mafia 3), the V-Sync locks the game at 30 fps, even if you don't enable the half refresh rate V-Sync. Please fix it.After half an hour I asked for a refund."
,Recommended,474960,25774233,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Jay94,Completed the firtst act and so far am really enjoying the gamerplay. The mini series acting is very hiugh qaulity and good as well. With maxed out settings at 1080p I am getting a steady 60 fps or above. There will be an occasional drop here or there but nothing below 50. The game has an overall very pleasant cinematic style. I am on a 980ti by the way.
76561198011267741,Recommended,474960,25780262,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Really_Dazed,"This review will be updated the more I play it.Right now, the steam port is much much better than the windows store. No tearing, 60 fps, and no DRM issues when you'd suddenly lose connection to the store.I own a copy of Quantum Break on the store could only stand to play it for only ten minutes long---so im experiencing this game for the first time. That being said, I am having an awesome time playing the game. The different story arches and cinematics really emphasis what a good story needs; your choice on the matter, your decision actually changing how the game progresses, and more length and replayability. The combat reminds me of Uncharted cover shooting but with an awesome time-altering twist.-------------------- To be continued ----------------------"
,Recommended,474960,25866730,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Bread :D,the combat too boring
,Recommended,474960,25816991,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Astore,"Wow 60 GB local files, not bad.But I guess harddisk space is not an issue anymore and boy, it was worth it.Never have I seen a video acting together with life-action sequences so well. Those were more than just ""I tell you about your mission"" video clips, but where cinema quality.You play the role of Jack, a guy whose life is turned upside down buy something called the fraction. You develop powers. And with these you go against the company monarch.All important characters are real life actors, you can also find in the life action movies. Realistic facial expressions, good voice acting and, even with your time abilities, fast shooting action sums it up. There are also some different story paths depending on your choices.Very well made game... felt to short. 9 hours completion time, with about 2 hours of life action movies. Will play again once my computer is able to run it on more than ""low"" with about 40fps..."
,Recommended,474960,33015760,Posted: 29 June,all,BR Camaron XX,"Very good story, overall 9/10."
,Recommended,474960,25850874,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,ForkTheGod,PP
76561198180670294,Recommended,474960,33009942,Posted: 29 June,all,AS02 eteretnoi,"we playing both of you game and film as quantum break, can provide a very different experience for us could say none of the important characters in the game is not a figment of your imagination. completely actors in everyday life and also the animations of the game, the graphic's can be at a level that can be called awesome, because the game you can't understand without playing the ultra graphic's so i advice to play in high graphic's  if we come back to the story, if you ask how, it's pretty nice, we could say we have 2 characters with super powers. (in the meantime, in the super powers have it against the monarch devices) the main character Jack joyce to stop when our time soon to be able to act like 6 in the event of breakage has the ability to attack units. and our archenemy and another super power character paul serene can see the future in our other character, and is the choosing for us out there if we pass the jack joyce as we are fighting against the monarch solutions i am not the explain more because i don't want the flavor of the game entirely so I'II leave you to Can't escape Thank you for reading."
76561198057334156,Not Recommended,474960,32164309,Posted: 3 June,all,DwaKilo,"With just a little research I confirmed that most reviews are positive therefore with 50% discount I decided to give it a go. The only good thing is that I didn’t pay the full price. Not sure what game people were reviewing but definitely it wasn’t this one.Cons:The game was made by so many teams that while putting it together they forgot to review the end result. The final product feels disjointed and confusing.From the get go you’ll get all the powers that over time you can improve, which takes fun out of it.The story is co convoluted that instead of making it mysterious it makes it look like a big mess.Forced myself to play for about 4 hours. First 30 minutes was fun as the story was slowly unfolding and then… it felt like I stepped into dogs poo.Extremely good idea executed in an extremely poor manner.Cutscene, narrative, puzzle, fight…. Rinse and repeat…Pros:50% discount if you got it."
76561198296753569,Recommended,474960,25790806,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,donlav,"Very nice game, fun to play, good story!!"
76561198194778805,Recommended,474960,33145050,Posted: 2 July,all,Nathan,BEST GAME EVER. PERIOD.
76561197970531569,Recommended,474960,25876864,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,HairRazor,"I don't have many hours in the game yet, however I am glad it is finally on windows 7 and not 10 only. I waited for a long while for this game. Well worth the cost IMO. Would reccomend!"
,Recommended,474960,29206239,Posted: 12 January,all,■́͢͠͞͏■͏̶̛͟■͢͠,Yes
,Not Recommended,474960,32793006,Posted: 25 June,all,LewdGeek©,Great game but Really unstable on steam FPS drop everywhere :( I hope they gonna fix this one day.
76561198318798011,Recommended,474960,25787389,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,mohammed.400000,samply I like it
,Recommended,474960,25798896,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,danayka,"Nice Game! but the story too short. This morning, I'm Download it, and now, already finished."
,Recommended,474960,25824114,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,JhonnyEnglish,"I am able to run perfectly on my machine with Win 10 ,GTX 980 though its a laptop.I can run without any frame rate issue.I use optimized on my nvidia geforce experience settingcomming to game play its intresting and something new.Will update once i play more"
,Recommended,474960,25825318,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,JavaGawd,"Okay, here's the scoop, why is it we like our action films? well, speaking for myself I'll say that there is a part of us that puts ourselves in the role of the ""good guy"", the BA charactor that fights beyond what is rational to ""save the **world, girl, whatever**"". The approach that this game takes to make that feel as real as possible is worthy of time it takes for you to make the money to use to purchase it.QB may not be for everyone so the ""elitist gamer hacks who's skillz rockz and hate everytning that anyone is better than them at"" should steer clear as this is not a game for you. For the gamers that love a good story and want to feel like they are IN that story, do not pass this one up, this is a gem that mixes game play with real actors/actresses likeness that makes it a very ""get into it"" experience.Think back on Assassin's Creed when they made the youtube ""movie"" of the main charactor's father...This one is worth the money."
,Not Recommended,474960,27468123,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,HamPaa35,"The game crashed the intance it got out of the first cutscene, and kept doing it after trubleshooting"
76561198181681283,Recommended,474960,31804595,Posted: 17 May,all,WHATISLIFE,Great game
76561198022233574,Recommended,474960,26508850,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,mork77th,Great game!
,Recommended,474960,30376931,Posted: 7 March,all,Aseel901,the best game i have ever playedtry it
,Recommended,474960,25792559,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,H4v0c,How to activate subtitles?
76561198120550095,Not Recommended,474960,33581182,Posted: 16 July,all,slipknot,you can shoot everyone behinded the  cement
,Recommended,474960,26184237,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,♥®♥ Lotus Noir ♥®♥,"La direction artistique de Quantum Break est particulièrement soignée. Fortement inspirée, la représentation visuelle de la fracture temporelle évoque vraiment le sentiment d'un monde brisé, instable et fragile. Les personnages sont finement modélisés, à tel point que certains plans en jeu parviennent à se confondre avec la réalité de la série.Cela nous amène à un dernier point essentiel et franchement réussi du jeu, l'utilisation de son moteur graphique dernier cri. Le Northlight Engine fait des merveilles et permet au dernier titre de Remedy de jouir d'une réalisation toute bonnement époustouflanteLa synergie entre les pouvoirs de Jack fonctionne vraiment bien et vous vous surprendrez souvent à réaliser des combos visuellement impressionnants. Une fois l'ensemble des capacités débloquées, les combats prennent une tournure quasi-jouissive et c'est avec malin plaisir que vous verrez des ennemis apparaître dans votre champ de vision. La simplicité d'utilisation et l'efficacité de ces pouvoirs les rendent donc diablement fun à utiliser.je le recommande fortement"
76561198026420447,Recommended,474960,29204989,Posted: 12 January,all,Domynus,"Remedy Entertainment always at highest levels!!I'll suggest this game to anyone looking for an story to remember, an experience and surely all fans of Back To The Future.My only complain is that from Max Payne, through Alan Wake and now with Quantum Break the balance between telling a sotory and gaming is shifting slightly too much on film, cut-scenes and so on.The videogame in itself is a Third Person Shooter not really complex but final fights...In any case WELL DONE, CONGRATS AND LONG LIFE TO REMEDY!"
,Not Recommended,474960,32259229,Posted: 7 June,all,Thedankclank12,"Quantum break is one of the worst games that has ever come out of microsoft and the worst game remedy has ever made. It overall lacks in basic formulas such as good gameplay, story, characters, and atmosphere.However, while quantum break sucks it does have some good elements to it. Some of them being the graphics, the time travel mechanics in combat, and yes, some of the walking sections are cool and are aesthetically pleasing, and some other things. However, besides those things, quantum break still under delivers in many different aspects.THE STORY/ STORYTELLING:*WARNING, THE FOLLOWING SECTION CONTAINS SPOILERS. IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT BUYING THIS GAME, SKIP AHEAD TO THE NEXT SECTION AS I WILL TALK ABOUT AND SPOIL THE WHOLE STORY*The story in quantum break is unbelievably bland and boring, pretty much like the rest of quantum break. The plot follows Jack Joyce, The brother of William Joyce, a man who is working on a time machine. He goes to his brothers university to help test the project, and meets one of his old friends, Paul Serene. However, after testing the project, it turns out something is miscalculated, and the time machine makes a fracture in time,freezing everyone, and gives the main character, Jack Joyce, powers that let him walk through these fractures untouched. They are attacked by the corporation, Monarch. He tries to escape with his brother William, but fails, and his brother dies (At least he thinks). He then meets up with Beth wilder, someone working undercover a Monarch, and it is soon discovered that Paul is the CEO of Monarch. Now, Jack must go on a journey to get the countermeasure, rescue his brother, and fix time before the “End of time” begins. And at the end, Jack rescues William, Paul gets killed, and Time is fixed, and they all live happily ever after. And the game has a sequel bait ending (because of course it does) where Jack is given the decision to become the head of Monarch.THE CHARACTERS:The characters lack any depth and are completely forgettable. They are so forgettable in fact that I had to look up a IMDb page just to REMEMBER THEIR NAMES. They lack any character arcs and personality, and instead just feel like cardboard cutouts. The main protagonist is really the only relatable and likeable one here, and they kill him off at the end. Why? BECAUSE HE’S EVIL HURDURDUR.THE DIALOGUE:The dialogue here is even worse than the characters. Outside of one joke in the third act that was kind of funny, It’s completely void of anything, and I found myself just skipping cutscenes because of how bored I was in terms of the dialogue.THE SHOW:The show is awful, Period. It has the worst writing and acting I have ever seen in a TV show. And to top it all of they have a whole company BY THEM behind it directing these, and it was the ONLY PROJECT AT THE TIME. Seriously Remedy, if you wanna do a TV show, get a good company with a solid reputation behind it and let them make it.THE CHOICES:Quantum break allows you to make choices that not only affect the game, but also the TV show. It is a pretty cool idea, but the TV show is incredibly bad, and the story isn’t anything to ride home about, so it doesn’t help.THE GAMEPLAY:The gameplay isn’t anything special, and if anything made this game a even bigger chore than it should have been. Most of the game is spent you eitherA- Watching cutscenesB- Doing pointless parkour/platformingC- W A L K I N GAnd the other 2 hours is spent of you fighting enemies with some of the worst gunplay I have ever seen in a video game. And speaking about that…..THE COMBAT:The combat (WHEN THERE IS ANY) IS pretty awful. Like I said in the previous paragraph, the game has awful gunplay, and the weapons don’t feel like they have any impact at all. The game, just like the tomb raider reboot, doesn’t have a complete cover system, and instead has you ducking behind anything you run into without having to press a button. There are a small amount of weapons, but it doesn’t really matter, because like I said, most of the game isn’t spent fighting anyways. The only saving grace of the combat is the time travel mechanics, which helped me play the game and not refund it in the first 2 hours.THE CHECKPOINTS:This game has one of the worst checkpoint systems in a video game. It will load you into the next act, but then if you go off and come back on, you will have to repeat that section AGAIN. This is one of the main reasons it took me that 10 hours to play this game. And keep in mind that this is on MEDIUM DIFFICULTY.FINAL THOUGHTS:Overall, Quantum Break is a lackluster title that lacks any substance, and is another generic 3rd person action game. While the game does have some unique mechanics and good things about it, they are completely overshadowed by the negatives. And to top off this cake, the game costs $40, and has one mode, A.K.A the single player, which should take you less than 10 hours to complete, with little to no replay value, and it costs $40 dollars (I did only get the game for $20).Also, the game has♥♥♥♥♥optimization on PC.If you haven't gotten it already, this game sucks and isn’t worth a purchase, unless you can find it for under $5 dollars."
,Recommended,474960,32973043,Posted: 28 June,all,DG| Davex9811,"4 hours game play and ready love it ,good game 10/10 gameplay is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing well worth a buy"
,Recommended,474960,28194056,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,DeBraga,"UM JOGO QUE PODERIA SER MUITO MELHOR!Quantum Braek, traduçao, quebra de quantum, um jogo que meche com toda aquela bagunça de viagem no tempo, inicialente apresenta uma historia muito♥♥♥♥♥♥ so que no meio dela, o jogo toma outro rumo, e quando você ve, esta no final, poderia ter cido um jogo muito mais longo, com ate 20 horas de jogo, mais infelismente, com 9 HORAS, cheguei ao final, historia boa, nada de palhacada, inimigos repetitivos, e um final que lembra muito aqueles bosses de Crash BandCoot, vale muito a pena se estiver de promo, igual eu comprei por 55 reais, mais no preço original não."
76561198026288264,Recommended,474960,26208288,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,kenchau321,"wow, great game! steam version runs at 60+ fps."
76561198329589455,Recommended,474960,25970373,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,AngelAngeline,"Absolutely amazing game play. I was completely enthralled withthe story and was amazed by the use of game play and live action video working together to create such a powerful story. The choices they give you really have an impact on your game play, I cried for the choices I made and the heartfelt consequences I had put these characters through. Very amazing game, and I hope to see similar ones made in the future."
76561198278003387,Recommended,474960,32693490,Posted: 23 June,all,FatAssPanda,"One of my first finished series on youtube.Loved the story/concept and the combat was kind of cool with lot of visual effects, explosions and some time bending outta nowhere stuff!Really enjoyed it!Recommend xD"
,Recommended,474960,32763700,Posted: 25 June,all,Spicy,Great story and Great gameplay
76561198261944650,Recommended,474960,30451541,Posted: 11 March,all,GamingWithNoam,Best Game Ever
,Recommended,474960,26003842,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,ELDAD_ISRAEL,"Pros-+Great Graphics+Great story+Great ActingCons--Bad port, i locked the fps to 30 otherwise it runs horrible.-Medicore Gameplay- Too much boring moments/missionsI love remedy's games so i expected to a much better game... But the story is amazing so if you want a great story buy this game."
76561198014861480,Recommended,474960,32243568,Posted: 7 June,all,Klipparen,"This game has alot of stuttering...No pun intended.Despite the ""not so good"" optimization, this was a good game, and I recommend it if you wait for a sale. If you generally like story-focused third person shooters, this game will probably be pretty enjoyable for you."
76561197988962147,Recommended,474960,32097594,Posted: 31 May,all,J^0ker,"Quite good, BUT watch serial episodes on ytb.TV show is ingame is just Content buffering.. Please wait.. every minute on 1Gbps optic internet"
,Recommended,474960,25877063,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Alexmonty,"Amazing Time Travel Adventure with Super Fun Gameplay. Several path choices add replayability if only to watch the top quality real life TV show between acts in the story. This game reminds me of the fantastic ""Singularity"" video game since there are some similarities in the plot and gameplay abilities. I couldn't be happier we get Quantum Break in the steam store."
,Recommended,474960,26190748,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,FiRsT465,"I have been waiting for this game for so long. Finally! The steam version released. I really like it.The graphic, the eviroment, the story. They are amazing.If you like good game with good graphic and story. Try this game.A little negative from me is that when the game switch to cutscene, the Fps goes to 30. It feel a bit weird for me."
76561198053296613,Recommended,474960,25994778,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,OneTwo,"Combats are boring, must had more puzzles and less fighting but all good for story and characters..."
76561198090285505,Recommended,474960,33110077,Posted: 1 July,all,Ass Goblin╭∩╮（︶︿︶,did it for the badge
,Not Recommended,474960,34833625,Posted: 9 September,all,normie,"realy poor mrchanics, checkpoint's make you triggerd af."
,Recommended,474960,32139398,Posted: 2 June,all,Agent Deathbat,"Gameplay was frustrating at times, especially around the end, but when you beat the final boss, you feel like you accomplished something big. Story wasn't the most original, but it doesn't need to be. The cinematic feel is very good. Game is extremely hard to run at max settings, especially without Upscaling (which, personally I think Rainbow Six Siege did a lot better at) on, but I managed to get 60fps at medium settings pretty easily."
,Recommended,474960,32159826,Posted: 3 June,all,Barbossa,"SPOILER ALERTI ♥♥♥♥ing knew it! Martin Hatch is a shifter 100%, there is way too many evidence proving that! :D AKA that freaky thing that kills all the soldier when you are taking the elevator up in the Monarch building."
,Recommended,474960,26218556,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,st. marius,"this is a decent game. great graphics, its combat gameplay is awesome. sadly it does not offer much of a ''make a choice and affect the entire plot'' as happens with a telltale or mass effect game. still you can take decisions. and if you are like me you will spend half the game exploring, fighting and watching video sequences and the other half reading up to at least sixty pages worth of text. it totally opens the door for an amazing,♥♥♥♥♥kicking, better sequel."
,Recommended,474960,26217016,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,wooby6797,"Well Worth the $$TLDR:Gameplay:Controls and HUD easy to use. - 9/10Audio:Well crafted. Good sound effects, ambients and soundtrack. Excellent voice acting. - 10/10Graphics:Framerate was a tiny bit choppy in environments with a lot of light sources going on. - 8/10AI:Needs more variety to enemies and boss fights. - 7/10Storyline:Fantastic, but would like more Junction Points and alternate storylines next time. - 9/10Overall: 8.6/10----------------------------------------Gameplay:Pros:Good pacing to the game. There is never a dull moment. Controls and HUD are easy to use and understand.Cons:Not really any, but just a commentary more than anything else. If they do a sequel, I'd like to see them encorporate more climbing and/or puzzle-solving using your ""time abbilities"" similar to Assassin's Creed or Tomb Raider. Maybe they could even add some more Junction Points or side missions to extend the replay value a bit.Audio:Pros:Good soundtrack, sound effects and ambient atmospheric noises. Sound design plays well on multiple speakers to give a spacial environmental feeling to the game. Well thought out. Great voice acting and voice overs for in-game supporting characters, as well. Cut-scene audio is fantastic!Cons:Would like to see more in-game dialog for the seuqel especially in regard to choices you make during Junction Points. The in-game dialog could be tailored more based on the choices you make. This is very knit-picky, though; and merele a wishlist item - not a fault of the game.Graphics:Pros:Nice hi-res quality. Not a lot of artifacts. Cut-scenes looked like you were watching an actual movie. Character modeling, facial movements, character movements, texturing, lighting all looked like something you'd see in a movie - especially in the cut-scenes.Cons:Framerate held up pretty good. Ran it at 1080 resolution on an Nvidia GTX 1080 card with 32G of RAM. The only time I had any real problems with the framerate being glitchy or a little bit choppy was in a high action environment with a lot going on such as scenes with a lot of light sources with ambient lighting and shadows all trying to draw their light rays and ambient oclussion at the same time. Other than that, the game played very smoothly on ULTRA settings.AI:Pros:No real surprises here. The enemy combatants are responsive and adaptive based on the environment and where you are in it. They will dodge and more around. They will try to flank you and sometimes use cover, if possible.Cons:This is the only part of the game where I would like to see more variety and some tweaking. All though the balancing is well even on higher levels of difficulty, I'd like to see more varied types of fighters and soldiers with different abilities and armorments. I expected different challenges on higher levels of the game as I got closer to the end. It got a bit repetative at times. I'd also like to see more ""boss"" fights or ""main characters"" getting involved in the action. The ""finale"" boss fight was a bit challenging, though.Storyline:Pros:What can I say? Brilliant, well scripted and well acted out with good dialog, good cut-scenes and good in-game chatter.Cons:Not really any, but just some knit-picky things, again, for next time. Would like to see more in-game chatter with NPC's and would like to have more choices and alternate storyline with additional Junction Points."
76561198065852315,Recommended,474960,26235768,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,tempest666,"Fantastic game! I just finished and even though i was skeptical about a show/game it was loads of fun.Due to being able to choose how the story goes i will play this again and choose differnt to see the changes, and rarely say that about a game!Kinda leaves me wanting more but hopefully a sequeal soon!Definitely recommend if you like a story based around your choices and get to shoot bad guys."
76561198135250906,Recommended,474960,32092723,Posted: 31 May,all,innijump,"Great game. Graphics are top class (not that I play a lot of games). Storyline is very gripping. Not easy, in any way, to play. Gameplay is very nice and smooth. Don't run on ultra graphics unless you have a very powerful PC or labtop. I got a high end ASUS and it till can't handle ultra graphics settings. Would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,474960,25808840,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,✪ Maverick.,"----------- For Pros: -----------Well, after 3 hours of gameplay.. This game is really awesome! I really love the gameplay and the storyline so much.It's like we're playing superhero with an ability to control time. The graphics is mind blowing, but after playing this game for several hours, you will realize that you may know some in-game character are the actor in the real world. There's also some scene in this game use the real movie.For the gameplay, it's almost same with The Division (use cover system on combat against enemy, the different thing is you do not need to press any button to get cover, it will automatically cover your character if you cover on some obstacle), you can loot some weapon and ammo, use a various time ability to kill your enemy or protect yourself, sometimes this game required you to think to get into some place (you will need to use your ability or explore more further), and the most awesome is upgrading system (for your ability). So to upgrade your ability, you need to explore and find something like spirit ball and use it to upgrade your ability.And in my opinion, if you ever play a game like The Last of Us, yeah i dont know why, but this game remind me about The Last of US (maybe because this game use 3rd person camera or the atmosphere).----------- For Cons: -----------Believe it or not, but this is some of my PC spesification,CPU: Intel Core I7-6700kGPU: MSI Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Sea Hawk (water cooling GPU)MOBO: ASUStek ROG Maximus Extreme VIIISSD: Samsung 850 EVO 1TBOS: Windows 10 Pro 64bitRAM: Corsair Dominator DDR4 16Gb x 2 (32 Gb)PSU: Corsair HX1000ietcYes, i use modern high-end gaming PC.. But, i played this game using Ultra settings with 1080p resolution and upscaling turned off. I got almost constant 60 FPS (vsync on), but sometimes, the fps drop until 40 FPS (or sometimes constant at 30 FPS). So i tried to turn on the upscaling, and yeah the FPS getting constant in 60 FPS (with vsync), but the graphic will not as great as upscaling turned off. Then i tried to Overclock my GPU a bit, and i got constant 60 FPS, but sometimes still drop to 50 FPS only. So, this game maybe not recommended if you use low-end PC.Some people asked me if this game still playable with medium-end PC or not, and my answer is yes (as long as you got constant 30 FPS or 25-27 FPS for the minimum).For the other cons (based on my opinion), since the begining of the game, i often see the main character or other character got blurred near their body everytime they move (i use ultra settings and got 60 FPS, but the blurred things still happen). I dont know if this is the effect from the game itself or bug or what, but sometimes it makes the game looks not smooth even in 60 FPS.The last thing is, this game is kinda linear for me, you can still explore but not quite.I told you that the story is awesome, but they have the scene that use real movie to watch and it took really long time till we can continue playing the game again (maybe almost 30 mins), it's really like watching a movie (man, i come to play game not watching movie).Well, maybe this game will have a patch to optimize FPS and the graphic in the future. So this is really worth to buy.This is the end of my review, thanks for reading and sorry for my poor english (i'm not english native speaker)If i have to give score, it will be 8/10"
76561198063683430,Recommended,474960,25810573,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,bquigs13,great game. awesome graphics.  not to mention steallar gameplay and story. dont miss this one.
76561198047148167,Recommended,474960,25811060,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,burnteggoz,It's quite an interesting take on vidoe games.
76561198170800967,Not Recommended,474960,27833909,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Quiet,Am I the only one to play on a gamepad? The cursor keeps popping in the middle of the screen even when I use a gamepad... it's so annoying. For a game that big that's not unforgivable. And wtf about vegetable that don't move when we walk in ? Are we in 2016 ?
,Not Recommended,474960,34266572,Posted: 15 August,all,Tvyn,"I tried to get into this game.  I'm a sucker for games and stories with timeline variations and I enjoy tactical 3D shooters, so this seemed like a good fit for me.  There were a few things that stood out about the game that strike me as similar to Alan Wake (which I enjoyed): lots of world detail, realistic character movement, and so on.  Unfortunately, this was overshadowed by a wide variety of frustrations and annoyances from plenty of different corners of the game.  Here are a few:Combat controls are clunky at best and infuriating at worst.  It's often hard to find the targeting reticle (which can't be changed) and the combat mechanic forces you to locate it each time you come out of cover.As a result, it's often quite difficult to hit a target with the abilities the game gives you.  Given that they have lengthy cooldowns and are a big part of the strategy, this gets quite frustrating.While the voice acting and production is good, the characters in the storyline are pretty cliche and some of the interactions are pretty forced.The suspension of disbelief is difficult to gather when a single headshot downs an opponent in full tactical gear and yet my t-shirt can soak half a dozen bullets without seriously concerning me.The interface for interacting with the world seems weirdly inconsistent.  Your character is provided an ability which allows you to identify meaningful items and threats, but major map-advancing landmarks require you to manually examine the map.Almost everybody in this game is super white.  Like... generic European white.  No variation at all.The game seems to altenate between ""acts"" (which involve gameplay) and ""episodes"" (which arelikecutscenes if cutscenes were twenty minutes long).  Despite this lengthy screen time, I still have no idea who these characters are or what's happening to them.[/li]I really like the idea of a game like this.  That said, I'm not excited to stop playing my game to watch a twenty minute storyline development.  I'd also prefer an easier-to-control game engine.  This may have been easier to play as an FPS, for instance, just 'cause it'd be easier to aim.  I don't mean to deter anyone who has their heart set on this game -- especially if you're motivated by Alan Wake -- but I can't say this turned out to be the experience I was hoping for."
76561198257537202,Not Recommended,474960,26305030,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,sflsyzq,Nice Game but Poor Optimization. They don't even wanna update for this.Also SLI not supported.
,Recommended,474960,25791963,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,MrCagey,"Great story, great actors, great gameplay. Good price."
,Recommended,474960,26500231,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,G4LLOWBRAIID,"The controls are clunky with the character movement not being smooth/fluent. Remedy really needed more of an array of sound effects, I got sick of hearing the same thing over and over. The story was the only reason I continued to keep playing, they did a good job making a game based on time travel with a story that does grip you with decisions being made that affects the game in a few stages and because of this it's the only reason I'm giving it a thumbs up. My advice would be to not do what I did and play the game through in two sessions."
,Recommended,474960,26498620,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Coby,Awesome game !I had no truble running it withWindows 10 - 64 bitAMD FX 8350 8 core32 gb ramGTX 970 evga Driver Ver 375.70its a big download almost 70gbGorgeous graphics The game looks Awesomelove the story
,Not Recommended,474960,26329643,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Insidia,"No just no. FPS drops on a rig that destroys the max spec recommondation. Aiming and accuracy is horrendous, honestly it's pathetic and those developers who worked on that should be named, shamed and blacklisted. Also shoddy camera work, I've seen low budget indie games do better.Not enough actual gaming involved.Just, go to youtube and watch it there because it should have just been made as a B movie instead."
,Recommended,474960,25771665,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Curious Psycho,"I did not expect this game to run as good as it did. No crashes at startup. No specific ingame delay. Runs smooth on both keyboard and controller (Xbone S Controller). The graphical options does not require a game restart. The gameplay itself feels very blurry, like a constant motion blur, but otherwise it's a completly different experience than many similar games. Highly recommend this for it's current price!"
76561198146466559,Recommended,474960,25814220,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Nightbloom.KIWAMI,"Good story.Good music.Godd movies.Fantastic skills.Reasonable/acceptable price.Optimisation is good. I can run it in 2K high graphic setting with 60fps (Windowed, upscaling on). If you find your CPU or GPU load very high, try to install newest video card drive.8/10An amazing game indeed."
,Not Recommended,474960,30030689,Posted: 19 February,all,Kespertive,The game is as short as this review.
,Recommended,474960,25783912,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Trash Mammal,Doesn't shut my computer off like the UWP Version. +10Vsync forced on Borderless Windowed Mode -2.2It has CIA in it. +1.29/10
,Not Recommended,474960,25871560,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,泥鰍小妹妹,"i have to downvote this game for some reason1)plot is to boring to begin with2)there are bugs in this game which it will stuck you in vcertain place and you have to restart from checkpoint to unstuck yourself3)is this even can call a game man the acting was suck back4)the story constantly jump till i do not know what happen.5)some part of cutscene has low fpslike 15-20 in between man i have a beast of graphic card but the game plays smothlyoverrall this is a mediocore game, wait till it drop like 10bucks then grab it. otherwise you regret although i can say this is a solid port if they can get some scene solid out and repair the bug in game.5/10"
,Recommended,474960,26746430,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,sixpoundsofcheez,"No support for Nvidia surround 5760x1080...  Boo, this is 2016 people."
76561198022063887,Recommended,474960,25780622,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Mystery Gamer Man,"This game, oh lordy this game.... Imagine your favorite TV series, then getting to play as a character in that series in the most perfectly integrated manor! Its phenomenal."
,Not Recommended,474960,27183561,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rolling Scone,"You are required to run the game in upscale mode as the game renders natively in 720p. You can disable 720p upscale mode and run it in1080p but your performance will be halved. My rig is 6700k with a gtx 1070, the fps was about 34 fps in native mode during the beginning scene- campus scene.If you compare the visual quality with other titles such as battlefield1 or even infinite warfare, Quantum Break has worse visual quality and at 30% of the performance target.It may be this game is poorly optimized for PC and I would not recommend it for the moment due to performance issue."
,Not Recommended,474960,27640850,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ricnunes,"Videos at 30fps, poor support for 21:9 and bad performance."
76561198053435707,Not Recommended,474960,32459876,Posted: 15 June,all,Chunky Monkey,"It was fine until it crashed 4 x in the final boss fight.  Also, my 1080 ti has to be played at resolution less than 4k because?"
76561197988214379,Not Recommended,474960,32159513,Posted: 3 June,all,abuman44,"core i5gtx74532gb of ramstill couldnt break 20fps, and the graphics just look blurry. there is a 30gb patch if im correct. I refuse to download. so asking for a refund. apparently the graphics is a problem with this game. buyer beware. know what your jumping into."
,Recommended,474960,25829552,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Ling-Ling,"Best game i ever played. 10/10, 100/100"
,Recommended,474960,32098501,Posted: 31 May,all,PitzzKubb,I'll come back for you.
,Recommended,474960,25778384,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,X-Potion,"This takes me back to when the Ps4 and Xbox One were first released, during that time they had been revealing their upcoming titles for the consoles. Remedy’s ‘Quantum Break’ was Revealed for Xbox One. During that time, to me it appeared the most interesting and unique dividers between gaming and TV drama, it's rather an uniquely immersive experience.”Reason's to purchase.1. Remedy, creators of (Alan Wake) support:)2.3rd person3.superpowers time manipulation4.Engaging story5.Runs smooth, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t...so far.Worth"
76561198167123468,Recommended,474960,25828041,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Qusai68,Quantum Breakالايجابيات- قصة حلوة- فكرة المسلسل الداخل اللعبة جميله جدا-جرافيك ممتاز- انميشن و مؤثرات حلوة- القدرات في اللعبة وطريقة استعمالها- الاختيارات التقتدر تغير مجرى القصة في اللعبةالسلبيات- طريقة التصويب في اللعبة- طريقة ال Caver في اللعبةالزبدة: اذا انتا تحب العابActionف انا انصحك في اللعبة و بقوة
76561197981945484,Recommended,474960,26172018,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Henne,For me personaly: best game of 2016. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,474960,26173570,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Nicolus,it breaks quantum
76561197981462909,Recommended,474960,29232110,Posted: 13 January,all,mike 006,"great game, really enjoyed the way the storyline,gameplay and movie worked,just wished they had used bullet time graphics like in sniper elite 3. would of made it a spinal tap 11 .Nice graphics on a gtx 1080,1080p,windows 10 was getting 60 to 70 fps setting on ultra and with upscaling off"
,Recommended,474960,25862508,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Rhaith,No remedey's best work but Quantum Break is a memorable and unique gaming experience.
76561198282019489,Recommended,474960,26187899,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,pantelischara,kalon pegnidi alla n polla tou 32 lires. Kouspo
76561198335454760,Recommended,474960,32984396,Posted: 29 June,all,dandaria,i'm lagging when playing this game. can someone point me how to fix this?
76561198163783774,Recommended,474960,32112070,Posted: 1 June,all,Niels,great game
,Not Recommended,474960,33993400,Posted: 3 August,all,Rojo Jojoe,I can't run this game even though I meet recommended requirements. Might try again when myhardware upgrades and will consider changing review based on game later.
,Recommended,474960,32844546,Posted: 26 June,all,Joob,เกมเพลย์ออกจะตุ๊ยตุ่ยไม่ค่อยสนุก แต่เนื้อเรื่องกลับเข้มข้นซะงั้นอย่างที่ได้เกริ่นไว้ เกมเพลย์ค่อนข้างห่วยจริง ๆ เล่นไปรู้สึกขัดใจนิด ๆ แต่พอจบแต่ละ Episode ก็จะมีให้เลือกเส้นทางเนื้อเรื่อง เปลี่ยนไปตามที่เราตัดสินใจ พร้อมกับ Live Action 20 นาทีให้ดู เพิ่มรสชาติเนื้อเรื่องให้กรุบกรอบมากขึ้น เป็นทีเด็ดของเกมนี้เลยก็ว่าได้
76561198131746830,Recommended,474960,32774134,Posted: 25 June,all,ClaudioDheo,Good Game
,Recommended,474960,25815928,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Igni,"A very well done game, great visuals, great gameplay, nice mix of movies and gameplay, actual, real actors and actresses.You get crazy cool time powers!Only had a minor, but annoying issue with the movies not playing because it couldn't connect to the server to stream it, even though I was connected to the internet..In my opinion that stuff should have been downloaded and installed with the game..The game is short, would have liked it to be a little longer."
76561197979253378,Recommended,474960,25812872,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Miyuki,"On my puny computer (i5-2320 / GTX 970 / 8GB), the game looks amazing.  After playing a bit with the settings, I was able to get 60 fps + vsync.  Then I forgot about how evil is ""upscaling"" and I began enjoying the game for its gameplay, characters and great story telling.  The game has this feeling of mystery à la Alan Wake and it also has construction sites à la Max Payne!"
,Recommended,474960,25813285,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Jimmyjam,Have only played this game for abit but I was afraid it was going to have borning gameplay based on the reviews only talking about the story and how well it runs.The gameplay is great and the time ablities make it quite action orentiated backed up with great acting and story.
,Recommended,474960,25811097,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,[cFc] Tes,Extremely engaging story. Must have for all SciFi fans out there.
,Recommended,474960,32029526,Posted: 28 May,all,zeknoss,"This is how you make a game. This is how you tell a story. This is how you drop someone's jaw.The visuals, the storytelling, the actors and actresses... Everything is just perfect. I can only ask for a deeper character customization and weapon diversity with more options.This is not a game, it's a movie you live in, so maybe I might be asking for too much. But if a sequel is ever made, they only have to make a more tactical gameplay with more customizations and everything else will be perfect!"
76561198273032119,Recommended,474960,32090434,Posted: 31 May,all,FINGERBANG,I bought this game long ago and I've enjoyed it so much but mostly I played it on my xbox and completed as well it's awesome I would say buy it it's better to spend money on this then to spend on games that sells in game items or extra dlc's it's not expensive and game's fun go for it
,Recommended,474960,34703218,Posted: 2 September,all,kieran,8.5/10
76561198023376044,Recommended,474960,25813995,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,absonite,"Good game!Interesting narrative, fun gameplay with time powers and gorgeous environment8.5/10"
76561197973253513,Not Recommended,474960,27544171,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,HomerCidal,"I am so disappointed with this game, I expected something of the calibre of Remember Me or Dishonoured. This game plays on PC like absolute garbage. The programmers appear to have treated the PC community with absolute contempt. I run a reasonably good PC using crossfire graphics... every other game I have in my library runs great... BF4, Remember Me, Tomb Raider......Quantum Break is a giant backward step... it plays like a games from 15years ago. Even halflife 2 has better graphics. Extremely disappointed, I buy 2 or three games a year so I am very careful about which ones I buy, I cant beleive this was recommended anyone. Being left handed I like to use the Number Pad, this game doesnt even recognise it, it plays like it has blur motion permanently on and I cant disable it. With BF4 and Tomb Raider my FPS run at around 90 - 120 with this game I barely hit 25 in game play. Pathetic coding there team.The fight gameplay is abysmal... I can only hope that they come out with a heap of updates to rectify the PC Version or this is an absolute waste of your hard earned cash..... My view steer clear.... so so so disappointed. If I had wanted a game that played like a console game I would have bought the console version not the PC Version..... Unplayable for me what a waste, Not Good Enough, wont be buying any of your games again. SOOooo psd off."
,Recommended,474960,25821551,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,ftstani,"♥♥♥♥ing brilliant.Now - you can't change the past because if you do, it would remove the motivation for you to change the past in the first place, thereby preventing you from changing the past. There, I just saved the company 230 million dollars.You cannot change the past by going to the past in a parallel universe. Whatever universe you pick, chronologically speaking, remains antecedent to ours. Therefore, it would not circumvent the paradox in our universe. You could of course change other parallel universes by doing this, but that wouldn't really help our universe."
,Recommended,474960,25819937,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,足控,"7小时，走完剧情，手柄操作还算舒服（反正我开了辅助瞄准本体+原声DLC总价140，大概两张电影票的价格，你说值不值，我觉得值最后关于优化，6700k oc4.5+rog1080,全程1080p码率4000在B站直播，帧数也稳在60fps不过偶尔也会掉帧一下重玩性不高，生活费不是很富裕的学生可以选择视频通关国庆节在家休息的工作党而且没有女朋友陪着出去玩的话可以用一天时间通关"
76561198061728984,Not Recommended,474960,26734445,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Debellatio,"Couldn't play. Game kept crashing at start up. And yes, My system requirements are met, but either way the game is not working. I couldn't find any suggestion as to what to do, so I'm not wasting my time anymore. I'll just get a refund. Perhaps in the future I buy this game again, as it looks like it's good fun."
,Recommended,474960,25794200,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Alina Kalenich,100 / 89
76561197996178538,Not Recommended,474960,26215056,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Ne'kata,"The Win10 version was notorious for bad framerates and inconsistent frametimes, so when I heard that the game was coming to Steam using DX11, and that framerates were vastly improved in the Steam version, I decided to give it a shot. However, the framerate is capped to 59, which I would'nt mind if it wasn't for the fact that the game apparently uses double-buffered vsync in exclusive fullscreen, causing the framerate to suddenly fall to 30 at times. Also, the frametimes are still inconsistent, going anywhere from 15ms to 33ms despite running at 59fps, causing stuttering (all of this was monitored using MSI Afterburner's OSD).My specs:Core i5 6600k @ 4.5GHz16GB HyperX Savage DDR4-3000MSI Geforce GTX 1080 Armor OC 8GB500GB Samsung SSD 850 EVORefunding the game. It looks fun, but until they fix the frametime issues and use triple-buffered vsync in exclusive fullscreen, I won't be buying it again."
76561197967790717,Not Recommended,474960,26172104,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Zambrini,"I have an I7 4770k / 16GB RAM / GTX970, all drivers updated, windows Pro Insider Preview also completely updated. The game simply keeps crashing, the devs don`t answer, the support e-mail also is completely ignored, so, don`t spend your money on this game, it was poorly produced, there are no patches, the DEVS don`t give a damm about their community.I will not buy anythig from these DEVS ever again, had to ask for a refund."
76561198053350341,Not Recommended,474960,32735623,Posted: 24 June,all,D0vahkiin,"game is fun, story is goodbut optimization is♥♥♥♥♥♥low fps, random lag with i76700 / GTX1070refund"
76561197968309984,Recommended,474960,25776633,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,thedeuce75,"Wow, this of version of the game runs like butter on a Nvidia 1080. Overall a pretty great game so far. It definitely has the best in engine face animations I've seen sinec LA Noir."
,Not Recommended,474960,25876471,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,The loaf turtle,"So I went in to this game thinking it was a game with good story, good gameplay and good graphics, what I got was some gameplay and alot of cutscenes. I played on normal difikolty and I just used my pistol when I needed to do some shooting because it has unlimited ammo.If you want to buy this ""game"" you do need to know know that whis is more a movie then a game.If you like games form Telltale this is a game for you. If you like how the stories in games like call of duty and battlefeald (not so much battlefeald hardline) this game is not for you."
,Recommended,474960,25778612,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Amir.P,"Bought this Game to complete my Remedy collection. This game still needs optimization but it's much better now. One of the best parts of the game is its Animations; They're so realistic --> Story = 8 , Graphics = 9 , Music = 9 , Gameplay = 7It's Weird that there is no animation for Reloading!!!!8.5/10 would still buy future Remedy Games!Thanks to Remedy & Sam Lake.نسخه فارسی:بازی به مراتب نسبت به نسخه ویندوز استور بهتر شده ولی هنوز هم  به بهینه سازی نیاز داره. این بازی رو خریدم تا کلکسیون بازی های رمدی تو اکانتم رو کامل کنم و بازی هم عالیه. پیشنهاد میکنم حتماً بازی کنید. افتخاری دیگر از عمو سم لیک"
76561198063448067,Recommended,474960,25781171,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Satinav,"I didn´t have a problem with FPS at all in this game, but I found it veeeery boring. I don´t know how to rate this game because I like microsoft games, but this one, bah, very boring to me."
,Not Recommended,474960,26498039,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,emerson.romero,"Excelent story, terrible gameplay.Having great examples like Mad Max, Rise of the Tomb Rider and Metal gear the phanton pain, is unforgivable to have this great script eclipsed by the worst gameplay there can be. Wanna play it? buy it on xbox one, dont buy this terrible PC port."
,Not Recommended,474960,34162056,Posted: 10 August,all,assassinswake,"A standard shooter game with with basic gameplay and an interesting story(although it's too slow for my taste and it feels like they try to overcomplicate it). The episodes after each chapter are a neat idea but they kind of interupt the flow of the game. The way you upgrade your powers is finding nodes in each area of the game, meaning if you miss a node you have to go back and find it otherwise you'll miss out forever. Not to mention I kept having to deal with glitches while I was playing. It really had potential, but in my opinion it failed to deliver...Summary: If you like basic shooters with overcomplicated plots and really long cutscenes get this game. If not, save your money..."
76561198153060036,Recommended,474960,25816751,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Joeman Shaq,"Just finished the game, going to keep it simple! 6/10.It´s OK!Like a combination of movie/game for grinding a boring saturday night, nothing more. Completed it in 6 hours... Nothing that will give you 100+ hours of gameplay. MAYBE 10 on HARD then MAYBE another 10 with the alternate story. Still a pretty cool game in general.PROS...- Great graphics- Cool combinations of what you could do with your skills.- Smart AI (They actually try to flank and are quite aggressive)- Well built story with LONG, real acting cutscenes between ""chapters"" (For those who want to spend 15-20 mins looking at action filled cutscene that also are somewhat boring and get you to know the characters).- You make final desicions that alter the future missions and make the game re-playable.- Great sound effects.- Actually challening sometimes (Some new games are TOO easy)- Real movie stars as main characters (Both in game and cutscenes)Things that are OK!...- Weapons, well made. But i would have liked to have a choice of a few more. Only 3 Guns, 4 Autos and 3 ""special´s"".- The environment, obstacles on diffrent ""maps"" should be a bit more complicated. Never really got ""stuck"", everything was kind of easy to get through, not the kind of puzzle i wanted it to be. Would have been awesome if they involved using your special skills more in the solving, I tried sometimes using my skills to solve diffrent things but instead you must do simple boring normal human stuff.- In some way repeditive, every level objective is ""Clear out enemies"" and then gathering info that are marked and easy to find. (There are new type of enemies in every ACT. Only a total of five ATC´s tho)- The engine is really cool but some things were kind of bugged, some funny and other just sad.- Somtimes when you shoot enemies in the head they can take ALOT of damage, other times with the SAME enemy they die right away... this can be really frustrating. Lets say your going against five of the ""tanky"" ones and you kill them all using headshots pretty easy. Then after that these two mediocre guys with shotguns and no helmets come and you spary them i the head and they kill you instead, therefore you gotta restart and the next try no one dies from the headshot except the last two guys with shotguns.Cons...- Wanted to play the villian more than the actuall main character...- The game felt a bit empty somehow.- Soo much more story they could have added.- Movie stars in video games, cool. Still felt like that made them lose a bit focus on what it should have been instead. Too much focus on cutscenes that should been GAMEPLAY!!!- ONLY 6hrs gameplay. (The game is re-playable because of the diffrent paths you can take, but STILL.......VERY long cutscenes between acts, filled with action that you should be the one playing instead of just sitting back and watching).- Missing out on cool story to play by yourself because of the cutscenes...- The character is a bit slow when not able to use powers, alot of slow walking and waiting on other characters...- Wierd starting point after death. Sometimes you start waaay back and not after the latest cutscene wich seems the legit place to start at...- Really short game with way to much cutscenes, more gameplay and less cutscenes would been better. Still good tho.- 3 hours to download, 6 hours of gameplay INCLUDING the LONG cutscenes.- Include more skills to combine with the environment when you fight to make the repeditive game play go away."
76561198027233747,Not Recommended,474960,33484498,Posted: 12 July,all,DarK FlaMe,"At first this game was amazing , but with progressing the game becomes boring due to the lack of guns and same repetitive scenes . 5/10 for creativity and story but the game is sh!t ."
,Not Recommended,474960,29866942,Posted: 11 February,all,tehgargoth,game is good but it has streaming video mixed in that buffers infinitely.
,Recommended,474960,32685610,Posted: 23 June,all,✪ Rezt | #CSGOD iwnl,Nice game))
76561198049530632,Not Recommended,474960,32163788,Posted: 3 June,all,marktulip76,liner bag of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,474960,32277881,Posted: 8 June,all,Kar-Chee,Meh
76561198284708875,Recommended,474960,25841604,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Demons,Best game ever !!!
76561198001858986,Not Recommended,474960,34265615,Posted: 15 August,all,Iron,"This game is ok. The shotting mechanics are there, the gimmic of time powers is there, and Little Finger and Merry are there, but it all chaulks up to a mediocre expereience compared to other more esteemed titles. It was worth the $10 price tag I paid for it, but not much more. It's derivative and, hinestly, kinda boring. It's also really short, about 9 hours if you're accustom to unreal shooting mechanics. Also the live action TV style cinematics didn't do much for me. They were interesting enough, but not anything to be rememebered. In short, buy Rise of the Tomb Raider or Deus Ex: Mankind Divided instead. they're the same price and you'll get loads of entertainment from either."
76561197984244851,Not Recommended,474960,28469376,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,louis,Overall OK game but find myself frustrated with the gameplay often.Uninstalled it before I finished it since the last boss fight is crap and there is no way to reduce difficulty.
,Recommended,474960,25815906,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Ridge,"Fantastic story and great storytelling, however enemies are bullet sponges. I would recommend playing on hard difficulty."
76561198052647850,Recommended,474960,31953953,Posted: 25 May,all,Knifekill 006,Just needed a few tweeks for graphics and this game is amazing!
76561198030240511,Recommended,474960,25820515,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Nurallaerel,"This game is amazing, the great love to the content production and detalisation makes this game a peace of art.10 Petyr Baelish  of 10 possible"
76561198132554217,Not Recommended,474960,35077667,Posted: 19 September,all,bpkep,"Simply put...I had high expectations for this game, and what I received was not as I had expected.I would rate...Graphics 10/10 (Includes animations, scenery, people, weapons, time powers)Gunplay 3/10 (Gunplay was hard to get used to for such a short game and bullet sponges were painfully annoying)Time Aspect 8/10 (How well the time based attacks/abilities worked)Story 2/10 (How the game made the story immersive) Such as a 10/10 being The Walking Dead series.Story 6/10 (Concept of the time story, including only the time theories)Game Style 1/10 (How well they used the style of the game to its advantage, the game felt like it was confused upon what its gender was, one second its a 3rd person shooter, then a walking dead game with decisions, then a movie)Acting/Casting 8/10 (How well the actors were, how they fit into the game was surprisingly decent, except they werent given the chance to draw in the player)Game Length 1/10 (Game took around 7 hours to beat even with stupid parts where I kept repeating the same task, for the game being a 30+ dollar game, worth 10-15)Controls 9/10 (Decent control style)Glitches 10/10 (Were none as far as I could see)Upgrade System 4/10 (Hardly seemed like it helped to upgrade your time powers)The game overall was not worth the sale price of $30. I would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,474960,25822493,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,BlindWithGun,"The game is fun but they should make it far more obvious that the video segments steam before you purchase it. I litterally drove to a friends house an hour away to download this because of my terrible internet options only to find I can't hardly watch the video buffering...buffering...buffering... terrible qualirty...... buffering...buffering...buffering...Not even an option I can find to download them ahead of time if you want to, sad.   We don't all have Cable Modems Remedy."
76561198052489746,Not Recommended,474960,32876812,Posted: 27 June,all,vvknok,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ Console Port, everything is ♥♥♥♥ing blurry and everytime it saves FPS going down to almost 0. Going for refund."
,Recommended,474960,26726133,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Primitive | r6s.canceraf.com,"really good, not worth 30-60$ imo"
,Recommended,474960,25772640,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,⎛⎝Duckers⎠⎞,"Game runs decently at 65-75 fps maxed out in 1440p.My only complaint is that even with antialiasing, upscaling and res at 1440p, it still looks blurry, and the camera movement doesn't feel smooth. But still an awesome game. (watched jacksepticeye play it so i know how the game goes)"
,Not Recommended,474960,33145333,Posted: 2 July,all,Kazhui,"Over the shoulder camera with low FoV.Can't even edit a .ini file. If you have FOV issues, stay away."
76561198267532046,Not Recommended,474960,33684086,Posted: 20 July,all,Under_Ach1ever83,"I only have 2 hours into this game. And while that may seem short, to write a review, I shall write one anyway.Do not buy the game. The game is great to play, it is fun, and the story really pulled me in and I even enjoyed the ""episode"" I got to watch, a lot. Graphics looks great, ran decently, controlled well with K&M. So why not buy it you say??I hit a game breaking bug at 2 hours into the game. There is something you HAVE TO DO to progress in a linear manner, and because of this bug not allowing me to do this, I cannot move forward in the game. I ABSOLUTELY refuse to play the game over from the start, to test it. I will be seeking a STEAM refund. I am out of 14 days, and over  2 hours, but hopeful they will refund my money.Do not buy this.**Edit: They refunded me."
,Not Recommended,474960,30592178,Posted: 18 March,all,jon-h86,What a horrible game. B day time tv shoe horned into a mediocre game. I play games so as to avoid the terrible day time tv shows.
,Recommended,474960,26675752,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Eggo1215,just UGH. so BEAUTIFUL... I wish my computer ran it better... but jeez... just *cries* so good... soo good...
76561198130053901,Not Recommended,474960,28338325,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Jesus Christ,"game doesnt support multi-gpu though works fine on one card. More importantly, the game is boring as hell"
76561198085052336,Not Recommended,474960,29044950,Posted: 5 January,all,Artorias,A videogame/TV hybrid that reminds us why people shouldn't make videogame/TV hybrids.Now that you're done with this crap Remedy please give us Alan Wake 2.
76561198262071378,Recommended,474960,26761855,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Domnee,Great game :)
,Recommended,474960,25812421,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Dr. Cocktopus,42 gb should not be bad anyways..
76561197998166394,Not Recommended,474960,25836401,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Muffinmandible,"The ""Stream Only"" cutscenes refuse to Stream.  Requesting refund."
,Recommended,474960,25768750,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Eppz,"Only 36.99 and it works!!!Thought it would cost way over 49.99 atleast, I just hoped the money from the returned bloody game No Man's Sky would be enoughBuy it if you wantBecause it works and its a great game. Played it on the Xbox One and Loved it thereSo why not try for the money I got back after No Man's♥♥♥♥♥♥I thought"
,Recommended,474960,26726454,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,AceHoe,"Just buy this game, never played game like this, QuantumBreak is f*ing awesome!!!!! The Graphic?Best engine on this world!!!!(of course high system requirement), game style??? Creative as ****!!!!! Price???? half of some trash game(COD IW?)"
,Recommended,474960,25769303,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,FrontRUSSIAN,Storytelling is pretty good in this game but optimization isint that good for 4k.
76561198389666562,Not Recommended,474960,32134134,Posted: 2 June,all,TMTQ,I tried to play this game with low settings and still had crap fps.
,Not Recommended,474960,25990596,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,jor.Alex,ASked for a refund. I have a i7 6700k and a GTX 1080. The game would freeze every time a in-game cutscene would start and 15 minutes into the game it crashed. Garbage port.
,Recommended,474960,25889006,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,HAJJ KAZEM,"PLEASE DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME  IF YOUR ARE NOT A """"GAMER""""this game is END OF TIME!!!"
76561198294530615,Not Recommended,474960,32167729,Posted: 3 June,all,DONGER58,very bad wouldn't even start
76561198113280038,Not Recommended,474960,25906808,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,5384vishal,Just into 15mins of game and no audio.All the cutscenes are waste as I have to read subs.Please dont buy this.I need a refund.
76561197971085775,Not Recommended,474960,28929904,Posted: 1 January,all,lbrand,Annoying
76561198094098193,Recommended,474960,32598587,Posted: 20 June,all,Mizusaki Hikari,this game really hard to finished every storiesneed much time for get endingLOL
76561198013455454,Not Recommended,474960,25957746,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Shabby,"Damn thing doesn't run. Got the DLL it wanted and now it ""can't open properly"". Shouldn't have to spends hours to fix a paid product. Way to drop the ball."
76561198024218344,Not Recommended,474960,25805177,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Gaming Raz,"What a shame....Quantum Break looks great! Like something from the Sci Fi Channel and Aidan Gillen (Game of Thrones Little Finger) is in it! How can this be a bad game?Produced by the Big MThe game is based on a movie series produced by Microsoft which also produced QB the game. It's been proclaimed a revolutionary entertainment experience that blurs the line between television and gaming (Supposedly). With Quantum Break, The Devs at Remedy Games delivers a game in which you bend and shape time in order to survive. How you play the game shapes a personalized your version of the television show. Watching the show gives you strategies and insights that will impact the way you play the game and helps you discover unique content within the game. Together, the game and the show deliver a holistic entertainment experience. (Supposedly)Okay, again, this all sounds great just one thing.... THE CONTROLS SUCK!!!!During the shoot out moments,you cannot crouch behind objectsYour'e just standing there attempting to shoot back at the NPC's that are crouching behind things. Altough your character is unable to do the same.You are unable to melee.You are unable to dodge.At times unable to run for cover.Story and Graphics are great!Yeah, this aspect of the game is great and the time disturbance moments are cool! But it does not hold the game up from bad controls and this adds up to one basic description of this game.Quantum Break is an Interactive Movieand a bad one at that. It's not even cheesy bad like Night Trap or Sewer Shark that you can laugh at. It's JUST AWFUL!REFUND"
76561198115559133,Not Recommended,474960,26456250,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,DoctorWho,"Two big cons, i regret i bought this game:1)Lagging. Similar games with better graphics working smooth, this one start to lag even on low res.2)Whole story of game sucked from finger, it is tasteless like most of budget hollywood movies.If dont want to waste you money, dont buy it."
,Recommended,474960,25779264,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Vacationist,"Masterpiece of a game, it's so epic and fascinating i'll tell my kids about the story of Jack Joyce and Paul Serene."
,Not Recommended,474960,32097153,Posted: 31 May,all,Oblivious2all,game runs poorly on my gtx 1080 ti
,Not Recommended,474960,25849245,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Hellthurian,"Game's plot was interesting, but optimization needs a good bit of help. As someone who despises blurring within games, I had to refund Quantum Break. I'm hoping in the future they add settings to turn off all their blurring effects, but I could not find any setting that would allow me to disable the motion blur, depth of field, and other blurring that seemed to be existent in the game. To add to this, the frame rate optimization isn't great either. For example, I have a GTX 1080 that's overclocked, i7 4770k processor, and 12gb DDR3 1600mhz ram, yet can't run the game at 1440p with reasonable settings without seeing consistent dips in FPS. This is even with upscaling on or off. Looked it up online and saw others having the same issue with resolutions above 1080p and the only solution was to lower the in-game resolution to 1080p and utilize the upscaling feature. Considering upscaling from 1080p to 1440p makes the game look like a held back console game, that wasn't a good option.TLDR: I refunded it for now. However, if they optimize the game and add in toggles for their excessive blurring effects that gave me a headache after playing for an hour and a half, I'll likely pick it up again. If you don't care about properly optimized ports, only game at 1080p, and can stand excessive blurring because ""cinematic"", Quantum Break has an interesting storyline."
76561197993829401,Recommended,474960,25770256,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,carville,"I only bougth it because I want to see more Microsoft games on Steam. With my money in their pocker, they will know I mean it.10/10 best title screen ever. May I even play with the actual game."
,Not Recommended,474960,25813796,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,MaleSensitivity,"A lot of people seem to be really hyped over this game.  Personally, the game just doesn't feel that good to me on PC.  I have a 1070 now and I'm not willing to accept minor technical glitches and inconsistencies.   This game feels and looks like it was designed for the original Xbox One.  The controls using a mouse and keyboard are extremely clunky and it feels like my character is fighting the in-game camera.  I requested a refund shortly after the discovering my time manipulation powers only to find that my brother Will was blocking my character from accessing a door to move forward.  I couldn't get Will to move out of the way.   I couldn't jump around him or crouch or anything.  To me, that is unacceptable.  Random pauses in the game (especially when saving) don't give me a fuzzy feeling.  I want to feel pampered - I want my games to satisfy every nuance of my spirit.  Make me feel like my hard-earned money is worth it.  This game isn't quite there yet.  If Remedy comes back and puts more work into the PC version, I might give it a shot another day.  But until then, I'm done.Or, if for some reason I ever end buying an Xbox One S, I will play it there.  Until then, I have better games to spend my time with.  As far as the story telling and plot and blah, blah, blah, please see someone else's review - to me, I have been there and done that."
76561198146472506,Not Recommended,474960,33064472,Posted: 30 June,all,valleryje,Game won't run have uninstalled and reinstalled still won't run. Made sure all of the drivers are updated and still won't run. Vefiied local game files and still nothing I officially give up and need a refund... shame I really wanted to play it too.Windows 10 64 bitI7 7700KAsus GTX 1070 OCAsus maximus ix hero motherboard16gb G.skill trident z rgb
,Not Recommended,474960,33091004,Posted: 1 July,all,SepticK,i have a 1080ti and this game runs choppy on medium.
76561198162165911,Recommended,474960,25776120,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Peter File,TEN/TENLOVE IT!
76561197965271130,Not Recommended,474960,25803692,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Irreverence,"Bought this game after sitting out on the infamous Windows Store release and refunded it after 40mins because-For a game this hardware-hungry it really looks poor (even on high-ultra).-""Upscaling"" has you wandering through a constant, blurry mist. Using low res textures and literally upscaling them makes the game look like utter trash. If you turn it off to play at the set up resolution the game becomes very unresponsive and your fps will drop A LOT.-Indirect, imprecise controls with disgusting input delay (No VSync / All assists off) make everything in this game from moving to shooting a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥It's hard to imagine that the DX12 release is even worse. This game is really a disgrace for the legacy of Remedy who gave the world the (at the time) genre-defining, well optimized, Next Gen Max Payne franchise."
76561197994586670,Not Recommended,474960,25781542,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,TOKOLOSE,"Quantum tale aka how to F$&K UP game portFirst of all let me say that I like this game as such, it has nice story and combine couple of game mechanics that work really well together (its NOT revolutionary as they try to claim) time manipulation (like in Remember me), Cinematic ""TV series"" (like in Alan Wake) and face capture of real actors (like in LA Noir) so all together it put up for some really great show. Now problem starts with fact that this is game ported from Xbox to PC and person in Microsoft that was responsible for optimalisation just went on holiday or is severly demented (I believe its the former). If you have ANY nVidia chip GPU you are in serious C R A P I was managed squeeze barely 30FPS on GTX960 and barely 50FPS on GTX980 (not Ti). Please keep in ming this is accompanied by 8core AMD 4Ghz and 24gb ram.Now with AMD cards you will do WAY better and basicaly all HIGH end GPUs will run it smoothly.SO we have here great game with nice story and fun mechanics that is badly optimalised on PC. Remind you of something???Now as I said game it self is preeety good but there is couple of things I would like to point out. Graphics are bit out of date and with DX11 I amnot suprised. All over feel of visuals is bit yesteryear and game clearly does not take full potential of PC and nexgen hardware.So what is the verdict?Game : 7/10Game Optimalisation : F£$%ING B""£$%^T"
76561198046701135,Not Recommended,474960,30360611,Posted: 6 March,all,Eihe_88,Wost gameplay control
76561198310441789,Not Recommended,474960,25964788,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Jaroogee,30fps is annoying
76561198043830507,Not Recommended,474960,35391427,Posted: 1 October,all,Frank,Do you even test your game before its release???Tons of bugs!
76561198107043569,Not Recommended,474960,26080169,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,arbel.tomer,Cinematic Exprerience and good graphics but♥♥♥♥♥boaring game. Don`t buy.
76561198259985766,Not Recommended,474960,32809076,Posted: 26 June,all,The_Gamer,good game even it crashes my pc... ill leave negative till it fixed
76561198081440969,Not Recommended,474960,25810607,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Devil Djinn,still poorly optimised after steam release.refunded.
,Not Recommended,474960,27922510,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,cheshire.panther,10 / 10 will retry final fight again.
,Not Recommended,474960,25813310,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Numb.,"Horrible optimization still.I have a i5 4660k, 16gb RAM and a 1080GTX and could not get smooth gameplay even on medium setting.Got it refunded after 1 hour of meddling around with the settings. Setting everything to low was the only option but that's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. There's no high setting in between, from medium you jump to ultra. Feels like a bad console port as locking it to 30fps on a tv would feel fine but not on a 144hz gaming monitor."
76561198238084346,Not Recommended,474960,25884063,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,renjukoshy7,It runs horribly on my Nvidia 770M :( I am able to play most games at med-high settings at 1080p. Later found out that this game doesn't support M series graphics cards
,Not Recommended,474960,33188031,Posted: 3 July,all,H | -ave- | S,the most badly port-ed game out there
,Not Recommended,474960,25838712,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Jay,"I completed Act 1 and already the game became repetative. I've waitng for this game ever since its announcement at E3, but im dissapointed. It isnt what I expected. I thought someone who'd have super powers would use them in more ways than just to stop bullets. The game has beautiful graphics, and some impressive effects, but sadly those alone cant carry this game."
,Not Recommended,474960,25856741,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,SickB,"♥♥♥♥♥Optimization.♥♥♥♥♥♥Gunfights that overstayed their welcome.The worst ""Final Boss"" Design with no checkpoints and useless Cutscenes and trial and error over and over.Quantum Break is an Overhyped piece of S.h.i.t."
,Recommended,474960,26725798,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Rocket,This Raccoon much enjoyed this game :D
,Not Recommended,474960,31598636,Posted: 7 May,all,Cosmos,Mediocre. Gameplay will put you to sleep.
,Not Recommended,474960,26077572,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,DPotatoman◤,"It's not even a game. It's a movie wannabe with some poor gamedesign and extremely boring live action series that come in-between of a very brief gameplay.THE GAMEPLAY PART(aka the most important part of any GAME)The gameplay is extremely watered down to 3 weapon types and 4-6 enemy types that you would meet in a  first half of the game get you bored really quickly. Mechanics are dumbed down as well: you have several abilities that don't combine and barely provide any gameplay variety, then you have automatic cover system that takes out any challenge and again barely helps the variety.THE SERIES/MOVIE WANNABE PART(aka the least important part of the GAME)This game has immense amount of cutscenes that take a lot of time by taking away gameplay from you. In between game levels you get live action series that try to explore different characters that are not part of the game, which is a good idea on paper, but it was so poorly executed, that it's barely worth it. You see the dialogues and a lot of characters and scenes in these series mean nothing for already poorly introduced universe of the game.THE STORY OF THE GAMEThe story is thrown directly at you and developers expect you to figure it out yourself (and by reading through a huge amount of pointless mails, notes and other garbage that will only waste your time). The game reveals the grand picture only in the very end of the game. Yup, instead of helping you immerse into the game, things just happen: the time breaks, military dudes pop out and some random guy you barely know became a super ultra villain. Why do they expect player to enjoy and explore an unestablished world?90% Characters are lifeless, boring and never get fleshed out properly, including protagonist; you would never guess that protagonist has brother because the actors barely have any chemistry whatsoever.THE VISUALS OF THE GAME(aka graphics)The technological level is pretty good and game runs well on GTX970 on high. The artists have done a great job on locations and different objects; I wish they've put the same amount of work and creativity into the gameplay.I have a lot grips about the artistic decisions however. You see the great tech that game features is ruined by horrible blurry shaders and disgusting instragram-like blue filter that should indicate that time is frozen or something but they make locations look a lot more confusing and obnoxious. And did I mention chromatic aberration that’s all over the place? This game made me hate this effect.In conclusion(aka tl:dr)Don't waste your time and energy on this lifeless game/movie wannabe. The characters are bland, live action series are mediocre, gameplay is watered down. It barely entertains, it's not rewarding, it's barely even a game and it's barely a good movie."
76561198026582353,Not Recommended,474960,29135510,Posted: 8 January,all,formerSLO,"Utter SJW garbage. I'm glad I refunded this game.If you're a progressive SJW, you'll enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,474960,32127118,Posted: 2 June,all,XGREENvMONSTERX,Terrible port. Can't get above 50 fps with a 1080 ti and an i7 6700k. Even on the lowest settings. Got better frames on 4k than on 1080. I just don't understand...
76561197977349613,Not Recommended,474960,29776071,Posted: 7 February,all,krisby,"waste of money, it is awful. The game play is crap, the graphics are crap, the save points are crap, overall? crap.I have a 3570k at 4.4 and a GTX 1070 and it still looks and runs crap. I turn things up, it stutters like crazy, but still only looks average, in fact, below average. Turn things down, its still a bit stuttery at times, but now looks even more crap.When something like Tomb Raider can run, and look so good, I don't understand how something that is based on good graphics, has crap graphics.This is so pitifully optimized it is a joke and Steam should be ashamed of themselves for even allowing it on here.The over riding theme? you got it, crap."
,Recommended,474960,25771204,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,LORDDEREX (Beta),"Played just a bit, and its awesome :)80-150 fps medium settings.Completed the game.I recommend this game.The story is awesome.The way they have shown it is awesome.The gameplay is great.If u like alan wake u know how they do stuff.It's quite clear for me that they got ideas from; Thier best game.Hell Quantum Break is at least 85% overall Alan wake is."
,Recommended,474960,32104845,Posted: 1 June,all,WANTEDX_UA,[GTX 1060+Ryzen 1400]:[1080p+High setting]=10fps[720p+Low setting]=30fps[480p+Low setting]=50fpsRefund
76561198087583029,Not Recommended,474960,28175603,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,brianjcornell,"This is my first time purchasing a First Person Shooter, and it really wasn't to my taste.  I didn't like the lack of choices or the way I was suddenly thrown into a shooting environment with little to no explanation or other options for interaction.  I'm chosing to not play this game again.  I should have spent my money in other ways."
76561198090052871,Not Recommended,474960,25847010,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Blink,就凭狗屎一样的电影缓冲老子美帝的网络都卡出屎干他娘的傻吊微软
,Recommended,474960,26732161,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Mk4UmHa,Buy Buy Buy!
76561198050304985,Not Recommended,474960,25848359,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,valincurr,Okay so not one to write a lot of reviews but here is the rub on this in my opinion.DO Not BUY THIS Movie they supposedly are calling a game!!!!!Now maybe i am being summary in judgement here but honestly. why in the hell did i spend money on this atrocity. ...I have to say again WHY??!!!!yes I have onjly played 108 minutes on this game but i have no desire to see anything further.Firstly the graphics are not that stellar and for somereason this game wont even go to the resolution settings i would normally play.Secondly in 108 minutes of play time i spent 40 minutes of that watching a bloody video and not even interacting with the game . If i wanted a movie I would have watched Netflix or even Dancing with the #@$%ing Stars for that matter at least i would have asked fopr the entertainment then and would have to suffer the consequences.Game mechanics were okay but personally found that it was too easy to take out the AI and the challenge seemed extremely low.To pay for a GAME ...That is right A GAME!!! and then be sucked into a vortex of hollywood crap instead of being allowed to play the story line or at the very least give me a button or two to hit during the damn video instead of OH here is the end of ACT 1 and no worries we will take it from here and no we don't want you to actually interact with anything in the game while we blather on about story line that could have been written in to the actual game sequence.FOR SHAME ON THE DEVELOPERS AND THE WAY THEY SUBMITTED TO ALLOWING THIS ATROCITY OCCURR!I have no further desire to waste my time on this after having to sit and watch for 40 MINUTES. at the end of the first act i can only imagine what they would do at the end of the remaining acts.Yor Money best spent else where everyone.In case you are going to say my machine is probably under powered for the graphics i am runningNividia 1070intel i76800MSI X99 Gaming 7 board and Win 10 there is no way this game should have been a a low res unless the developers couldnt be bothered and would rather just fill in the mass of the game experience with just another movie...(AKA commercial Like material that was not even interesnting enough to keep me engaged.WHAT A WASTE....arghhhh
76561197984600529,Not Recommended,474960,25841840,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,jan,"I don't know where all the positive reviews are coming from. This game is terrible. Runs poorly, combat is twitchy and strange, trying to activate items in the game requires pixel precision and often fails, you are constantly interrupted by the 'live action' parts (like every minute), it's actually hard to tell when you're in control or not...just a badly designed game overall.I've asked for a refund. This game is a loser."
,Not Recommended,474960,30491864,Posted: 13 March,all,L u c i u s ツ,trash
76561198260120825,Not Recommended,474960,25841306,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,bobbydanger,"I grossly overpaid. $39.99 for a game that you beat in 15 hours, when half of it is clips from a tv show? Taking up 79GB? I want my money back. Feel ripped off.Granted, the gameplay and story were good."
,Not Recommended,474960,25772109,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,powerbuoy,Great gameplay but runs like a turd.
76561198088908790,Not Recommended,474960,26545092,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Chrome to ya dome,rubbish
76561198203536412,Not Recommended,474960,28657910,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,MasterOfDoges**360,THE GAMES GRAPICS SUCK THE CONTROLS R WEIRD but i do have to say great storyline and powers
,Not Recommended,474960,25780044,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,---,"Bought it on Windows, performance wasn't up to scrath.Bought on Steam, performance wasn't up to scratch.This is on GTX 760 SLI FX8350 OC to 4.2GHZ and 16gb Ram.Frame rate is in the 25 range."
76561198163920154,Not Recommended,474960,32114968,Posted: 1 June,all,TrustingFlame23,"Can't get to 60fps with a GTX 1060, always 40 or below even with the lowest settings. I have an i5 6400 2.7 ghz and 8gb of ram. I don't know what the problem is, maybe not enough ram?"
76561198327755935,Not Recommended,474960,31996200,Posted: 27 May,all,OfficialKillerSloth,only cause it wont work
76561198005731444,Not Recommended,474960,25775222,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,lordcooler,I CANT CHANGE THE RESOLUTION HELP ME PLS IT IS STUCK AT 1280x 720 AND I HAVE A GTX 1070 WTF IS GOING ON!!!!!
76561198048781087,Not Recommended,474960,25861573,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,krisb001,Bad language is one thing but I cant play a game that constantly makes religious slurs. I mean if you dont believe in a deity   then why would your constanly curse one... It said mature content seems more immature to me... anyhow if your dont care one bit about language then other than that seemed like it would be a decent game.
76561198136712465,Recommended,474960,30391554,Posted: 8 March,all,Ebino,"This is a story-telling adventure coupled with a third person shooter, with a varied choice of weapons, powers that exploit time, and an enthralling story. The gameplay is divided in three parts that alternate with each other: episodes of an action movie through which the main narrative unfolds and the player makes some choices (which alter the rest of the story to some extent), sequences of exploration where additional story items and power-ups can be found, and action shooting sequences where waves of ennemies must be taken down to progress.The movie sequences have a high resolution and can be demanding for the hardware, though. The characters are well developed, the actors perform their roles well, the stunts and special effects are at the level of a good TV show. This is an extremely pleasing surprise for a video game.The graphical quality for the non-movie parts of the game is also very good, with all the post-processing niceties from the best games. The world is dynamic, with objects that can be pushed (planks, bins...), destroyed with weapons (wooden crates, fuel tanks...), or moved back in time to reveal or create paths. The items found during exploration provide more background to the plot, characters, and intricate timeline. Some of them also unlock additional sequences in the action movie.The animation of the characters is fluid and credible. Time powers use blurs, stutters, darkening or halos. The ennemies come in waves, using pillars or crates to hide, throwing grenades to force the player out of a safe spot, or sniping from afar. Some of them use time powers as well. I am not used to shooter games, so my opinion may be unreliable for experienced players, but the AI is enough to give me a challenge.There is no health bar during the fights, so the player needs to stay alert. Time powers can help recover from wounds, but there are no numbers. I liked this, as it makes the UI less intrusive and helps blending shooting sequences with story-telling or exploration. The number of ammunition for each equipped weapon is visible, though. Weapons are sorted in 3 types, and at any time the player can carry one of each type, so there is a tactical choice to make.The audio is a treat, too. There are many dialogs or radio messages during the game, and the sound sources are directional: if you get far away or look in another direction, the volume gets lower. There are subtitles during all parts of the game, and hearing a voiced over dialog while exploring a map is common. Again, this remains within the limits of story-telling, so does not become an annoyance. Each episode of the action movie has a different ending music; all of them are the kind of energy-packed score expected from an action movie.Overall, I strongly recommend this game to anybody who likes a good story, an intricate plot, well-developed characters, exploring the world, the characters and their relations, and then some action as a means to move the story further. I do not recommend it to people looking for non-stop hardcore shooting action. Replayability may also be a bit low, unless you fall in love with the story and end up playing it over and over. I would also like to warn that, even on quite recent hardware, the movie parts can stutter when buffering. This is honestly the only drawback I can find in this game."
,Recommended,474960,30428022,Posted: 10 March,all,Adamikemo™,"I love this gamePros-Abilities- Vission, shield, time shift and other-Choices matter-Beautiful grafic-Fun to play-Is it Game or Movie?-Good animations and dialoguesCons-Horryfing optimalization, so if you have bad PC you cant play this game... sorry-Sometimes graphics glitchesI am giving it 9,5/10   i really recommend this game"
,Recommended,474960,30604725,Posted: 18 March,all,hurley ✞=♥,"Play for the story. Game is not actually that good, but the story really pays it off.I'd grade it 7/10."
,Recommended,474960,30806998,Posted: 28 March,all,SHREVE,"Very high production values.  Best FMV cut scenes that I have ever seen very engaging.  Great graphics in generalGunplay is not as as good as I hopedOverall, I liked the game.  Wanted to love it though, it was just missing something in the gameplay dept....It was a one and done from a completion standpoing.  Didnt have a desire to play again with different choices.  Instead choose to save the 70 gigs of hd space"
,Recommended,474960,26334809,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,brokenergy,"This is the most fustrating yet intresting game to come out of this generation. Intresting because the story is so fun and the little tib bits add a nice touch, movie sequences are great to watch, the cast is great and it is great to fight against littlefinger. Fustrating because the controls are fustrating to use, especially when you go to certain sections. If you love action adventure, then this is for you."
,Recommended,474960,26333604,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Silly,"An excellent, high-concept game with solid performances from a stellar cast."
,Recommended,474960,26288456,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,crashfr,"Fantastic game, haven't played anything this good in a long time."
76561198016481798,Recommended,474960,25916182,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,CatCode,Pros:- Great Story- The facials of the characters- The audio and soundtracksCons:- hard control
,Recommended,474960,25913659,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,MikeMousse,Very nice game! Graphic probably could be better but runs very smooth on 1080 :)
76561198201336033,Recommended,474960,26075887,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,SGTM,Pros: The game is invigorating! The experience is a highly upgraded combination of Max Payne's bullet time sequences and Alan Wake's presenation clustered into a super high tech badassery of time manipulative explosive action! Totally worth playing again! The story is compelling and performances are rock solid. I could easily see myself playing this again making different story choices as I go along.Really appreciate the upscaling option that optimized perormance by leaps and bounds. I could achieve a near perfect 60FPS with my Nvidia 980 with settings turned to HIGH and effects quality and volumetric lighting turned to MediumCons:  ocassional Frame rate drops and poor playability at ultra settings with Effects quality at Ultra. The game still needs to work on optimization issues to bring FPS stability.
76561197992520287,Recommended,474960,25933086,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Maou,"Remedy knows how to make an action game. Yeah, platforming sections in Quantum Break is annoying, character movement wasn’t designed for that, but shooter part and the TV show concept works perfect (Lance Reddick and Aidan Gillen, my god). Quantum Break feels new and exciting, Would buy a sequel for sure. Because of dumb platforming, bad PC port and enemies design - 7,5/10."
,Recommended,474960,25962373,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,HonorKnees,All I can say is definitely get this game.Really enjoying it and the included mini series is a brilliant idea. Just a note that streaming the series through the game constantly buffers for me but youtube seems to help in this case. It isn't ideal changing between the game and youtube every time there is a series but it certainly beats it buffering every minute in game.
76561198076303331,Recommended,474960,25961573,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,iainscovell,"I had some interest in picking this game up for some time now. After returning the incredibly horrible No Man's Sky, this was the perfect replacement. I should also mention that the return on NMS was a first ever for me. Anyways, I am two hours in, and I love this game... great fun...great story."
,Recommended,474960,26109267,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,burningmime,"I understand why this game has gotten such negative reviews from the press. As a *game* it's lackluster. There's nothing particuarly wrong with it, but the combat is yet another prosaic third-person cover shooter that we saw 300 of since Gears of War was released. The time powers add very little, and they're nothing that hasn't been seen in many other games. The shooting is never really that great, and becomes a slog by the middle of the game. Don't expect the same quality of action as Max Payne or Alan Wake offered.But as a *storytelling vehicle*, this is a unique and engaging experience. FMV in games was passe by the second Tex Murphy game and kept alive only in the C&C series in an increasingly campy manner. But here it works so well. You probably wouldn't sit down and watch a 25-minute in-engine cutscene, yet the 25-minute FMVs with great acting and decent character development make you feel like you're really inside a TV show, yet occasionally m,aking decisions to shape it. Given that, the combat sections are basically just filler between the complex and twisted story (presented both in the live-action episodes and long exploration sections with some limited interactivity).This is the kind of experience that treally no other game can give you, and given the budget required for it, no game probably will again for a long time. If you enjoy action-packed TV dramas, but wonder what would happen if characters had made some different choices, pick up this game right away."
,Recommended,474960,27347187,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Archerofyail,"Great story and fun gameplay. The final boss fight was frustrating because some mechanics weren't explained. The live action segments are enjoyable enough to watch, but I didn't feel like they integrated all that much into the game except for near the end."
,Recommended,474960,27358675,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dXP,"I am a huge fan of the Fringe series and was pleasantly surprised by the similarity in the cast and the overall atmosphere of the game. I wish the graphics were more realistic, like in Tomb Raider: Rise of the Tomb Raider.One may agree or disagree with me, but I think the graphics can definitely be improved.Awesome game! Show! I meant show!"
,Recommended,474960,27355813,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Reapes,"Brilliant !!!   I don't oftern write reviews but this one needed it,I absolutely loved this game the combination of a Live TV series and gameplay in one storyline is genius. it basically makes it a MovieTo be able to make decisions on the gameplay which effect the storyline of both gameplay and the Live TV series is epicI haven't enjoyed a Role Playing game like this in a very long time,  I will definitely be playing this again to see a different outcome.and I really really hope we see a sequel to this game because it was brilliant.Love this game, I recommend this to anyone"
,Recommended,474960,27311207,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Juviolex,"WHOOAAAAAAA, DUDE!Kiddin' but that is one of the best games. If you are one those guys who wants the good graphics and the rich-story, you need to buy it."
76561198134779850,Recommended,474960,26362379,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Artemis,"I absolutely LOVED this game. The story was fantastic (I am a pretty big sci-fi fan though), the characters and cast were amazing, and the entire pacing and filmography were outstanding.I understand the bad reviews, I really do. But you have to understand that this ISN'T JUST A GAME.  This is an interactive, profoundly story-driven, tv series. You don't play this game for the gameplay, you play it for the amazing story, narrative and characters."
76561197971249727,Recommended,474960,26056586,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Frak,Awesome game. Would also make a great TV show.  :)
76561198040934989,Recommended,474960,26112636,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Raider,Absolutely loved this game! The mo-cap and overall game design is stunning.
76561198025821209,Recommended,474960,26117306,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,warp0ut,"Good movie, interesting plot, lots of details(media, mails etc). Weak gameplay."
,Recommended,474960,26769878,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Allipo,★★★★★
35475458325897358,Recommended,474960,26832020,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Not House MD,"Mind blowing story, perfect story telling, fantastic mechanics in a fancy theme like time travel, best graphics out there and BOOM!!! There you have it. Quantum Break is by far the game I enjoyed most and the best movie you will find. You have a computer with a graphics card better than gtx 970 or r9 390. Go ahead and play native 1080p. If not, play on upscaled mode. You will miss the magic of graphics but believe, in this game, it is all about the story. Gongratulations Remedy on making the best game for 2016."
,Recommended,474960,26108116,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,☢ ColdFaced Lee Koji 屠る™ ☢,At first i misjudge the game cause of black screen at the startup of the game but i telling you that i turn on ultra from the in game option display that turn the the game to black screen and now i fix the black screen i can play normally.for this game don't go for the ultra if you do it will turn black screen in game start up.YES i recommended to anyone who is a fan of quantum break :)
76561198142043911,Recommended,474960,26102899,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,HHT_MATTHEW,"I think this game has a great story, and I love those amazing power in the game. I consider it is one of my favourite games currently."
76561198057596725,Recommended,474960,26453292,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,mutu2555,"Just completed one of the branching stories. Despite lacking the admospheric aspect of Max Payne or Alan Wake, Remedy proved once again that Single Player is the pinnacle of video games.Pros:Gorgeous graphics ( Upscaling is not noticable with all the post processing)Engaging StoryCharlie Pace is back from deadStrategy based combatCons:Story is shortGraphics are too demandingMouse and Keyboard combo lacks accesibiltyawkward Character movement"
,Recommended,474960,26461079,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,[C]yanide and [H]appiness,"Excellent story game, must have for people who are looking for fun combat but with the scales tipped towards the story. It's Remedy for god's sakes, Max Payne and Alan Wake didn't happen by accident.Thought the TV show part was a little weird at first but got used to stopping grabbing a beer and sitting down for the show after every act. The transition between the game and the series is not at all jarring, and you can skip the video anyway, though you lose some of the story if you do.Graphics are beautiful, had to tweak them a little to get it to run smooth on my GTX 970, but once I got it right, I had a great time. I would recommend taking the resolution scaling off, then trurning down the graphics and individually bringing them up. I lost a bit of volumetric lighting and high detail reflections, but it runs smoothly and pretty regardless.Highly recommended if you love story and substance."
,Recommended,474960,26377910,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,DoodlyDoodla,"I love this game. The story is amazing and the graphics isn't all bad either. In the beginging of the acts, you are given the choice to watch episodes that lasts about 20-30min. Personally I think that is awesome as it gives the game a better story and  some insights in the characters,   I am only 5 hours into the game, but I am confident the story will be as good the rest of the game.5/5"
76561198255580868,Recommended,474960,26447878,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,chadrambo02,"Very fun game to play! I give it an 8.5 out of 10. I know this would make the game file size enormous, but it would have been nice if the game had been a little more open. It was easy to figure out what to do for the most part. And there is only one way to do something. Also, at the junction points, the game doesn't really change. It would have been awesome to play entirely different story lines. Again I know this would make the file size so much bigger, but I think if their smart enough to make a game this fun, they can rise to the occasion.Overall still a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,474960,26429705,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,[SWE]best_jeppe,"Even though the story was a bit slow to pick up when it finally did I was intrigued and engaged all throughout the game. The story is by far the best part of the game so if story in games doesnt interest you then you might want to look somewhere else. The shooting/time powers are unfourtunately a bit lackluster in my opinion. Its serviceble but nothing memorable. Personally I think this game probably had worked better as an adventure game of sorts with no combat at all because everytime I went in to an encounter I just sighed and pushed through it to get to next exploratory part.The graphics are a bit mixed bag for me. The game looks really really good and there are some fairly advanced tech in the game BUT its muddled behind motion blur and depth of field which you can't turn off which makes the game at times look a bit smudged which was annoying. I have a i7 6700K and a overclocked 980Ti and I could get mostly a stable 60 FPS with everything set to High and resolution scaling set to off (it made the game look hideous).The liveaction bits were interesting but since I have only played the game once I am a bit unsure how much effect my choices actually had on the story and the show. I will probably go back and do the opposite choices to see how it effects the game.In conclusion, I think it was worth the €37 I payed for it and if you want an interesting story I would recommend it BUT I should add that to get the most out of the story and to truly understand it you will have to find and read every collectible in the game because they provide valuable information that enriches the story.Edit: I played this game on M+KB (like I do with all games) and I had no problem playing it at all."
,Recommended,474960,26351303,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Arcanester,"Feels like a great fusion of Alan Wake and Max Payne (which Remedy also made) Absolutely stellar game. Will play again (in a few patched time though) Fair warning, this game still has performance issues and crashes at times, but if you love Remedy's games like I do, then it's probably going to be worth it."
,Recommended,474960,26819855,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,|UTB|_Doug_,"1) Play level2) Make choices3) Watch episode based on choices4) ?????5) ProfitQuantum Break is a step in the right direction for science in games. The theoretical physics involved are mind-blowing. There's been a lot of research into this game, and it has paid off. The gameplay is a bit bulky, but the action, acting and graphics make up for that.Playing this game is more like a dedication of time rather than just a casual game. For me, this game makes you think strategically and gives you a good choice of ways to play.And just when you start to think the gameplay is enough, you get to watch a TV episode based on your choices! That's brilliant! Aidan Gillen (Game of Thrones), Shawn Ashmore (The Following [not his twin brother that played Jinx in Warehouse 13!]), Courtney Hope (Allegiant), Dominic Monaghan (Lord of the Rings), and Lance Reddick (Fringe) are just some of the brilliant cast of actors in the game, and they work together and in character really well.Solid 9/10 for this game. Only thing that could realy improve is the clunky controls. But when you're in the game, you don't really notice it until intricate parts of a level."
,Recommended,474960,26821438,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Rusty,"I am loving the game so far.Great acting and great voice acting.The grafics are demanding but look absolutly amazing. On the highest settings I could still run confortably above 70 FPS with very rare (unnoticeable) drops to the 60s. Also I am playing at 1440p on a GTX 1080. I will try it on my gtx 980 another time at 1080p but i expect no changes.Great story. I will not get into spoilers.Gameplay could be better.1- There is no crouching function, it is done for you automaticaly when near a smaller ""cover"" when under atack.2- You can't swap the over the sholder view while shooting from one side to the other. Or a first person mode.3- Aiming seems a tiny bit off.4- No scope for any of the weapons.5- Range limit for bullets? I haven't been able to hit a target unless they are within range. swaping for a sub lets me target further and rifle even more so. Do the bullets vanish or lose all damage over such short distance? Probably not. It isn't gamebraking for me, as i just forces you to use the right tool for the right job.The skills in this game (and skill upgrades) are awesome and you might endup underusing them in exchange of a more shoot-them-all kind of aproach. They do have enemies that will force you to use them a little more.From me it still gets a 9/10. Haven't finished it yet and I would already prebuy any sequel at this point."
,Recommended,474960,27557742,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Baddie™,Good game although doesnt run very well. Why no DX12 love for Steam?
,Recommended,474960,27548368,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Slender,"If you want to feel like Neo in the Matrix, look no further.9/10"
,Recommended,474960,27397131,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,joshdotmp4,"Haven't played too much of the game yet; only about 4 hours, but so far it's very interesting and fun! The long walls of text you may come across in the optional story ""collectibles"" scattered through the game are a bit daunting at first, but they're easy enough to skim over and get the gist of things. The gameplay itself is fantastic. I've been in love with any game that has time manipulation ever since I played Braid, and although this game is not puzzle-focused, it's a very good implementation of the mechanics they were going for. I played Alan Wake a long time ago and loved it, so it's very nostalgic for me to come across little easter eggs alluding to it. This game has some very nice charm to it, and the graphics are stunning. The story focus is something I haven't seen in games in a long while and it's great to see it again."
,Recommended,474960,27499839,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,NerdGinger,"Still have yet to finish the game, but after several hours of game play I have to say this game is amazing. The way it handles time and player movement to create a extremeling compeling 3rd person experience. I avoided buying the game because I wasn't sure if I would like it, but after buying it on sale I have to say its buck for buck one of the best purchases I have made on the Steam Store so far."
,Recommended,474960,27507037,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,VoidZero,This has a good story and in my oppinion good combat. I looks great and the sound is great too.I didn't enjoy the mini-series inside the game that much.But overall this is an enjoyable game that I can recommend.
,Recommended,474960,28609901,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Vitrix,Like all remedy games this as such good gameplay and a very good story. I love the live-action tv serie between each act.
,Recommended,474960,28693640,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Rio F10 Otaku,"Let me begin by saying this game was the soul reason I had even thought about getting a Xbox One so I was extremely excited when it came to PC. So my expectations of this game were extremely high.Pros:-This game is beautiful its extremely well built as far as graphics go.-The story is So-So I wont say it was great purely bacause I believe that the IRL episodes between each chapter were put there to give the game more girth which I think takes away from the game itself because that money could have been used to give me more gameplay were-as I spent over 2 hours watching a Netflix original quality show with a surprising cast full of recognisables.Cons:-The controls are absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥ I played this game with a xbox one wireless controller (if the game was made for it thats how i play it) and it still handled like rubish. I thought since it was platformed over to the PC the mouse and KB will work better dead wrong they were worse. I died more times to randomly taking cover directly toward my enemy then I can count. I garantee I would'v beat this game 2 hours earlier if the controls were optimized.-To easy thats all I have to say even at hard, with that being said the final Boss was a mother ♥♥♥♥er and thats because the game gave no info on the reason I was dying. I ended up having to look it up, which♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off.Im going to give it a thumbs up but if it was a 1-5 star ide give it 3.DO NOT BUY AT FULL PRICE GO ON♥♥♥♥♥OR GET IT ON SALE IF YOU SPEND MORE THEN 20$ ON IT YOUVE BEEN RIPPED OFF.Also theres a achievement for uninstalling 70GB's worth."
,Recommended,474960,28594535,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Gear,"Remedy delivers yet another amazing story driven game. It has good gameplay, it looks awesome, a gripping story and a good deal of content.Furthermore the inbetween 'movie ' episodes really add to the whole experience.Long story short, did you like alan wake? You'll love this! Buy it!"
76561198067679285,Recommended,474960,28492342,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Uzziss,"I had just finished the game, and i thouroughly enjoyed it, to any alan wake/max payne fans i recomend it as a must go, by far it is not perfect, but definetly superb, I am not gonna go in to the details as there is a hundreds of reviews on steam doing that , all i can say is that it is definetly worth the money"
,Recommended,474960,28507971,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Kram,"This is one of the best action / adventure games that I've played in recent years. The storyline is solid and interesting. The gameplay adds a pretty unique twist to the usual shooter.The first 'cutscene' that I encountered (really a 20 minute episode) was quite annoying, more because I wasn't expecting it and I was about to wrap up for the night. After that, and forewarned with this expectation, I rather enjoyed the remaining episodes between acts.The character models are really detailed, and whilst not perfect, they are really approaching a new level of realism.There are a few slightly annoying bugs and jitters here and there, but these are certainly not game-stopping.On the whole, very enjoyable, and recommended."
,Recommended,474960,28483596,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,v3r1tas12,I love the game so far but crashes during the live action parts im giving it a thumbs up because it is a good game but if you care about the story (which i assume is shown also in live action i wouldnt know since it crashes) like me then skip it till its updated. I didnt know about this problem when i bought it (i saw the 70gb space it needs so i skipped playing it till now) so im really glad i bought it when it was on sale for 29.99edit: saw a thread that has a fix for the problem some say it works some say it doesnt so hope that you are one of the lucky once (i havent tried it since i unistalled this game before i saw the possible fix and i need space for some games i want to play)
,Recommended,474960,28465797,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Upana,"It's more an interactive story than it is a game. Very enjoyable however. If you see this on sale, I'd highly recommend."
76561197972435264,Recommended,474960,28020130,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The Spartan,"I have never felt the need or desire to write game reviews. I am picky, I play them and really care more about replayability and how many hours I will choose to let the game suck from my life!! However, though I have played many games, THIS game has been the most story rich game I have ever played. Games dealing with time can be risky. They usually either suck bad and fail at a good plot but replace it with cool weapons, soundtracks, etc or they are too short, too confusing or just get it wrong. This game got it right. The plot works, you dont need a degree in whatever it is to understand the story and its the right mix of interaction and story. The ""show"" part is actually worth watching and it has a high replayability by offering choices."
,Recommended,474960,28021193,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MoDFoX,"Wow. I had a lot of fun with this game. While a few times I felt like perhaps the game forgot what it was, a puzzle platformer, a shooter, something else, it still felt solid in the paths it chose.  The mechanics and gunplay are fairly well done, and the story is intriguing.I really really enjoy what Remedy has done with the story, you have very high quality in-game character models who represent their real-life actors for the three 20 minute episodes in the game. These episodes help break up the gameplay by allowing you to sit back and just watch for a minute. Not only this, but they provide an excellent way of showing you what other characters are doing while you are off shooting baddies and saving the world.I'd give this a solid 8 or 8.5/10"
76561198199782941,Recommended,474960,30967202,Posted: 5 April,all,Riskrider,"From the get-go this game is intriguing, well made and fun. The combat is phenominnal, I only wish there was more content."
76561198176586327,Recommended,474960,28000829,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Eloy,one of the most entertaining shooter gameplay. excellent story and backgroundof the characters.Great combination of a game and a tv serie.9/10
76561197999754280,Recommended,474960,27916165,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ThreeDayBeard,"I wanted to give QB my unhesitating thumbs up, but I can't.Maybe you can make up your mind whether the game is for you by reading my two cents.QB is an action game and narrative-driven.  You play some levels, make some heavy decisions, then get to see a live-action episode before the next Act begins.  Here's what I thought:Technology:  I played on a Windows 7, with a core i7. a GTX 980 and 12 GB RAM.  I put it on ultra preset and then moved a couple of the detail sliders higher, and I think the lowest my frames ever went were 50 fps.  The game played flawlessly for me.  It did not crash at all and I had a smooth ride all the way through.Presentation:  Very slick.  Like a television production.  Well directed, well-written, well-acted.  Very immersive.  The live action episodes were lengthy, too- 20-30 minutes each.  Very well done.Story:  Nicely told, gripping, interesting characters.  The story itself was interesting, and, for one involving time travel, not puzzling or brain-draining.  The only error the writers committed was not wrapping everything up into a satisfying package at the end.  They obviously wanted to leave a sequel on the table, but there are good ways to do that while *still* providing a satisfying ending to the present tale, and unfortunately they failed here.  It's one of the ""you'll have just as many questions at the end as you have at the beginning"" sort of deals.Action level design:  Very straight-forward.  Very linear.  You have no choice about how to proceed through the levels.  You have cool powers, but you get to use them only when the designers want you to.  That sort of thing.  You do get to choose the order you upgrade your powers.  The upgrades are generous, and you will get all of them by the end, if you want.  Normal difficulty level will not be very challenging for the experienced gamer.Collectibles:  All optional, but all contribute to the narrative.  Much won't be explained unless you interact with the collectibles:  text, video, audio, it's all there.  Game voiceovers from chracters, too, about the content.So why do I hesitate to recommend this game?  Because of the last part of the last act.  It is extremely poorly designed, to the point that it sticks out like a sore thumb and threatens to ruin the experience.  It is frustratingly hard,  totally breaks the immersion of the story from having to retry it over and over, and even after you know what to do, isn't any fun.  It was *massively disappointing* because the rest of the game was so engrossing.  Do yourself a favor, and if you get the game, when you get to the very end... prepare for frustration and maybe go read an article about that part, then go try it.  I wish I had-- but I was afraid of spoilers.  Believe me, when you get to that point, there's nothing left to spoil.  Just go read about that part and then return to the game, and you'll save yourself a lot of frustration.So I guess I will recommend the game after all, even with the ugly wart on its nose.  The rest of the face is joy."
76561198042491113,Recommended,474960,28402444,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,amagi82,"I really enjoyed the story, the actors were top notch, and the graphical time effects were spectacular. The live action intermissions were an interesting touch, and while some don't like their gameplay interrupted by 20 minute videos, I would have rather the entire story simply have been a TV show rather than a game. Why? Because the combat was rather uninspiring, repetitive, and frankly boring. Most of it wasn't particuarly challenging, except the parts that were, where you discover the game's lack of timely save points, resulting in you replaying the same long cutscene and really long combat over and over and over until you finally, unsatisfyingly, beat it. The difficulty really is all over the place. I'm also rather sick of games where you need to shoot 700 rounds of ammunition into someone's face to take them out, and this game is a prime offender. Combat would have been vastly more enjoyable with one-shot-one-kill mechanics, with the same applied to you. The other bit of weirdness from a storytelling perspective is the game mechanics which encourage you to stop and peruse peoples' thousand word emails to get a grasp on the story, while time is about to end and everyone and everything is riding on you saving the world NOW. It's a strange, and not entirely well thought out story decision.So would I recommend it? Yes, but turn the difficulty down to easy, particularly for the final boss. The combat isn't rewarding enough to justify lingering on it any longer than necessary, and the story is where the actual enjoyment lies. Others have complained about performance, but I had no trouble running the game in 1440p with a mediocre graphics card (GTX 960) at 60fps. If your system is utter crap, you may have trouble, but it's a AAA game, so hey. Graphics."
,Recommended,474960,28312511,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Subtilizer,"This game has caught my attention when I first saw its trailer.. And after getting it, I'd say it was worth the money.The only thing I find annoying is the ""live action show"" but hey, that's just me. Everything else is very good."
76561197976338596,Recommended,474960,28305481,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,CBO,"I was genuinely surprised at how good the story was. If you are interested in sci-fi stories involving time travel, then definitely pick it up. The combat related powers are interesting and the pacing of getting new abilities is good.If you're still on the fence, then wait until it goes on sale again (hopefully soon)."
76561198143669112,Recommended,474960,28310173,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,DefiantCrow,"Very intetesting story with decent action gameplay. To be honest, I expected yhe gunplay to be better but other aspects of the game made it of the most enjoyable games I've ever played."
76561198195642343,Recommended,474960,28301610,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Charlie_578732282,"Quantum Break features a superb ""time travel"" theme story and many creative super power like time stop and time sprint.Looks forward for the sequel."
,Recommended,474960,28298716,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Lysandher,"Fantastic game!  Good story, good gameplay, loved the actors and the tv-show cut scenes!  It all drew me in and I couldn't stop playing.  I highly recommend this game!"
76561198320728723,Recommended,474960,28171570,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Kirisute,this damn game is just awesome i mean come  it's all about ♥♥♥♥ing time up short story long get this game!
76561198071478703,Recommended,474960,28788262,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,JaD,"Quantum Break is a very beautiful game with an engaging story and somewhat mediocre and repetitive combat.The game has 5 acts and each act has 2-4 chapters. The chapters themselves are a good mix of action, exploration and some platforming and light puzzles.The action consists of shooting bad guys while using your awesome time powers to gain an advantage. The shooting is nothing groundbreaking and sometimes the time powers might be a little awkward to use but the combat is satisfying enough overall.A few chapters are exploration only and some people may call them ""walking simulators"". I do not mind that because the atmosphere is very rich and the story and acting are very good.Speaking of acting, every character in the game is a very exact representation of real actors and actresses. Remedy has done a superb modeling and mo-cap job. You will be astonished how good the facial expressions and lip-sync are.Moreover, there is a live-action show between the acts, which features the same characters. Every episode of the show is around 20 minutes long and shows the consequences of some key decisions you have to make throughout the game.The decisions do not affect the overall story and that seems to be a problem for some people. However, without spoiling anything, I believe this is a very conscious thing that Remedy have done. You will understand if you play the game, though.On a technical level, Quantum Break seems to be a well-optimized game and ran OK for me with the exception of some random frame drops in ceratin places.I can recommend buying this game if you are a sucker for time travel stories like me, or you generally like a good story. If you just want a shooter, you should go somewhere else."
,Recommended,474960,28826566,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Asaph,"I really enjoy this game because the story telling is so innovative. it's refreshing to have a game focusing so much on story.The game mechanics are good enough and it seems like they did everything from the main menu to how the game works to give you the best story telling experience they could.Kodus to them I say!The game looks great, you can shoot 'things' and use 'powers' but make no mistake, the story is the gem."
76561197970533201,Recommended,474960,28887647,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,mythmaker,"I like the overall look and gameplay mechanics of this title, but I'm not sure what to make of the ""Episode"" portion of it as it doesn't actually come WITH the game and you have to stream via internet connection from a server that apparently gets bogged down from time to time... so gee - I hope it's not important to the story or anything. All I got was an error message that said ""UNABLE TO STREAM: We are unable to connect to the streaming service"" forcing me to skip the episode to keep playing. Of course the game must have picked up right at a cliff-hanger in the episode itself because I had no idea how I got where I was or who anyone was. Hint to the game developers - why not just include the episodic portions of the game as a nice, compact, optimized video file that  actually comes WITH the game itself? I'm pretty sure you could compress it all down into about 700MB of storage space. Otherwise - the game looks amazing, nice fluid frame rates and some of the best in-game motion capture/voice acting yet. It's so good that I still recommend it even without being able to watch the video portion of the game."
,Recommended,474960,28847212,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,subType,The story had me hooked from the start enough so that as soon as I completed the game I started a new game just to see how the different choices change the game. They dont make massive changes to the FMV footage but there are a few changes. There are some elements of the story that do not get explained and some characters just drop out of the story. I think one big plot point at the end needs further expansion on which never does and is a setup for sequal. Also there is an end credit scene.I found the game play fun if nothing new and I found most of the battles a bit easy. The level designs are fantastic and really detailed. I found during my second run thgough i noticed a lot more as there are some time periods you revisit but play though differently.I'm not a big fan of collecting items but its not a massive chore in such a linear game as this and reading the emails was a good aid to the narrative. Sometimes I would have liked to had new conversation arcs open up from the emails as you learn things that should gain responses from your allies.This is a very linear game like tomb raider but with story diven games like these i dont careThe game runs smoothly for me but I am running an i7 with a 1070. The FMV scenes are streamed when you get to the points and I do wonder how long these will be available for. Would be nice to have the optionb to download them as part of the game but it would make the download pretty big. Each FMV section is around 25 minutes but the game didnt really need these and the same message could have been give with in game footage.I feel that this game is worth every penny and hope we get more
76561198202491140,Recommended,474960,27996709,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Stormborn,shut up and take my money
,Recommended,474960,28303335,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,D00msbringer666,Absolutely amazing 10/10. I thought the story was unbelievable and the integration of a show was perfect.
76561198075727001,Recommended,474960,25814298,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,SCwirlify,"There is one reason, and one reason only, that I give this game a bad review, and that is the Final Boss Fight. The game is otherwise fine and sometimes even Great! I could choose to go into detail about the idiocy that I have encountered on the said portion of the game, but I am to arrogant to do so. There are many reasons to play this game, but unfortionatly the last ten minutes of the game makes it worthless. I wish it was not so, but it is. It is the very personification of the proverbial instance of giving a child a lollipop and then ripping it away. Do not be charmed, nor tempted. The game is great, untill the very last piece. The final fight. The developers clearly wanted us and you to suffer the idiocy and pain that only true evil can muster. Do not give them your money. They hate the player. They want us to suffer. Do not give them the sattifaction."
,Recommended,474960,27196619,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BlackBirdNL,"Edit, I stand corrected. The combat improves over time. Though the not being able to run and gun still bothers me.------------------------------------------------------The fact this game got so many positive reviews baffles me. Yeah maybe ""the story is great"", but the combat is awfull. The powers have to real effect, your weapons don't handle well but most of all, you can't shoot without aiming. Meaning you're standing 1m away from an enemy and you're forced to zoom in."
,Recommended,474960,28773093,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Dj Vlamos,Totally worth it for about 27 Euros or less.Remedy made once again an amazing game :)
76561198131456140,Recommended,474960,28709126,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,abcast,美剧与游戏的完美结合，画面惊艳，剧情精彩，但是战斗略显老套。
,Recommended,474960,28786051,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,DJ K3ViN |-/,I loved this game. The story is amazing and I found myself intrigued by the mixture of gameplay and television-show-esq videos. Each choice has weight. I loved many of the different game mechanics and enemies. I loved my first playthrough and am excited for more.
76561197971073368,Recommended,474960,28799591,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Chocolate Hobnob,"Time travel fun with Iceman, Merry and Littlefinger!!!"
,Recommended,474960,28819119,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Positron,Just started this game and damn...  Already sucked me in.  Truly a well designed game and storyline.
76561198042282745,Recommended,474960,28795042,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,G-Force Gaming,"Just finished this brilliant movie/game and I gave to say, although im a little annoyed at how short it is, for how it out laid out and for the narrative its a decent length overall.If you like heavy story driven games with lots to read, watch and do and immerse yourself into them, then this is a must buy, I'd get it on sale though, as I think the full price for 10 hours of gameplay, which includes over an hour of actual movie is a bit too much. Its not like remedy or microsoft are small companies who need all the support they can get by justifying £30 for it.The story is very engaging and immersive and not too far fetched really. I enjoyed it from start to finish, which I didn't stop playing all the way through.If you are looking for a decent shooter then this isn't it. If you are looking for a great story to loose yourself in then this is for you"
,Recommended,474960,29049458,Posted: 5 January,all,BC9000,"I am a big fan of story driven titles and this game certainly delivered! If you are looking for a game that will let you enjoy an adventure while letting you fool with some fun mehanics and great story, then I recomend you give Quantunm Break a whirl."
,Recommended,474960,28976310,Posted: 3 January,all,bleukreuz,Great action adventure story-oriented game with great time-travelling story. Well worth the buy. I have a problem with the game crashing everytime I tried to watch  the live-action episode but I can watch them on Youtube so it's ok.
,Recommended,474960,29013140,Posted: 4 January,all,Mouth Breather,"Love the game. Very happy that it was brought to steam store and it isnt just an Xbox exclusive (owner of a broken xbox).The game story is really good but quite short. It also has these in game Tv shows that im not particularly fond of, id rather have played those tv show stories in the game.Its not too expensive in my opnion, and definitely a good grab on sale. Cheers!"
76561198049830814,Not Recommended,474960,28743525,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Godfrey,"Quantum Break, now this game is an interesting project to look at. It isn't as much a game as it is a show. The game feels like it was made by someone trying to make a new show for the space channel and someone trying to make a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥third person shooter with some zany time elements. Overall it kinda just makes me wanna play other games, like Max Payne or even just some good old tomb raider. Its lack of actual enjoyable gameplay shows when you are using your powers. You get a few that are great but I found myself using only one of them and it wasn't even that good. Also the guns feel like toys, I played on normal difficulty and enemies just soaked up so many hits, even when shot in the head. This game also has the invincible enemies, so a mechanic in the game stops time for all enemies unless they are weraring special gear, but when this happens they are the only enemies that can be shot and killed. Overall the game made me just feel like I wanted more game from it and less TV show. Each level is broken up by an act that is in itself broken up by a 22 minute episode of a show. Which just makes the whole TV show feel even worse and pulled my out of the experience due to the fact that the cutsences looked different from the game due to the actors being real and not animated. But with my final note I will say that choosing actual pretty decent actors was the best choice and it did somewhat sell the terrible story. But if I am going to say it, no dont get this game, play it at a friends place or even just watch a lets play. Cause Quantum Break is not worth the money."
,Recommended,474960,28947172,Posted: 2 January,all,Officer Meow Meow Fuzzyface,"Rock solid game.  The action is constant, but not repetitive or boring, and it drives the story rather than the story being just a reason why you're shooting people. Only one real boss battle, which was difficult enough to be frustrating, but not difficult enough to make me ragequit. 8/10"
76561198025598976,Recommended,474960,28813227,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,dsnerdking,"*tldr* the best I've seen time travel done in probably anything. also there's shooting.so, i'm not saying everyone would give this a 10 out of 10, but it hits all the right spots for me. i love a strong narrative, solid interesting game play and good pacing. i go crazy for amazing graphics and gorgeous set pieces. i love this game and i make no analogies for that.game play is solid. the time powers really help you to feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥ the guns feel solid and forceful. combat is fast paced. its varied enough to keep you interested and challenging enough to keep you on your toes. there's allot to like here.the story is phenomenal. a sci-fi that keeps you wondering till the very end. it has memorable endearing characters that keep you invested throughout the experience. the pacing is really good although some will be put off by the live action breaks. i thought they were a nice rewards you were gifted with throughout the story. it was an interesting concept and i would encourage other developers to try it out for themselves.the graphics are soooooo good. easily one of the best looking games I've seen. the lighting is crazy the facial models are spot on and textures are to die for. tomb raider might be a better looking game but its in a close ball park.if it wasn't obvious already i really liked this game. it isn't going to impress every one the same way it did me but if you really live for that linear single player narrative experience? i think your going to like it."
,Recommended,474960,28815523,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,karl barx,"♥♥♥♥ing fun game. Time control is an interesting gameplay mechanic that is very well implemented here. The default PC controls for the powers are strange, but luckily they can be rebound to whatever you want (I put them all on my mouse). Graphics are THE BEST I have ever seen in a game. Ran this off a GTX 1080 and i7 5820k at 2560x1080 maxed out, with a fluid 60fps. Story is also a strong point, but by far the best part of this game is how everything wraps up in the end, with all anomalies solved. I did buy this during the steam sale for 30 dollars, but I'd pay full price for sure. The campaign is a bit short (I beat it in 7 hours), but man, it's a ton of fun.Definitely recommend, but make sure you've got a beefy GPU."
,Recommended,474960,28923157,Posted: 1 January,all,Takwin,"SCORE: 7.5/10I do recommend it, but with some reservations. It is only worth a sale price. It has ok gameplay, but definitely has some issues. It still has quite a few bugs and in the 15-hour playthrough, it crashed numerous times. The cover system and gunplay was ok at best. You push through it for story.The story itself was enjoyable and live action stuff was passable. I would've just preferred more interspersed in-game cinematics though. The story does an actual good job with time travel but I won't spoil the details. It adhered to how we think differences would work between changing the past and the future."
,Recommended,474960,28923308,Posted: 1 January,all,AUSTINTACIOUS,"This is definitely up there with the greats and a must play game. The storyline is fantastic and really draws you in, gameplay you cannot fault although I am not sure it needed the platforming element to it (although very little of it). The way you can control time and manipulate time to kill people is brilliant!!! The game is very unique with it's streaming movie/tv style actual real life acting in cut scenes with some decent cast. The graphics are some of the best I have ever seen. You can definitely see why this game was originally going to be a sequel to Alan Wake. It certainly has the same sort of feel to it and in the game it even makes references to Alan Wake.This is a must have in your library!"
,Recommended,474960,27430955,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Shane,"Pros: An amazing story, with intense action sequences and plot twists, leaving you wanting a sequel. Decent graphics. Unique time-manipulating gameplay.Cons: A typical linear action game, with little to no replayability."
,Recommended,474960,32149383,Posted: 3 June,all,Anonymous,how do I get the live action episodes
,Recommended,474960,31782187,Posted: 15 May,all,Rufiyu,"Single player games should have a story like this, not only that its a game its like watching a series as well. As a game it great with all the time manipulating powers you have you can turn the battlefield into a playground.Pros+ great visuals+ great optimization+ many time skills to use+ great story telling+ they hired good actors for their characters+ has lenghty mini series clips to let you catch up with the story+ choices in game that has an effect on the story.Cons- story is quite short- encountered a few glitch in gameOverall: 8/10"
,Recommended,474960,27600228,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MisterPhillthy,"Awesome stuff, almost loved this as much as Alan Wake.Great game and TV show"
,Recommended,474960,31752231,Posted: 14 May,all,Cruinn,"Superb game, if you've got a boner for time manipulation/travel and love a good story (with a ♥♥♥♥ing TV show included) play this game."
76561198242666770,Recommended,474960,31752144,Posted: 14 May,all,chocho !,"Amazing game, It was so immersive so i actually sat down for about 12 hours nonstop. I pay attention and value the storylines more than gameplay , So I loved the movie scene at the end of every chapter. it feels like movie that you take a role in. Artwork, storyline, background, graphic showing the distortion of time, everything was perfect!  cleary Remedy put a great effort and passion to make this game and the result was amazing!few things that upset me just a little was:The character Liam was too dynamic to be used as 'stage boss'. it was kinda anti-climatic. I'm not saying that he can't be a stage boss but we don't even know what happened to him after the fight. maybe if remedy makes sequel there's more focus on Liam?? and how come there's no trading card for Liam?? :( I got Jack, so its okay.I'm a person that can't enjoy the open ending, I don't understand if Remedy was trying to allude to the sequel or just leave it to our imagination.but It wouldn't stop me from playing it again! To see the different choices and consequences I make, to look at character's different sides.buy this game guys! so Remedy can make money and create sequel!!"
,Recommended,474960,31767745,Posted: 15 May,all,Smiley_120,We need more like this. I really love the fact that you get so immersed in the story through the episodes in between and great cutscenes. Even during the episodes I found myself clutching my mouse with my hand on the keyboard. Really enjoying this game/show.
76561198041554385,Recommended,474960,31762675,Posted: 14 May,all,Jevsster,"Felt like a mini series, awesome story, great battle system,  movement felt sloppy at times but it's a must buy if you like cinematic games"
76561198091091610,Not Recommended,474960,25830195,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,MethLab...,The story line is good it is just that the story line is too short and there is some bugs and there is no reload animasion but other than that it is a good game i just wish that the story was longer i finished it in only 7 hours so the story could be longer but it is a good game
,Recommended,474960,32123048,Posted: 1 June,all,Milktavious,This is one of my favorite single player games to date. The story is incredable I played it from start to finish with only food and bathroom breaks. I would highly recommend this game if you like story rich games.I hope to see more games like this in the future.
76561197993946610,Recommended,474960,32140457,Posted: 2 June,all,CrazySajan,If you are Max Payne fan this you will enjoy this game a lot. Story is great and complex but you have to read a lot of notes and emails if you want to fully understand it (you dont have to by the way). It would be great if the story was little bit longer but still game is very entertaining. The final battle is really pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ I am using 1080ti with 3440X1440 on max settings and game runs between 45-75 fps with occasional frame drops. I would recommend the game and if they make second part I will play it for sure
,Recommended,474960,32139665,Posted: 2 June,all,Eósfórósxx,ive been wanting this game since it came out but i never got around to it. i got it on sale on here for 20 bucks :D and its a really great game so far. worth it!
,Recommended,474960,32140100,Posted: 2 June,all,DisAcc,Quantum Break.. One of the Best single player game i've played ever. first hour playing.. Blown my mind.. And the end ? Of course blown my job... I mean.. my mind too
,Recommended,474960,32130228,Posted: 2 June,all,R4NKEDBUB,"One of the best games I've played. Great story, great gameplay. great array of characters.10/10 IGN"
76561198154143791,Recommended,474960,32143842,Posted: 2 June,all,epsilon7,"10/10 game, must buy, run nice in amd 8350 with amd radeon r9 380 4gb no problems for now."
,Recommended,474960,32152357,Posted: 3 June,all,FALLENGAMING949,Great Game Really Fun.
76561198143395097,Recommended,474960,32192939,Posted: 4 June,all,Fireman2228,"This game was exceptional! I loved every moment that I played in this time-traveling epic. I was so hooked to the story and T.V. show that I honestly forgot to breathe. If you love messing with the concept of time and its consequences, added with thrilling action that ceases to stop. Play this amazing story driven narrative. Remedy Entertainment knows how to make games that will leave you starving for more.Reading some of the negative reviews, I noticed some people complained about performance. I had no such issues and I was blown away by the graphics and realism in this game.In my opinion this is a work of art. 10/10 ""Chronons"" from me"
76561197983271801,Recommended,474960,32169691,Posted: 4 June,all,Canadian,while straight forward in a way and only midly difficult combat(time powers are really op lol!!) this game and the story it tells is a wonderful experience. defintly worth getting especially if you get it on a sale
,Recommended,474960,32178627,Posted: 4 June,all,boruteferra,"Dont feel like spoiling the game by mentioning the pros and cons but ever watched interstellar? How about Edge of Tomorrow? Iff so did you enjoy those movies?! Well Its the same with this game. You will be sitting at the edge of your seat while you play trying to find out what will happen next. I would rate it 10/10. As for some of the comments with poor fps I am not sure why theyre getting it but I am playing this on a 1080 hybrid & i7-6700k with avg 50 fps everything maxed out. Even though I paid $25 for the game with soundtrack, its definitely worth the retail price($50)."
,Recommended,474960,32370623,Posted: 12 June,all,Ghost,"Pros :- Great story... and for a time travel story it is very coherent, no slip ups.. love the twist in the end..- the gameplay is just amazing, ur powers are just too awesome to not try combos with them.- collecting documents is easy and interesting, u will learn more abt the main story there- live tv show is very goodCons :- the cover mechanics is stupid.. couldve been better- guns are boring- your choices do not affect the final act of the story, thus i wasnt tempted to do a replay.- Bugs and glitches force you to restart to checkpoint .. happened to me 5 times atleastThis game easily gets :9/10 story telling.. reminds me of singularity btw8/10 gameplay7/10 game mechanics.."
76561197967324471,Recommended,474960,32322295,Posted: 10 June,all,H.U.N.K,Iteresting and unique story telling plagued by bugs and errors but if you canwork around  them theres great fun to be had.
76561198109661777,Recommended,474960,32345994,Posted: 11 June,all,Lord_of_Cinder,One of he best story teller game ever. Quantum Break is game that have a action sci-fi story and powerful game play. This game use difference way to tell a story and has great action part. I love this game and I will looking forward to Quantum Break 2.
,Recommended,474960,32260127,Posted: 7 June,all,anskotomov,That was neat. There should be more interactive tv shows.
76561198010918260,Recommended,474960,32171646,Posted: 4 June,all,Oguum,So far just wow... JUUUUST wow... :D
76561198018595839,Recommended,474960,32284474,Posted: 8 June,all,BlackChopa14,"Solid game for sure, its a mixture of game and movie and the acting i think its pretty good. Still, im kinda dissapointed with Liam Burke cause that guy was da beast and well...you know or youll know"
,Recommended,474960,32285917,Posted: 9 June,all,AwesomeNick,"It could probably run better, and the story has some loop holes or loose ends (its a bit hard to keep track of), but it's a solid 3rd person story focused cover shooter with some time power twists that are really cool. Definitely fun when you're looking to get your fix of this particular game.Oh, and the TV show's not bad."
76561197996096950,Not Recommended,474960,32282017,Posted: 8 June,all,GroinGusset,"This is an amazing looking game, that is very story heavy, but it has taken me years to play just because the game play is so frustrating. It was nearly impossible for me to focus on the story, play it, and have a decent idea of what was happening. The story is a mish-mash of Sci-Fi and industrial espionage that would have made a great show, but fails to fully bring the story together because of the horrilbe gameplay. I shouldn't have said it would make a great show, becasue there is literally a show that you have to watch (after slogging through endless button timed action sequences) if you want to follow the plot."
,Recommended,474960,32278391,Posted: 8 June,all,MBB^DA,Really fun and interesting.First time playing i already loved it. The concept is amazing!!=D
76561198291574360,Recommended,474960,32278555,Posted: 8 June,all,RenzoDep,Really cool game !
76561198371930295,Recommended,474960,32284442,Posted: 8 June,all,IAmA_FaX_Machine,"Storyline is good, they got some great actors for the main roles (I love anything that has actors from the wire!), and the game play is simple but fun.  Totally worth it!"
76561198089705967,Recommended,474960,32308627,Posted: 9 June,all,TagMeister,awesome story and gameplay..
,Recommended,474960,32179998,Posted: 4 June,all,xptonile-YT,"This game is amazing, I never played a game so good, this is an examples for other games.If I rate 0-10, I give 20.Espectacular game Remedy Entertainment."
,Recommended,474960,32394547,Posted: 13 June,all,Electronically Enthused,"Quantum Break was a very unique experience. The game is extremely story driven, and the story is great to say the least. After each chapter a 20 minute ""movie"" plays, and then the game picks up where the movie left off. The gameplay did not feel repitive or monotonomus as I feared it would. I only have a few gripes, it doesn't seem to be optimized the BEST, but also I have a budget rig. i5 6600k @ 4.6GhZ and a gtx 1060 Ftw with a +100MhZ offset. I ran the game almost flawlessly at approximately medium presets. Also I wasn't a huge fan of a part or two of the game that seemed to really heavily on platforming aspects that didn't run how I would like them too. However those are easily forgiveable given the unique, and awesome experience I received while playing Quantum Break."
76561198037314419,Recommended,474960,32394589,Posted: 13 June,all,abuzarhassan,not bad waiting long time to get this.
76561198016003941,Recommended,474960,32436273,Posted: 15 June,all,jdgonzo82,"A great game with superb presentation that, in some cases, can get in the way of the momentum/flow. this is a story rich game with a lot of cut scenes and 3 or 4 tv episodes inbetween the 5 chapters of gameplay. the tv episodes run for around 15 minutes and do ok at furthering the story and adding depth to the characters. acting is ok to good...bit cringey in places but as a package it all serves well. took me 12 hours to complete which i enjoyed mostly, just had to get used to being patient and take in the story. Action is intense and the controls are good with lots of tools at hand to give you the edge when things get busy! Overall, worth grabbing in a sale, definitely worth £15.7.5/10"
76561198119912770,Recommended,474960,32194715,Posted: 5 June,all,JerrySkyWalker,"Completed it, just a word, it was awesome despite all those negative reviews, not like any games that i've played before, it was simply amazing, running quite well on a 1st generation processor. Hoped there will be the 2nd."
76561198048178250,Recommended,474960,32358063,Posted: 11 June,all,Solid Khan,"When I first heard about Quantum Break on the PC, I saw that it was an unoptimized mess. Having now bought it and played to completion, the unoptimization can be slightly forgiven because of its engaging story and satisfying combat.Pros- The combat is pretty solid, time powers make you feel like a God among men.- Story is interesting, with very well acted cutscenes- As an extension to the above point, the live-action sequences are pretty decent- Many in-game collectible hunting that feed the player many intricate details of the game's lore- Graphics can look spectacular.... *at times*Cons-The game focuses heavily on intense lighting, but it works against the game, making the character models look ugly.- Constant framerate drops due to unoptimization and the consistent shift from cutscene to gameplay- Automatic cover makes Jack Joyce awkward to control in combat, most notably during the final boss battle when you constantly need to be on the move and then he just sticks to a wall if you get too close.- Nissan product placementOverall I'd give this a 7/10. Don't buy this at full price. I got this at 50% off, but if you can get it for even lower than that, go for it."
,Recommended,474960,32296755,Posted: 9 June,all,Kraftwerk,"It is a game. But it is also an artistic masterpiece, which deserves the recognition it doesn't have unfortunately. It is beautifully well-written with understandable characters, who are not just pieces that you can juggle with or use your superpowers. It is indeed a novel and a game. Two in one. I strongly recommend everyone to play it."
,Recommended,474960,32781735,Posted: 25 June,all,Jezmilar,For Action game friends this game has- Top of the line story and storytelling- Truly awesome presentation- A fun if somewhat simple gameplay with cool mechanics (Time Wizardry)
76561198129354588,Recommended,474960,32813210,Posted: 26 June,all,DA SAMOORAIIIIIIIIIII,"What you should expect before going into this game: A TV series that has elements simillar to The Walking Dead. When I first saw this I thought, ""this is game?""Needless to say the game plays and looks like the lovechild of Deus ex and Uncharted. Characters will be kinda forgettable but they do what they need to so theres no real problem there. Some textures get a bit blurry and it does look out of place. They did try to put in a leveling system but that literally fell flat after I put in the first perk and never used it again.Overall, its decent, but by no means a masterpiece in my book though."
76561198116134779,Recommended,474960,32907320,Posted: 27 June,all,ONO,"not bad but very short, the film between act is terrible. waste of time, only worth it when heavily discounted"
,Recommended,474960,32831311,Posted: 26 June,all,Old Snake,"Great story and storytelling, great graphics and new gameplay mechanics.for its price its a bargain."
,Recommended,474960,32883982,Posted: 27 June,all,Kotzilla,"Kind of buggy in some places and bad pc port, but overall i enjoyed the game. It had really enteraining gameplay and wasn't too easy, so i'd say it's worth it on a sale."
,Recommended,474960,32839047,Posted: 26 June,all,Mr_Muerto,"Remedy is one of those few developers that know how to write a story. The game is great, not perfect, thre is some bugs here and then. But at is core, the game is a lot of fun. The shooting is just like Max Payne, but more robust and with more options. The choices that you take during the game affect some parts of the game as well as the live episodes. Wich by the way are not bad, not cheap, and well acted. Is to bad the final boss is a drag.+Good Story+Good Shooting Mechanics+Play it again to see the different choices take effect.-bugs-lame final bossFinal toughts, were is May Payne 4 Remedy? Where?"
76561198004922445,Recommended,474960,32843083,Posted: 26 June,all,|2occo,"A cover based FPS game with Time Paradox driven storyline. A+ for story and acting, B+ for gameplay."
76561198094296752,Recommended,474960,33135698,Posted: 2 July,all,Orangutan,"No spoilersDisclaimers: Completed the playthrough in 9 hours, medium difficulty. Game crashed one time but other than that, did not encounter any issues while playing the game.Gameplay 3/5This is a role playing story rich action game. You use time manipulating powers to kill enemies and pass through obstacle. However your main weapon to deal damage remains guns. Which you can carry upto 3 at a time. On medium difficulty, I never faced any ammo problems. The aiming can sometime feel weird and some guns are underwhelming. But it never distracts from the gameplay.Story 5/5The story follows few main characters after a significant event happens and threatens everything these characters care about. You get to choose certain elements of the story line but it does not change the arc of the over all story. After every act, there is a live action cut scene which really makes the story more immersive and makes you feel you are playing a movie at times. The game also takes breaks from following the lead character to show what is going on with others which keeps the game from getting monotonous. The stakes are high for all the characters and that helps the game have no downtine in the story. Story is the main reason you will play this game and it is definitely does the game justice.Characters 5/5Characters are the strength of this game and they are what makes the overall experience worth remembering. All the effects and story does not have an effect if the actors are not good at their job and thankfully, here it is not the case.Motion capture and the voice acting is great. Some character really gets to shine in some of the cutscene.Replayability 4/5With the timeline feature, you can replay or rewatch any part of the game once you have progressed through it. You can even make different choices and see its impact on the following act. However, the ending remains the same.Overall 4/5Without giving anything away from the story, I think this a good purchase for the story-rich, sci-fi, single player fans. If you don't like long cutscene, finding and reading story elements hidden in the game then stay away."
,Recommended,474960,33217796,Posted: 3 July,all,TheReaper,"Quantum Break is a capable shooter with interesting mechanics and perhaps slightly clumsy controls. Where it really shines, though, is in its story telling. This is one of the best stories I've seen in a game, and certainly one of its length. For a game that probably runs just a bit longer than your average shooter if you don't count the live action segments it carrys a narrative well while more than adequately fleshing out characters. While they not everyone's cup of tea, I found the live action segments a wonderful break, and quality entertainment. The acting and sets are easily as good as any on TV production, probably better, in fact.I am stunned at how well that was pulled off for the run time of those segments. This is definitely worth the price of admission at full price, all the better if you get it on sale.My heart sank when he walked away from Beth."
,Recommended,474960,33217454,Posted: 3 July,all,Nickrev,Really great story and cool mechanics. Definately reccomend!
,Recommended,474960,33203812,Posted: 3 July,all,Nomad,"Has good game play but I'm not a fan of the time-travel gimmick, it's just not my kind of thing.The story seems well written, the graphics and characters look amazing, the fact they have the man who plays Peter Baelish and all his features is amazing. If all you want is good gameplay, then this could be the game for you. It has decisions you need to make at certain points of the game that effect the direction it takes and live-action episodes after each chapter.The game is really well put together, but personally I don't like the time-travel and the story hasn't really been all that engaging to me. I only recommend this game because it's really well done despite not being interested in it."
,Recommended,474960,32514078,Posted: 17 June,all,Lunu,meh...
,Recommended,474960,33149831,Posted: 2 July,all,Corporal Capy,"I read the entire Act One of Time Knife and I plan to read all the rest. The game is beautiful, story is great, and a lot of fun."
76561197995743796,Recommended,474960,33155430,Posted: 2 July,all,Joda,"Just finished 2+ hours of initial gameplay. So far, so fricking awesome!Love the concept of merging gaming with television episodes.Will write another review when I'm a bit further into the game....More of the same please!"
76561198056637414,Recommended,474960,33168116,Posted: 2 July,all,SpicyBrownMstrd,"perhaps the most mind fzckingly satisfying game ever. Solid gameplay mechanics, excellent, detailed storyline, complete with product placement by Nissan. Yes. Nissan."
,Recommended,474960,33167600,Posted: 2 July,all,Big Boss,"Very underrated game. Great story with nice plot twist here in there. Keep in mind after each chapter there is a live episode which can be a mix bag for people. However, I really reconmmend this game if you love games like Max Payne and Alan Wake."
76561197995959306,Recommended,474960,33151008,Posted: 2 July,all,Predator,"Very good story, even if too linear in the end. The time based puzzles are interesting but could have been a little bit more. Shooting was okay, except for quantum attacks nothing really special."
,Recommended,474960,33239494,Posted: 4 July,all,BR FrenZ,8/10- Interesting story and a fascinating way of telling some of it through a tv show series.My only problems is that the engine could have been optimized a tad better.
,Recommended,474960,33255865,Posted: 4 July,all,Shi,"Beautiful game and story, love how all the time lines connect. The shooting and travel systems are all pretty well done too.Pro:Amazing storyBeautiful graphicsLive action integratedWell planned time jumpsGreat battle mechanicsCons:Limited weaponsNo sprint or jump in limited zonesStill would give 10/10 tho."
,Recommended,474960,33280643,Posted: 5 July,all,Voodoo Dragon,"Time stops cars, trains and container ships -- but not elevators.Lesson learned: when time ends, take the elevator."
,Recommended,474960,33330868,Posted: 6 July,all,corgiworgi,play as iceman and freeze people
,Recommended,474960,33361343,Posted: 7 July,all,Raggamuffin,"Five Word Review: Good story, fun gameplay mechanics.Favorite Thing: The time altering gameplay mechanics spice up combat quite nicely.Least Favorite Thing: Until the end I was going to say how I didn't like being pulled away from the game to watch the live action segments. After the end boss fight I changed my mind.Date Completed: 2017-07-07Playtime: ~ 9.5hEnjoyment: 7/10Recommendation: Yes. It has a cool story and fun gameplay.On a special note, the port is bit messy. It took a lot of tinkering to get rid of the camera judder. The motion blur was terrible but could be turned off with a launch command. The graphics as a whole were a bit blurry, there was no sharpness to them."
76561198018428941,Recommended,474960,33338256,Posted: 7 July,all,mozougam,3/4+ story+ gameplay- repetitive
,Recommended,474960,33304723,Posted: 6 July,all,beaᶠ5t,"Remedy as always brings us some really nice games. Quite interesting story, good gameplay, ofc amazing graphics and one of the best animation. In general the game is pretty interesting and recommended to play. The only flaw is the quality of pc port which is not that bad but not so good. Make ur life easier using gamepad while playing this game cause mouse movements are jerky as f.u.с.k, there will be some unexplained crashes and u gonna need some heavy s.h.i.t to play it on ultra.P.s. the best part of this game is the return trailer of Alan Wake :)"
,Recommended,474960,33276631,Posted: 5 July,all,Tzuyu,"What I liked about this game:+ StoryI'm just a sucker for games with really good storylines and this is no exception+ Choice makingAdds some diversity to the gameplay, although it doesn't affect the ending+ CharactersCast and voice actors are well chosen for the role and they are quite relatable, actually (Em, I'm looking at you)+ CombatI love the Bullet Time-esque time powers from the Max Payne series as well as the other time powers. Enemies are also quite challenging and diverse in ability, making combat feel fresh, time after timeThings I disliked- OptimizationRuns at around 45-60+ FPS (upsampling OFF and Ultra setting) and I encountered many frame drops and stutters on a high end system, which is pretty disappointing(Core i5 4460 and GTX 1080)- Episode streamingI wish that the episodes that were included in-game instead of streamed from the internet, as it introduced some stuttering and buffering. The quality is only on par with 720p YouTube footage as well.- Length of storyThe game is wayyyyy too short as I was able to finish the story in less than 10 hours, even after trying to collect all of the collectibles (currently at 99% completion)- Graphical qualityEven Max Payne 3 had better graphics than this on Ultra, geeIf you have a high-end system and willing to forgive the short storyline, I think you'll really like this game a lot."
,Recommended,474960,33378645,Posted: 8 July,all,selectman,Excellent Game!
76561197999856080,Recommended,474960,33375250,Posted: 8 July,all,Zayralover,"Almost at the end of this game and I have to say, its bloody fantastic! The story is EXTREMELY gripping, and the choices you make have a genuine impact on the game's progression. Additionally, this is one of the few games that really flesh out the antagonists and/or support characters to make you truly sympathize with them (oh Beth .....). True, the game is kind of a poor port from console (which means even on my beast of an Alienware with a GeForce 1070 GPU, I can only play this game in 1440p at abt 40-50 fps), but the game looks incredibly detailed and goregeous that even at 1080p (which is what I recommend playing the game at, since its buttery smooth at 1080p with 60fps), it looks fantastic! I cannot recommend this game enough and I really hope remedy make a follow up in the future!!!!"
76561198072009836,Recommended,474960,33386719,Posted: 8 July,all,Rocco Siffredi,"If ure looking for some good time traveling story, this might pretty much be it.+ Story is realy interesting and will suck you inside immediately.+ Live-action scenes are also a big plus since the story feels much more personal and also cast was realy good.+ Abilities are nice and fun to use with some small upgrade possibilities- Control can be clumsy sometimes- Checking emails, pcs, posters is heloing you understand the story and motion behind it, but eventually becomes booring (not the content of mails etc. but the act itself)If ure into great sci-fi stories i would deffo recommend, if you came for some action, its still considerablefor me 10/10 for story around +6 for action and i rly liked the live action cut scenes - for me its about 7.5/10Bought during summer sale, but after i played it, wouldnt mind paying whole price."
,Not Recommended,474960,33379908,Posted: 8 July,all,Sei,"Even reducing the graphics quality doesn't seem to solve the performance issue (specs: GTX965M, I7 @ 2.60GHz, 8GB ram).So disappointed, wanted to play this game so bad."
76561198028170455,Not Recommended,474960,33389041,Posted: 8 July,all,soe6,Stunning visuals and boring gameplay. Not worth the price in my opinion...
,Recommended,474960,33376866,Posted: 8 July,all,DigBick,Yes
,Recommended,474960,33406284,Posted: 9 July,all,Yoseph_von,Remedy knows how to make amazing games!-Great story-Great game play (comparable to a Naughty Dog game)-good level design-Beautiful game engine-Character speaking animation is top notch
,Recommended,474960,33432662,Posted: 10 July,all,Soldier Of Fondue,"Nice story, great graphics, great cinematics..Something like 82/100"
76561198005345029,Not Recommended,474960,33431285,Posted: 10 July,all,Groph,"+ visuals, setting- 20 minute live action cutscenes of mediocre quality that absolutely break the pacing, game logic is faulty - doesnt allow enough creativity, plenty of bugs, story ends up under-deliveringAmbitious idea, lacks in execution, ""TV series"" style cutscenes are slow, boring and dont add anything to the game."
76561198056164589,Recommended,474960,33440243,Posted: 10 July,all,MisterJellyBean,"This game really blew me out of the water. I struggled alot when I was trying to decide to buy this game between all of the performance issues noted and people complaining about the controls etc. but I can tell you that I do not regret my decision in the slightest.First of all the optimisation is perfect. I am running a GTX 1070 and a Ryzen 1700 and never did I experience a drop below 60 fps. So no, I did not have an issue with my graphics card being new and all that.Secondly the controls really are not ""wonky"". The character movement and shooting was completely normal, it felt like I was playing GTA (except I had powers).And then last but not least, this game, storywise, ruined me. This was one of the best stories I have encountered in a game. I would kiss all the producers of this if I was given the chance.I bought this game for a 50% discount, but knowing what I know now and I could travel back in time (hahahahaha.....) I would buy this game for full price. Definitely worth it. BUY IT!!"
76561198006536951,Recommended,474960,33512845,Posted: 13 July,all,Shadowsun,"A fantastic game from a fantastic company. The voice acting is great, the animations are great (being honest there is slight hitching due to the port, but it's so miniscule it didn't bother me), and the combat is satisfying. Where the game truly shines is the story though as it was in Alan Wake as well."
,Recommended,474960,33500093,Posted: 13 July,all,maladjust59,"Very nice TV series. Liam, I feel your pain. Great acting, great directing, nice time travel concepts,nice dialogue... I could go on and on. This is a must see.Oh, and it comes with a game too."
76561198239537222,Recommended,474960,33495031,Posted: 12 July,all,Niteip,Impressive characters. Great story.
76561198065056361,Not Recommended,474960,33590934,Posted: 16 July,all,leszek.jaworowski,Download data got broken and the update file was locked. Steam refunded the purchase price.
,Recommended,474960,33584970,Posted: 16 July,all,Arawuusmies,"Very good sci-fi story even if not the most original ever. The cinematic story telling with live action works well and over all it was captivating and kept me immersed in the story so that the shooter action felt more like a filler than a part of the game. The graphics and effects are great and also live action direction, music and actor performances are quite good as well.The only oddity is the streaming video and the only negative thing i can think of is that there isn't even an option to download them locally in some quality even if streaming isn't much of an issue these days."
76561198195726174,Recommended,474960,33609036,Posted: 17 July,all,cpupc,재미있게 플레이했습니다.한편의 미드보는 느낌이네요전투는 보통난이도에서 쉬운느낌이었고한글화가 잘되어있었으나 영상 중간중간 빠진부분이있었다하지만 이해하는데 큰 문제는 없다파고 들만한 요소는 없고 저같이 스토리 좋아하시고 게임 간단히 즐기시는 분들이재미있게 하실수 있을것 같다
,Recommended,474960,33565752,Posted: 15 July,all,Renefoetsie,"This game is stunning.The story is amazing, it's not cliche or predictable and well written, absolutely love it. The gameplay is solid and quite fun and requires you to use your abilities. The visual effects and graphical quality are outstanding, they really stood out.Sound and soundtrack are great, including the licensed part.The weak part is the live action sequences, they aren't blockbuster-quality like the game is, but still not bad.Overall? Amazing game, at the non-discounted price worth it, even moreso at sale."
,Recommended,474960,33566510,Posted: 15 July,all,InstarHic,"A great game, with a great story. Had a bit of trouble with the streaming at first, but then it got ok. Maybe someday I'll play it again, choosing different Junctions."
76561198107078857,Recommended,474960,33629602,Posted: 18 July,all,john_boarman,"This game was just alright. Decent graphics, fantastic voice acting, and really fun gameplay makes it a pretty good game. The awesome TV show-like scenes in it were really interesting, especially when those moments happened that make you say, out loud, ""WHAT!?"" What doesn't help this game is the weird resolution choice, convoluted story, and the ridiculous overuse of the word ""time."" I picked it up during the summer sale and I'm very glad I did so because it certainly was not worth the full price, to me. If you've run out of games to play or want a pretty fun shooter to spend some time in, then go ahead and pick this up during a sale."
76561198035900635,Recommended,474960,33674705,Posted: 20 July,all,Citizen Cook,"I brought this game with some trepidation. I had heard some terrible things about it: That is was basically one giant cut scene with very little actual gameplay, that the game is full of bugs and won't run well on even very powerful machines etc...Two things swung it for me: One was the Summer Steam Sale. I managed to pick up the game for the princely sum of £15, the other was Sam Lake. I'm a HUGE fan of his work. In my humble opinion he is the best writer working in games today. Max Payne and Alan Wake are two exceptional franchises that somehow manage to combine great gameplay and cutting edge graphics with involving characters, outstanding plots, and atmospheric world building.I'm happy to report that Quantum Break is no different.If you know anything about the disastrous 2013 E3 launch reveal for Microsoft's now infamous XBOX ONE console you can't help but see those early finger prints in Quantum Break's DNA. The game consists of a five act structure that includes four twenty minute live-action TV episodes that flesh out the game's narrative and ancillary characters. When I first started to watch the first episode I wondered if this was nothing more than a gimmick, but very quickly I came to appreciate the efforts that developers Remedy had gone to and by the end of the second episode the story telling felt natural and even anticipated.It's not my intention to provide spoilers in this review but I would highly recommend that players read and study all of the ""Narrative Objects"" peppered throughout the game. The story is exceptional and very dense and deserves to be pondered over.The gameplay took a little while for me to feel comfortable with. I'm the kind of guy that prefers to take cover and fight from the security that a wall or box provides. This game was built around movement. If you stay in one place for too long you will regret it. Once I understood this and learned to embrace the time manipulation mechanics I really started to have fun.I just completed the game and it took me twenty-two hours. And that's with me doing everything. If someone were to simply run and gun their way through the story I'm guessing they would complete the campaign in less that ten hours and feel unsatisfied with the experience.How did the game run?Well for me, incredibly well. My PC consists of an Intel i5 4670K (3.40GHz) processor, 16GB of RAM, and Nvidia's GeForce GTX 1080 Ti GPU. I cranked up the game's setting to ultra and played on my 49"" TV in 4K resolution without a single issue. Considering the amount of negative reviews the game has received on PC I'm not sure if the game has since been heavily patched or if my rig simple powers through a poorly optimised port. All I can say is that my experience was sublime.I give this game a 9/10"
76561198377135441,Recommended,474960,33708226,Posted: 21 July,all,Mr T,"This game is also freakin' AWESOME. Gameplay is great I could play this all day every day, only downside is having to sit through 30mins of movie like footage instead of gameplay cutscenes"
,Recommended,474960,28772574,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Zenix_,"i love the idea of making this game, a great storyline game, but i think it's too short storyline game, and u need a really damn good PC to play this game ( but not me, i'm playing this game with a low settings and it's still damn stuttering and lagging because of my potato pc) although, this was a damn good storyline game9/10"
,Recommended,474960,33384455,Posted: 8 July,all,UltimateLegend,It's complicated but good :D
,Recommended,474960,33824076,Posted: 26 July,all,Screamin' Beave #TF2SP,"Basically: If you have ever watched a movie and wished that you could make different decisions than the main character, or actually participate in it in general, this is the game (playable movie) for you! And (bonus!) you get to kick some butt using fun combat mechanics.I really enjoyed this game. It is definitely a Remedy game through and through, similar to the original Alan Wake (RIP) in many aspects. I loved how Remedy included the live action segments, which had very good cinematography and could be considered an actual TV series with the production value that they have. They blended with the game so perfectly and were pretty well acted, in my opinion. I loved the combat gameplay, it was so fun to use and makes you feel like a total badass. Also, this game is absolutely gorgeous, the graphics are stunning. I would honestly recommend this game for just the graphics alone, because they are beautiful, and I would even go as far to say some of the best that I've seen in a game to this day (July 2017). The game had a shake-y PC release, but rememdy has pretty much righted all of their wrongs; any remaining problems are very minor and easy to look passed. If you're looking for a story rich game, this is a good one, even with some predictable plot points, it's worth a playthrough. It's just a fun game, an enjoyable experience that should not be taken too seriously."
,Recommended,474960,34530409,Posted: 27 August,all,FreddieFrancas,Absolute immersive awesomeness. Cannot tell how enjoyable the story is with possibilities to choose different game path within ACTs.
76561198027062525,Recommended,474960,34534302,Posted: 27 August,all,ExplorerD,"I love the mix of play and streaming video with real actors. The resemblance is striking. However, I noticed that although in my gameplay (junction choices) Martin was killed he re-appeared in the very end video after the credits.Another thing I did not like was the final fight that was stroboscopic and you had to restart the whole scene if you died. On my level of normal it should have been a little bit less challenging.Also, I find some time powers not that easy to use or there was not enough opportunity for training it.The story is great. The mix is great.Overall, refreshing to play this new kind of game."
76561198140811632,Recommended,474960,34080427,Posted: 7 August,all,corruptkitten,10/10
,Recommended,474960,34446407,Posted: 23 August,all,Имя мужик фамилия,Ну такоооооооооооооооооое 6/10
76561198121442661,Recommended,474960,34500762,Posted: 26 August,all,无言演员,"Well, this game.It's more like a movie that you can play.But tbh, the optimization is very poor.My gtx1070 cant stay 60 fps stable in some scenes. This is kinda beyond my expectation, lol.But the story itself is cool indeed. If you dont care about the lag and are looking for a good story.Try it when its on sale, lol."
76561198074473138,Not Recommended,474960,34478156,Posted: 25 August,all,Spike,"I'm having trouble making it through this game.I find the game to be extremely tedious. 3-5 generic bad guys enter room. Shoot them with a generic gun. Run around finding generic 10,000 word emails and documents. Repeat.I do not like the time affected scenery. I get low FPS in this game. I get 60FPS in Battlefield 4 with everything on high.The live action show, so far and in my opinion, follows the most boring characters possible.I do not understand all the positive reviews."
76561198278144049,Recommended,474960,34483705,Posted: 25 August,all,Sxawl,"Great story, a lot of work was put in by developpers in the storyline. The gameplay was fun and innovative, the graphics superb but very demanding. However, I couldn't get past the jerking motions of the camera when using a mouse controller, I was then obliged to use a gamepad controller.A slight problem in plot consistency is to be noted: (spoiler alert)Where/when were Paul and Beth sent if the Novikov self-consistency principle holds and the fracture was mended?"
,Recommended,474960,34506771,Posted: 26 August,all,3232,"good music, ok story,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥amazing graphics, cool mechanics."
,Recommended,474960,34509056,Posted: 26 August,all,dava4444,Movie like experience. Bad point were few and good points many. enjoyed!Bad points:Very linear.Does nothing or little to reward exploration.Good points:enthralling story.excellent graphical 'realist' style.proven acting of a known cast.optional easy mode combat for story engagement. (recommended)actual movie segments so I could take a break and have a vape/drink of juice.References to.. Quantum Leap & BTTF* were a welcome smile.In this game/movie we deal with the logistics and morality of being a time traveller.see you in the past or.. future..Sam 'Dava' Beckett* Spoiler :'oh boy!' and save the clocktower.
,Recommended,474960,34000929,Posted: 3 August,all,Basibozuk,It`s was a perfect 14h more-than-a-movie thing.
76561198071646308,Recommended,474960,34022695,Posted: 4 August,all,ThePhoenixNetwork,"Quantum Break is one of the best games I've ever played. It combines a video game with live action episodes very well. Choices in this game has an impact on EVERYTHING. Combact is amazing. Game is a tad too short for me, but it's still fun to keeping playing over and over."
76561197990204173,Recommended,474960,34034494,Posted: 5 August,all,Takworld,"A game which entetains you. It is an interesting concpet to integrate mini movies in each chapter.I  luckily experienced no  technical issues. As someone pointed out in the game magazines,  you need to have a GPU which is > 4GB and you can normally run it without major problems."
,Recommended,474960,34041819,Posted: 5 August,all,TheChad5347,I took me a while to get around to playing this game since I heard that it had 30 minute long live action sequences.  I am now mad at myself for waiting for so long to play it.  This game has a brilliant cast and a fantastic story.  This is definetly now in my top 10 favorite games of all time.
,Recommended,474960,34326857,Posted: 18 August,all,Dark Solitude Gaming,"The graphics of the game are not bad at all but is choppy in a lot of the parts.The game also has like a live tv show after each act but this contet is streamed online and if the internet connection is not strong enough, then the content keeps on buffering. It's an overall good game with amazing combat but make sure to have an above average internet connection if buying this."
,Recommended,474960,34360854,Posted: 19 August,all,chipgw,"Pros:One of the best serious time travel stories I've ever seen.Time powers are fun.The graphics are pretty high quality.Seriously, the story is insanely well written. The closer I look the more it makes sense, which is uncommon for time travel stories.Cons:The powers are given to you fairly fast, making the late game less interesting gameplay-wise.The TV show is streamed, meaning if you're on a slow or metered connection you may not be able to watch it.If you are interested in serious time travel stories, go for it. However, if the gameplay doesn't look interesting you may be better off watching a playthrough on YouTube. You'll miss out on some of the details of the story and make the junction choices, but it'll be faster and less expensive.My preference for junction choices: PR -> Doesn't really matter -> Amaral -> Surrender."
,Not Recommended,474960,34402254,Posted: 21 August,all,Lupus,"Very interesting mechanics related to controlling time but seem to have bad implementation. I feel like I am stuck in a hall going through the levels because it seems to push you one way, I like the story and the TV episode element between chapters, but it's also not winning any awards in my book. Biggest let down was the shooting controls just feel bad. I'll probably play through the game but I can't sit down and play through much at a time without feeling like the game is holding me back. Not worth full price, maybe buy it on sale but I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,474960,32136889,Posted: 2 June,all,T [HuN] Gergő,"Amezing grapfic with an interesting story.Sometimes the controll not the best, but the feeling of this game are really good. By the way there are too much cinematic between two chepter, but never mind it's really fun game!"
76561198278976285,Recommended,474960,34702741,Posted: 2 September,all,George,"Feels really like the game and animation STEINS;GATE.awesome, just buy it and spend a weekend enjoy."
76561198378427901,Recommended,474960,34776705,Posted: 6 September,all,CharlieN1221,Highly recommended for fans of science fiction and story is good. Graphics and gameplay top notch. Story is short but fun. Big fan of time machine. High Production value. Recommend game looking for story. I game at 1440p with 1080ti. I get 40fps most of the time all maxed out. Game is not optimized.
,Recommended,474960,34663137,Posted: 1 September,all,Naruto Uzumaki,One of the Greatest game i have played. Interesting way of story telling mixed with time Travel. Well we know thats epic. Great game even though there was some performance issue here and there. But Wow mind blowing story and the ending left me confused whether the time is restored or not... wtf so confusing. If there is  a sequel i would get it.. I rate 10/10.Try and enjoy.
,Recommended,474960,34677050,Posted: 1 September,all,eric bischoff,"An excellent third person action/adventure narrative from Remedy with fantastic visuals and gameplay. I also adore the TV show aspect of it. Just wish the plot had a bit more depth. Still great, nonetheless. Really hope there's a sequel that goes even deeper. Now please give us Alan Wake 2."
76561198058113742,Recommended,474960,34672987,Posted: 1 September,all,IMPARATORLUK YILDIRIM PIYADESI,"One of the best games that I've played so far. Great graphics, both mocap acting and real time acting is great, cinematography and the plot is good. You will definetly not going to regret it. It is like watching a very high budget tv show with Max Payne style action sequences. Definetly a must buy."
,Recommended,474960,34746886,Posted: 4 September,all,Darkness-Q8,"If you know the feeling of when a new netflix show/season drops and you binge watch the whole thing in a couple of days, this is the exactly what happened to me with quantum break.The storyline is so good you will not want to stop playing. I consider this a linear game done right.The optimization for the pc platform is a bit lacking but that's not enough to not recommend this game. On the other hand it has some of the best graphics and facial animation I have seen in a game so far."
,Recommended,474960,34841733,Posted: 9 September,all,[sWe]Sysshad,"Its a movie, its a game, no its a movie, its a moviegame and i like it :Dscifi at its best, the kind that makes you think while you play, not grind through meaningless tasks.No this is about enjoying an adventure, full with very thought-through small hints and information.The only thing i can say is a con, is that i would really like to see the alterantive choices, but i dont really have the time to replay the entire game just to do it. Some would i guess, but i cant :)other then that, its well worth the money. good acting and voices"
76561197964863427,Recommended,474960,35262864,Posted: 28 September,all,Kamamura,"The game is really a mixed bag. I recommend it mainly for its cinematic part, which features many famous stars like Aidan ""Littlefinger"" Gillen we all know and love, or Lance Reddick I remember from Wire - and it does not matter that he plays this role exactly the same way. That is, unfortunately, weighed down by the story which does not make any sense whatsoever. The game insists, for example, that by traveling through time, you cannot change past events, that everything will end up the exact same way in the end, but once you introduce time-travelling agents into narration, the notion of ""now"", ""past"" or ""future"" does not make any sense, because it becomes relative. Is it really so hard to understand? The very notion of time travel always leads to contradictions which this particular story solves on the run by applying layers of ""this-can't-be-done-but-that-is-doable"" band-aids, with confusing and mediocre results.The gameplay itself does not start bad, but quickly deteriorates into mindless chaos, which was the same case as with Alan Wake. Remedy really needs to stop adding tons of visual stutter, glitches, flashes, and gameworld distorsions, because it makes the game frustrating and less enjoyable to play. It's like a bowl of soup with tons and tons of salt and spices - after certain limit, you stop tasting the base ingredients, you feel only the pain from the excess of spices. The game rules are not particularly clear, sometimes, the enemies are vulnerable, sometimes they are not, some freeze in time, some do not, the close combat takedowns prompt sometimes appear, sometimes not, in short, the core gameplay is an ugly mess.Yeah. The game is very attractive, but also very shallow, both story and gameplay wise. I would give it 6 out of 10 overall. I still recommend it if you can get it cheap, because it's good entertainment, just lower your expectations accordingly, or you will walk away disappointed."
,Recommended,474960,35280774,Posted: 28 September,all,GrimmEvil ®,"Great mix of action and storytelling, the live action episodes compliment the story and the episodes content changes depending on what action you choose during ""junctions"" subtle changes will also be portrayed in the episodes depending on how you explore the game. The actual gameplay itself is rather bland because of repetitious nature of clearing a room or clearing waves of enemies before proceeding to next area, but makes it neat because of your characters time-manipulation abilities, plus the games engine is just beautiful with the ""time stutters"" and displacement texturing."
76561198244051714,Recommended,474960,35350708,Posted: 30 September,all,Theschwa1313,"When i first brought this game, i thought it would be just some shooter with some boring warframe like gameplay. glad i was wrong. Quantum break is a plesant surprise for me. the gameplay is satisfying, bu the pinnical of quantum break is it's story and characters. The story is so intersting that i personally think it has a better story than uncharted 4. id give this game a 9/10"
,Recommended,474960,35149265,Posted: 23 September,all,remedi,"Despite the poor reception this game has received, the game is technically and story-wise a great experience. Remedy Entertainment is known for exceptional graphics programming and fluid combat and they deliver again. The downside for the game using state-of-the-art effects like global illumination and volumetric lights is that you will need at least a GTX 1060 or equivalent to run this game smoothly on lowest settings.The game presents the story in alternating playable acts and live-action shows. I have never seen this kind of story-telling before, but it seems to work rather well. The player has the ability to make choices that affect both the playable acts and how things unfold in the live-action show. The acting in the live-action show is not superb, but it is believable and fills its purpose. At times the choices that the actors make seem unreasonable which makes it hard for the player to identify with the characters and immerse into the story.The story-line involving time travel proves that Remedy Entertainment has really paid attention to the details and they understand how time travelshouldwork. At first the story seems shallow and mediocre, but in the end the pieces come together and form a coherent and well written story.This game could have been one of the best games ever made, but there are multiple little short-comings that give the feeling that there was a rush to release the game. For example the level design is very linear and predictable, the puzzles only leverage a fraction of the possibilities that could have been used when manipulating time and sometimes there are technical hiccups like popping-in textures and crashes.All in all, I enjoyed the game and I would recommend this to anyone who likes 3rd person adventure games and good stories. If you are in doubt, use a time machine to travel to a time when this game is on sale on steam and grab it."
76561198027155697,Recommended,474960,35146821,Posted: 23 September,all,Anxius,"Cool Story, Gameplay a bit meh but not terrible"
,Recommended,474960,35188312,Posted: 24 September,all,:wolf: equisgroup,Great game. not perfect since it need to stream junction point videos from the internet and not on local hdd....
,Recommended,474960,35169862,Posted: 23 September,all,Ark Arker,"Good!A 3rd person shooter action game with stunning graphics and sensational facial animations and voice acting. The combat and the time powers are the best things in the game, really really cool, but the story is also good. It has some puzzles but they are simple and sometimes boring.The bad is that it is very heavy for your GPU and have some bugs, I had to play in 30 FPS with my GTX 960, only when i changed to the GTX 1070 I could play it in Ultra 60 FPS."
76561198032364571,Recommended,474960,35227185,Posted: 26 September,all,chrishoward515,"Fantastic game - I normally don't write reviews but felt this one was worth it.  This game is ""story rich"" - if you are only looking for some first person shooter with special abilities you may be less enthusiastic about it since there are plenty of breaks in between the shootouts.  What you get in between the shootouts is a lot of story telling including a streaming show/movie within the game using real life actors that then blend fairly seemlessly into your actual gameplay.  There's plenty of well written stuff in the game as well.  I bought it on sale for like $20 or something and its worth every penny."
