user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198026004485,Not Recommended,475190,31383469,Posted: 26 April,all,barefootwalk,"This experience has one leg to stand on, and that is its presentation. Instead of seeing the surrounding cavern, you hear it – and you scan it, resulting in colorful dots replacing traditional textures and drawing on your mind to imagine the actual look. In combination with the great sound design (aside from the annoying scanner noises) this creates a great sense of immersion.And that would probably be the base of a great game, if there were any noteworthy mechanics and/or story to build upon that foundation. Yes, the game cited walking simulators as inspiration, so mechanics are not to be expected, but many of the better walking sims at least had a neat and well told story.Not so much here. There is no voice acting, and only occasionally the thoughts of the protagonist surface as single lines of text. The game (which is about 90-120 min long) is divided into roughly four to six (depending on interpretation) mostly disjunct 'themes', each with abotut a dozen lines of expositionary text (and quite some mood swings inbetween). There is barely a mystery and nothing actually interesting to discover, and only a few spooky elements that tend to be buried quickly under the aforementioned mood swings.I like walking simulators, and I tried my best to like this game. It has a great gimmick, great level and sound design, but it severly lacks a competent writer and story.And for a walking sim, you need the latter more than the former."
,Recommended,475190,31472654,Posted: 30 April,all,Crazy Dave (JR),Walking simulator? Yes.Minimal story? Yes.Short? Yes.Did I enjoy every moment of it? Yes.
,Not Recommended,475190,31392659,Posted: 27 April,all,Rambo Calrissian,"I saw the trailer for Scanner Sombre the day before launch, and coming from Introversion, it immediately shot to the top of my radar. Unfortunately, After playing through, I cannot recommend this game at the current price point. It's definitely interesting, the concept and art are fantastic once you look back on your cave, but those are the only two positive points I found within the game.The story is cliche, the sound design is average at best, There's a random jump scare thrown at you for no reason, and above all, I went through the game at a fairly slow pace, and cleared it in less than 80 minutes. There is simply not enough content or intrigue to justify a $10 purchase. Especially since the game has little to no replayability past maybe once if you *really* like the concept. The only reason I didn't refund this is because, fair's fair, I did play through the entirety of the game.The game DOES include the prototype for Wrong Wire, a neat bomb defusing prototype game that introversion could have made. That might be worth the purchase on sale on it's own. I generally consider myself to be someone who loves ""walking simulators"", especially narratively minded ones like dear esther or the stanley parable. This is neither. This is a glorified tech demo that I cannot, in good conscience, recommend anyone purchase,DO NOT BUY"
,Not Recommended,475190,32781645,Posted: 25 June,all,Puddi_UK,"Scanner Sombre is clearly a tech demo dressed up as a full game - the Extras menu even explain this. Introversion took a break from Prison Architect and came up with two game prototypes, one of which being Scanner Sombre.Initially the gimick of ""scan the world to create a point-map model of it"" is very cool from both a graphical and technical perspective. However there's barely any game built on top with the ""story"" consisting of a handful of ""thoughts"" slowly doled out in text format while you navigate the cave system in which the game takes place. There were a couple of moments where I thought the game was going to do something clever with the scanning system and leverage it into a cool horror experience...but no - it hints that it wanted to do something here but just doesn't bother.Finally, the fact that no control rebinding is available is the nail in the ""this is a tech demo, not a game"" coffin. As a left-handed gamer I'll never recommend any game on Steam which requires me to break out Autohotkey.tl;dr: It's a short tech demo of some admittedly cool tech, but really it's walking simulator which doesn't do anything innovative."
,Not Recommended,475190,32877142,Posted: 27 June,all,Serotoninphobe (Farewell ¥15),"The store description says it was “inspired byGone HomeandDear Esther”, which sounds like a promising start. Unfortunately,Scanner Sombrecaptured neither the immersive storytelling ofGone Homenor the contextual depth ofDear Esther. The end result was a total mishmash: trying to grasp many of the proven and popular elements, yet failed in its every attempt.I suppose most people get attracted toScanner Sombrefor its unique visual mechanics, so did I. However,Scanner Sombreis a game best enjoyed through screenshots and videos. If you want to keep your good impression of it, watch the trailer over and over instead of actually playing it, since the trailer accurately captured 90% of its highlights while leaving all the disappointments out.Again, as the store description says,Scanner Sombreis supposed to be a “cave exploration experience”. This statement seemed true for the first ten minutes (which I really liked it), until the so-called horror elements started to pour in. Calling them horror elements might be misleading, unless you find rainbow-colored t-pose figure horrifying. Even the protagonist himself doesn’t react to those anomalies at all, except some emotionless soliloquies popping up on the screen in pure text. Anyway, all the horror elements were just so crudely implemented, as if some last-minute resort to appeal to the younger audience. They were randomly stuffed into the levels with barely any backstory or explanation, needless to say, the result is “odd” at its best, and fairly goofy at its worst.Scanner Sombreis also a game filled with mysterious logics:Why all the scattered equipment and switches, the handheld scanner, and the phosphorescent  cave walls are visible in visible-spectrum (rendered normally, even being illuminated with point lights), while everything else need to be scanned to visualize the geometry?Why would the simulative color dots dissolve in water?Why would the simulative color dots fall from phosphorescent surfaces like pulled by gravity?The strangest one of them all, how could the simulative color dots reflect on the surface of water body?It might seem I am nitpicking, but the fact is all those unscientific logics combined only make the scanner device more like a paintball minigun rather than a proper caving equipment, which has further attenuated the intended “cave exploration experience”.Oh, and I just couldn’t stop myself from mentioning the profanely artificial twist at the end, it’s so bad that I feel no shame in spoiling it. No story building, no foreshadowing, no nothing, just “BAM!” right in your face. No doubt it is just another last-minute resort, how desperate could they have been to have come up with something like this in hope to make the game “story-rich”?In the end, I just can’t make myself believe that this was from the same talented team who madeDarwiniaseries andPrison Architect. It could have been fun as a 10-minute gamejam project or tech demo (which it originally was, as mentioned in-game), but stretching it into a 2-hour full game is nothing but disappointment.Nevertheless, any creator should be encouraged to step out their comfort zones for better or worse, better luck next time, Introversion Software."
,Recommended,475190,31377430,Posted: 26 April,all,spookydonut,"This starts off an exploration game and takes a sharp turn into horror territory, no jump scares so far but it is definitely unsettling."
,Recommended,475190,32840000,Posted: 26 June,all,Tenaku,"I know VR mode was only added in the latest beta, but this feels like a made-for-VR game. I can't imagine playing it any other way.Incredibly atmospheric, and at times more than a little creepy, you'll find yourself both excited for and dreading the next cavern your scanner will reveal dot-by-tantalizing-dot."
,Not Recommended,475190,31382114,Posted: 26 April,all,Sly Fly,"Spoilers ahead. Duh.The good:It is pretty.It includes the bomb squad tech demo.The bad:90 minutes worth of content.Choice of music. Example iselevator ride. Feels like musician was not sure whenever he wanted to write a sitcom theme, classical tune or a rock tune. Music forboat ridewas nice though. Now thinking on it, I can't even remember other tracks - they are that unremarkable.Mediocre jumpscares. No idea why even add them. Even less clues why make them so cheap and innefective.The ugly:Plot makes no sense at all. tl:dr -Oh my, I am here to search for some myths I heard (but not going to tell what they are) about this cave - I be explorer, I be searching for them. Oh, a cultist site. Oh, they drowned witches here. Oh, a pretty boat ride. Oh, they were mining here and later built a museum here. Oh, I am actually dead and it is the end of the game.I mean... what?Existance of New Game + makes even less sense than the plot. Only things that are different from first playthrough are ability to use all available tools anda corpse right outside your tent you were not able to see before. That's it.You are haunted by Unity Stock Asset known as Ethan. No, Chris, Ethan is still recognisable. Try harder.So, overall, they took a neat concept and graphical solution and, for some reason, jammed SPOOKIES and story worthy of R.L. Stein into it.I say, it is worthy of it's price if you are looking for eye candy and not an actual exploration/atmospheric game.Otherwise - meh."
,Not Recommended,475190,31447900,Posted: 29 April,all,Luke,"The 'game' is an interesting concept with a lot of promise. However, the game its self seems to be little more developed than the prototype shown off on youtube by the developers.  Overall the game was mildly entertaining to play, but in terms of value for money vs. experience and game time, I cannot recommend this game.Pros:- Interesting game concept- Made me jump once or twice- Decent soundtrack in placesCons:- Was in no way challenging only made easier by the upgrades to the device- As above, there are no puzzles, you just have to find the right path and not fall off cliff edges which is pretty easy.- Was too short- Story line is so unobtrusive that I am not sure whether I missed reading any text whilst exploring or whether the story just didn't make any sense to me at all.- Zero replayability"
,Not Recommended,475190,31388927,Posted: 27 April,all,SidAlpha,"https://youtu.be/ZPmPVQKHyxEScanner Sombre has lots of pretty lights... but unfortunately that's all you really get in this 2 hour long game. It is dull and plodding, with jump scares so ppoorly executed that they would have been better served by leaving them out. The game also does have a slight text-based narrative, but even that was shallow and empty.This game was so tedious that I nearly fell asleep once, and that is a literal fact! At 2 hours in total play length the game still felt like it had overstayed it's welcome. This would have been far better served to be a level or 2 in a much more comprehensive game, but at $12 this game is an insult. This is a $5 game at best. See my YouTube Review for more information."
,Recommended,475190,31500228,Posted: 1 May,all,HopelessDecoy,"THIS GAME IS NOT FOR EVERYONE!I just want to say this is technichally a walking simulator game about exploration with a really cool mechanic. You should seriously think about purchasing it because I love the game but that price is very high, I think $8 is a more reasonable full price for the content if you are into it.IF YOU DON'T LIKE THE DOT CLOUD MECHANIC OR WALKING SIMS, DO NOT BUYBecause you probably will be angy and think you wasted money, However once again it is a really cool niche game!PROS:-Awesome dot cloud mapping mechanic-Pretty creepy at times-The only walking sim I've ever liked-Practically flawless performance with one exception (See Cons)CONS:-Kinda expensive for the content-Short-It is a walking sim-When entering the water I would get extreme lags/freezes, no crashes but this is a problem since my machine is very beefy.In conclusion I can't recommend or not recommend this game, you will know if you'll like it. I will give it a thumbs up though because I really liked it!"
76561197961258560,Not Recommended,475190,31513271,Posted: 2 May,all,TwiiK,"It's a tech demo, barely a game. It's one of those ideas you have all the time as a game developer, but usually put down because you can't come up with a game to put it in. Clearly these guys couldn't think of a game to put this mechanic in either, but that didn't stop them from trying to make one.It's fun to play around with the main mechanic for about 30 minutes and they introduce some cool upgrades for it throughout the game, but it doesn't evolve into anything. The game has the most pathetic, forced jump scare I've ever encountered in a game, it has some really annoying visuals and audio at times and music that is just ridiculously out of place. It's unclear what they were trying to accomplish with this game to be honest. There are some walking simulators that I think are fantastic, but this is not one of them.But again, really, really cool mechanic. You feel like you're painting the terrain as you walk around. But that's it. There's nothing else of value in this.SPOILERS:Even though this game exhibits no clear signs of being made with Unity (coming from someone with a decade of Unity experience) I instantly knew it was made with Unity because they've used Ethan, one of the example characters you get with Unity as the guy you see in most of the game. Extremely lazy. He's even standing in a T-pose most of the time which is the default non-animated pose for a character.I know you can never see anything except for particles so it doesn't really matter, but his spikey hair and clothing style come through and just look out of place to be honest. They modeled the family so why didn't they make a model for the guy? And he is probably supposed to be you to be honest so he deserves better.And why did they render the family with textures? They looked so out of place. It would have been so much more fitting to have to paint them yourself with the LIDAR and leave it up to the player to piece together what was going on, but the narration basically explained the tiny plot there was in detail leaving no mystery whatsoever."
,Recommended,475190,31379656,Posted: 26 April,all,SerO,"I give one last look at the photograph of my family and leave the warm glow of the light in the tent.My scanner hums softly as it paints the infinite black void with colour.I fear the darkness, yet I fear what is revealed far more.And that's before I even find the first statue......at least, I assumed it to be a statue..."
,Recommended,475190,31439596,Posted: 29 April,all,Rightlock,"Game is around 2 hours long, but in my opinion is a good concept done well, it does a very good job of building the atmosphere. I personally am happy to pay for short interesting concepts and games but it will be a personal decision as to if you see it as value for money."
76561198171146837,Recommended,475190,33009880,Posted: 29 June,all,evawdnuoScimotA,"I like this game very much, I would probably call it more an experience coz this was a beautiful graphical journey.The only 1 thing I can consider bad for it was that it was too short, I felt like it was kind of a demo and would have liked 3 more maps or something.Still, I do recommend this as it is a digital cave which is something very beautiful and I took 2 hours to do it, so if you want a surreal time in a world that is quite trippy this is your kinda thing, however if you hoping for a more actiony kinda game I don't recommend this."
,Not Recommended,475190,31390286,Posted: 27 April,all,Earth Cena,"This is more of a showcase that a game. It was enjoyable, but honestly I should have just finished the lets play that brought me to buy this game. If you do decide to buy, do yourself a favor and only map out what you need, as there are no secrets or anything. Afterwards, make sure to start a NG+, but don't bother doing anything besides explore the first little area again, as there is no new content, just a little surprise.After playing, it reminds me of Firewatch without dialog, and an ending on par with No Mans Sky."
76561197970800364,Not Recommended,475190,31496304,Posted: 1 May,all,Creep,"Can I recommend this game? Well. I don't know. Who are you? I don't know anyone personally whom I'd recommend it to. But it is a very interesting game nonetheless, and I'd definitely recommend it to anyone interested in game design.Don't play it for the story, don't play it for the atmosphere, don't play it for the ""puzzles"", definitely don't play it as a ""horror"" game. Play it if you're interested in the mechanic you see in the trailer, and what you can to with that from a design point of view. In that regards it's very good. It's a novel concept. And it brings several ideas on how to expand it, but it doesn't really go through with any of them.I'm debating on whether or not I want to refund the game. It lasted me barely 1.4 hours, and I did not rush. I did enjoy my time, but not in the same way, as I did with The Beginners Guide for instance. There is nothing rememberable about this game besides it's core feature. It's basically a slightly extended tech demo.Definitely take a look at it, if you are interested in game design, and if it's 50% off. If neither of those are true, I'd suggest you just stay away from it."
,Recommended,475190,31695046,Posted: 11 May,all,Bunni,"2 hours of game play, near zero replayablity but worth it. It's a pretty magical experience and it's done technically / programmatically well. Story is crap, but really what did you expect from cave exploration?There's no skill in the game and only one mechanic, you really just walk around and explore a cave but it's $12 and it never gets boring through the whole experience. You'll spend a lot of the time bemused with childlike wonder often stopping to paint the walls because, it's fun! It's well priced, you could maybe argue $3 off but really, it's well done (save the♥♥♥♥♥♥story). I've never, ever seen such an elaborate and well modeled cave system in any game (I've worked with a lot of talented modlers too). Not to mention the LIDAR tech is pretty slick from a programming perspective it's so well done and easily worth the $12 just to experience it!But if flashy visuals, exploration, cool tech, are not your cup of tea, you may not want to buy the game then."
76561197961372576,Not Recommended,475190,31397272,Posted: 27 April,all,Delor,"Scanner Sombre has an extremely clever central mechanic, but fails to build upon it.In short, in Scanner Sombre you walk around a cave system using the LIDAR device to light your way.  Occasionally, a few sentances of text appear on the screen, telling you the history of the cave and your protagonist.  Do this for 2-3 hours, and the game ends.  There's roughly three narrative tricks the game uses beyond this that I am omitting to limit spoilers, but there's little substance or novelty to them.This is disappointing.  Having followed the Prison Architect dev diaries I have enormous respect for Introversion folks as game designers.  Scanner Sombre could have been a compelling game.  Add a stronger narrative presented in a more interesting fashion, and the game could have succeeded as the walking sim genre entry it is.  With additional mechanics added it could have had puzzle elements, terrifying Alien-Isolation stealth and escape gameplay, or survival elements to supplement the core mechanic.  Instead, Scanner Sombre feels like a game jam proof of concept stretched into a retail game without being properly fleshed out.If you've got the disposable income to pay $12 to poke around a cave with Scanner Sombre's innovative LIDAR-themed mechanic then you may find it worth your time.  The point-map display generated is tremendously atmospheric, and the game supplements it with generally solid sound design.  To other players, I have a hard time recommending the game."
76561198052705243,Recommended,475190,33731758,Posted: 22 July,all,Yazu13,"Scanner Sombre, while flawed, is a delightful experiment.  In what it fumbles with in regards to its story execution, it makes up for with a wonderful new gameplay mechanic just begging to be copied by future gaming endeavors.  Much like the much-loved portal gun, the titular scanner of Scanner Sombre makes the experience shine with a fresh new take on exploring a video game environment.You start the game by waking up as a nameless archaeologist alone in your camp at the bottom of a cave system.  From there, you are quickly introduced to a prototype cave mapping scanner used in archaeological survey.  The entire area surrounding you is pitch black, and with no light of your own to guide the way, you must use the scanner to paint the cave system with glowing dots, allowing you to navigate the otherwise invisible landscape.  You can adjust the width of the scanner to paint everything in front of you slowly, or one small area quickly, as the scanner only has basic functionality and a small resolution before collecting upgrades for it throughout the game.  The scanner's soft whirring is your constant companion, and breaks the near-silence of the cave with a pleasing white noise as you make progress turning the featureless black cave into a spectacle of lights.  The purest joy of the game is discovering the cave and seeing your handiwork form some truly astonishing sights, all the while the scanner itself remains a tangible friend.Everything else in the game unfortunately, is far less compelling.  The story and lore is rather underdeveloped and seemingly cobbled together of themes the writer likely thought were intriguing, but often times these threads are soundly defeated by how poorly executed they are.  There is narration from your character as well, of which usually involves him telling the player how important or special something is about the cave and his mad desire to uncover a lost civilization therein.  Added into the mix are light horror elements in the form of noises from some unidentifiable monster lurking in the cave, though without spoiling anything, these strings are never brought to any kind of resolution or intelligent interpretation.  Ultimately, the game makes the fatal error of explaining how engrossing things in the game are instead of letting the player decide for his or herself, but with such sophomoric and even pretentious material on hand, it all feels like an insult to your ability to judge the storytelling on its own merits.In the end though, Scanner Sombre was never supposed to be about its story.  It's a game that hands you a device not yet seen in gaming, and sets you loose to test it out in an environment that's up to the task of keeping you entertained and curious.  The execution of operating the scanner is done well enough to carry the 1-2 hour experience, and despite its shortcomings, Scanner Sombre offers enough innovation and wonder to feel like time well spent."
,Recommended,475190,31379600,Posted: 26 April,all,Andazeus,"The game is fairly short, about 2 hours. But it is definitely worth checking out if that does not discourage you.It is an interesting and unique experience and I am glad the prototype got finished into such a nice, experimental piece of art.You might argue that it is more of a 'walking' simulator, but with its interesting twist, I think it is still worthwhile."
76561197998178631,Recommended,475190,32071171,Posted: 30 May,all,AtOnYcK,"If you like to yolo your way through games, forgetting what it was about before even closing up and moving to the next, then you can finish this one easily in under 2 hours.  But this game- can you even call it a game? Thiswonder-wander-simulator- has such beauty to offer, it is a sin to blindly dash through it.Goal:explore the cave system. You don't have a light on you, but a scanner. You scan (paint, basically) your surroundings. Everything youpaintscan leaves dots behind, showing different distances to your surroundings, going from bright red up close to dark blue far away. Along the way you get certain upgrades, like being able to scan a large area in one go and a map.The majority of the game I spend simply staring in awe at the cave formations forming around me, taking screenshots like my life depended on it, and after finishing it screaming to my friends HOW FREAKING COOL IT LOOKS. I will DEFINITELY play this game again when I get my grabby hands on a Vive, since the VR version is coming out soon.Of course, there are some flaws / things you have to keep in mind if you contemplate on buying this game:- The price to hours of gameplay ratio. You decide whether or not it will be worth it to you.- It is a walking simulator. Practically the only gaming element being looking for the right way to go, although 9/10 times I found the map well designed and didn't have any trouble finding it. Oh, and then there's abyss jumping. Always fun.- Starting around halfway through the game I sometimes ran into lagging issues. Especially after a scan burst my game was severly slowed down for a couple of seconds. I don't have a godlike PC, but a very decent laptop with specs that should've been in the clear.- There are some spooky parts in it.- Not getting into big spoiler territory here, but the ending left me with more questions than answers.Overall, the beauty, the mystery and the thrill of discovery was well worth the lesser aspects of the game. Who knows, maybe someday soon this type of scan-and-instant-digital-display technology actually exists just like it does in here :)If you're looking for some kick♥♥♥♥♥gameplay you will be disappointed: 3/10.But as a breathtaking, once in a gametime experience: 9/10."
,Recommended,475190,31376986,Posted: 26 April,all,AsgerJ,A beautiful and scary experience!VR support would be amazing!
76561197979939938,Recommended,475190,31434039,Posted: 29 April,all,Pidwidgeon,"This is definitely a niche game that is about the experience that you take away from it as opposed to the story. It is a one trick pony, but I thought that trick was very engaging and worthwhile.You use your LIDAR scanner to explore an unknown place with the occasional use of audio for assistance and your scanner gets upgrades along the way.The game is on the short side and it would be awesome to see some DLC that make use of the LIDAR to explore different places, but in the end short is better than being dragged along for a few hours too long.Would recommend!"
76561197971977596,Recommended,475190,31443822,Posted: 29 April,all,HmS.Grunt,"A simple game, but simply beautiful.Gotta say - THANKS DEVS!!!Nice twist at the end.Would love to see this type of LIDAR idea in other games instead of the usual night vision."
,Recommended,475190,32811571,Posted: 26 June,all,Zanguin,"lmpressive showcase in VR, quite spooky and a bit short. Get it while it's £5 which is about the right price."
76561198262861958,Not Recommended,475190,31385809,Posted: 26 April,all,polkadotgamer,"If you're buying this thinking it's an adventure horror game, you'll be disappointed. The plot was awful, barely any story at all. The game mechanics were cool at first, but became monotonous. Do not recomend for the price."
,Not Recommended,475190,33132388,Posted: 2 July,all,Dogma2097,"This game desperately wants to be Dear Esther, Gone Home, or some such - however the lacklustre story seems tacked onto what IS a relatively intriguing and impressive gameplay mechanic.The cave exploration is cool, and with real moments of scary stuff happening, although it becomes clear early on that this is a walking simulator and no frantic hiding etc will be required. The game barely touches on the mechanics it introduces, and throws perhaps three genuine low level puzzles at you - so this game shows it could have been a relatively interesting Portal alike first person puzzler, but alas, the developers copped out and tacked on a couple of poorly developed and seemingly unconnected stories.I may be able to recommend Scanner Sombre with 4x the content, but an unchallenging (mentally, physically, or emotionally) game that runs, at best, to about three hours, ain't worth it."
,Recommended,475190,31923197,Posted: 23 May,all,sheepdean,"Beautiful game, not for people who don't like walking simulators though"
,Recommended,475190,33113360,Posted: 1 July,all,Nahor,"Played in VR beta, it's quite cool. Audio starts glitching after a while but it's just a matter of saving and reloading to fix it and there are some frame drops when an area was scanned a lot, but it's a beta.Other than that it's works pretty well. It makes for a very nice demo of VR. There are a handful of intense moments but I wouldn't call it horror. The worst is waiting in the water. You know what's going to happen but still, glad to be dead to make it stop :)While very short, I think it's just perfect for the game. It would be boring if it lasted longer.The story felt very tacked on but no surprise there, Introversion said as much in their video about he VR release. And it does help understand what it is about so it's not too bad either."
,Not Recommended,475190,31381806,Posted: 26 April,all,HellWatcher,"It's pretty neat but, the game is way too short."
,Recommended,475190,34531447,Posted: 27 August,all,Rafport,"One of the most presence inducing games for virtual reality, absolutely amazing. And very polished implementation, it looks like a native VR application.To get the most from it, play slowly and scan everything in deep, so you can unveil the real shape of the underworld instead just floating points, any rock or ruin is unique."
,Recommended,475190,31538488,Posted: 4 May,all,Angus Prune,"Really loved this game and woudl highly recommend it, but it isn't for everyone.It is about atmosphere and story and feeling. It is short, but well worth the money imo - but if you value yoru games by £/hour you'd be better off waiting for a sale.I thought it was beautiful, I thought it was scary. I thought it was thoguht provoking. Overall I thought it was brilliant."
76561198045236130,Recommended,475190,31504257,Posted: 2 May,all,MaybePirate,"This is a great game to buy if it's cheap or you have the cash to spare. Otherwise you'll pay too much for an underdeveloped story and minimal replay value. However, the LIDAR scanner idea is really cool and very pretty, and the game hooked me enough to finish it, so it's worth a look in."
76561198091197472,Recommended,475190,31519844,Posted: 3 May,all,Jtaylor18,"NOT SURE IF YOU'LL LIKE THIS GAME? A PICTURE IS WORTH A THOUSAND WORDSIf you're curious if you'd enjoy this game I'd simple say simply look at the pictures posted above and take into mind the game was inspired by Gone Home and Dear Esther. If you find the unique visuals of the game captivating and enjoy walking simulators than I'm confident you'll enjoy this one. If you're looking for a story to blow you away, a horror game, or a game carried by interesting mechanics or puzzles you'll likely be disapointed.90% of this game is exploring a pitch black cave with an unending dot spitter to slowly fill out your view and give you more information about the envoirnments around you. There is a story with an interesting ending, but its not strong enough to carry the game itself. The unique visuals, strong sound presence and ambients of the game is what kept me engaged and happy with my playthough of it.I feel the devolopers are making a mistake playing the game up as a horror game. There are moments of tension but I never found anything in it scary. I like the presence of the spooky elements since it builds into the paranoia of the setting and adds to the story, but I have no doubt that anyone buying this game in the hopes of finding a new horror gem will be leaving it unsatisfied.In short Scanner Sombre is a beautiful and unique experience that is being somewhat misbranded. I enjoyed it more than Dear Esther and would say its the best walking simulator I've seen since Firewatch. If you like walking sims, Id highly recommend trying now rather than waiting for a sale."
,Recommended,475190,35035068,Posted: 17 September,all,pinback,"I will succumb just this one time to the Steam-honored ""pros and cons"" review style:CONS:==========- In our jaded gaming society, where we judge price vs. hours, at $10, it is very short.  At a very leisurely pace, you'll be through your first playthrough in under 3 hours.  And there's very little replayability.- The story is a trifling thing, heavily telegraphed and perhaps not entirely satisfying.- In my brief time, I've experienced at least three game-breaking bugs where I had to reload to make progress.- It is most definitely a ""walking simulator"", complete with all of the limits and frustrations with which the genre comes loaded for bear.PROS:==========+ In the brief playtime it offers, it's the most achingly beautiful walking simulator I've ever seen.  Though I warned against the lack of replayability, I've already played it four times, just because of how astonishing and compelling the experience is.  And for that reason:+ It is the greatest cave exploration game of all time.I mean, if you know what you're buying into, it's just... it's wonderful.This game represents the death throes of the walking simulator, and what a tremendous, unforgettable way to go out.Woefully underappreciated."
,Recommended,475190,31418913,Posted: 28 April,all,CitizenX3639,"Thanks to the developer and publisher of Scanner Sombre, Introversion Software, for creating a game that provided a few hours of entertainment and escape.**Note my review sounds negative but I would recommend. I would however wait for a patch and I think $9 is fine(to me) but should probably be priced less.Scanner Sombre is a short, story driven, exploration game in the likes of Dear Esther, Gone Home, and Everybody's gone to the Rapture to name a few. Its unique take on the genre is instead of immersing yourself in a realistic image setting, in Scanner Sombre, you use a scanner with a virtual headset(real one not needed) that creates a colorful pixelated world for you to explore. This mechanic like the game itself never reaches its full capabilities, but what is here is more than enough to recommend.The story unfortunately is average and cliche at best. It starts out promising as you are an explorer trying to find out about a cult that once existed in the cave but the ending area doesn't make sense in regard to one comment ""No one has been down here for hundreds of years"". I really kept getting a Blair Witch, The Descent vibe at the start and then about 3/4 it completely takes a left turn down familiar road.  Also, if you are not paying attention you can completely miss the dialogue. There is only a very small audio clue that gives notification and the dialogue is presented in the upper right side of the screen that due to the colorized world can be difficult to see.From a gameplay perspective there is very little other than painting your path and moving forward. You will find a few add-ons for your scanner which are cool additions, but why not just have them all from the start(New game+ the scanner has all add ons)?. You will also run into these echoes that play out a scene from the past. I was confused at the beginning because the sound cue is of broken glass so I ran away from them, lol. There are a few other happenings but best to leave those quiet to avoid suprises.As you complete the game you are given a few tidbits from the developers on the process of creating Scanner Sombre. It was basically born out of a prototype as was another game called wrong wire(both prototypes playable after beating the game). I can't help but feel this is still a prototype. Its a finished product and I enjoyed my time with the game, don't get me wrong,  but I see so much more here than just a simple exploration game. Hopefully Introversion Software revisits this unique mechanic with a more puzzle focused game that will highlight this prototypes true potential.Notes:Used X360 wired controllerMSI R9 390/8GB Video cardMax setting 1080P UltrawidePositivesShort, simple enjoyable experienceUnique scanner mechanic makes the world beautiful to exploreYou can just barely make every jump, scary.Cool settingSome nice extras after beating the gameNegativesStory goes in 2 different directionsNo puzzlesEasy to miss dialogueSound needed to be betterGraphical slow downs later in the game"
76561198086763467,Recommended,475190,33727629,Posted: 22 July,all,jaysunsphone,"Man, so many complaints about this being ""short"" or a ""tech demo"".   Jesus, people, it's a $10-$12 game that just came out.    Stop holding every game to the same standard, regardless of price, release date, dev team or time spent in development.   If you keep bashing good games just because they're short (to the point that no one buys the game, which is what happened here), we just won't get them anymore.When you go to Taco Bell, do you leave them a negative Yelp review because you would've preferred a $35 Porterhouse steak?   You spent as much money on this game as you spend to see a 2-hour movie.   Do you honestly feel like this wasn't worth the cost of admission to a movie?     If you're judging cheap games by their length, please do everyone a favor and wait until they're in the bargain bin before you buy.   Or at least wait and read some reviews.   Some of us enjoy and appreciate something fresh, even if it's not a 30-hour experience.    You don't buy a Vespa and then sh*t on the manufacturer because it won't do 175 on the highway.I had a good time with this game.   The story seemed like a bit of an afterthought, but I didn't care.   The gameplay was wicked and totally different than anything I've ever played.   One pretty big issue for me, though, was lack of environmental collission detection.   For a game that operates in the dark and requires a lot of exploration into little tiny areas, I found myself falling through walls way too often.    By some miracle, though, I was always able to make my way back to where I came from, even when I managed to wiggle my way completely outside the environment (the front fell off, so I was towed outside the environment).All in all, (TAKING INTO ACCOUNT THE PRICE OF THE PRODUCT, LIKE A RATIONAL HUMAN BEING), I give it a solid B.     Easily worth a play for $10, even without VR.  I have a Vive and haven't tested it out yet.  This game seems almost perfect for VR.   I just worry about the locomotion.  Teleporting around seems like it wouldn't be ideal in a world where you're teleporting into total blackness and could result in falling to your death.PS: Its a travesty that this game sold 6000 copies.    But I tried to gift it to one of my Czech friends and Steam wouldn't let me.   Don't know if they set separate prices in different countries or what (aside from the regular price difference per country), but I've never had problems gifting to people outside of the country, and I've gifted dozens of games that way with no issue until now."
,Not Recommended,475190,33132568,Posted: 2 July,all,Deejo Wellens,"Refunding this after finishing it in under two hours because the ending is a lazy and trite, emotionally cloying note that the game didn't earn, which thoroughly sours what I might otherwise remember as a decent walking simulator. Should've been more open-ended and had less of a rubbish story that goes nowhere and surprises you not at all.Plays like a conceptual expansion of the first part of The Unfinished Swan, but is ultimately a much lesser experience. Go for that instead."
,Recommended,475190,33107255,Posted: 1 July,all,pez2k,"Scanner Sombre is in a lot of ways a one-trick pony, however that one trick is novel and beautiful, and worth the time and money to experience.It does contain a very light storyline, however the focus is really on the visuals and the exploration. The level design is very well suited for the gameplay with some clever use of shadows in a game with no lighting, and overall it has a lot of Introversion's usual charm to it."
76561197984820498,Recommended,475190,32839737,Posted: 26 June,all,Giaddon,"A short, astoundingly beautiful walking simulator that pushes the edges of game aesthetics forward. Paint your way through a cave system (really a tunnel, there are no branching paths here) and explore a history of misdeeds. The ending lands with a clunk but the experience of scanning your way there is excellent."
76561198046513028,Not Recommended,475190,31510605,Posted: 2 May,all,Talannas,"Very interesting game mechanic, and I would definitely recommend picking up the game on sale. The length of the game and gameplay depth don't seem to justify the regular price."
,Not Recommended,475190,34768539,Posted: 5 September,all,JaxInsany,"I like the concept of the game and the execution of the unique scanning mechanic is good, but the story is insignificant and loses you easily. Overall, not an incredible game but an interesting experience in spacial naviagtion."
,Not Recommended,475190,31390138,Posted: 27 April,all,Midget,Storyline is kind of all over the place. I'm not sure how the first 2/3 of the game links into the last third in anyway.
,Not Recommended,475190,34542199,Posted: 27 August,all,jellowiggler,"Definitely in the walking simulator genre.  Quite short, but has an interesting exploration that lasts a few hours.I can't say that it's really up to the level of any of their previous games (Uplink, Darwinia, Defcon, Prison Architect, etc)   It's more like a research project that they wanted to share with people.If you are OK with that, then pick it up and experience it.  Don't expect a 'game' per se."
,Recommended,475190,31379499,Posted: 26 April,all,bloodreaver,"Scanner Sombre is an exploration game with a unique twist and gameplay element I've not seen before, the only way to discover your surroundings is to scan the area using the only tool there is in the game. It's got a basic story told through the things you discover and thoughts of the protagonist appearing on screen. I've enjoyed Introversions previous games so bought this as soon as I saw it, it took me 1 hour 30 minutes to complete and I feel like I got my moneys worth, like the original portal, it's short but sweet.I feel like the game reached it's peak approx 2/3rds of the way through and the last third wasn't as engaging as the rest. If you are turned off by ""walking simulator"" type games, then this probably isn't for you, but I throughly enjoyed what I played."
,Recommended,475190,31382147,Posted: 26 April,all,Zephyr668,"Perfectly named, this is a restful journey through some unexpected places."
,Recommended,475190,31490430,Posted: 1 May,all,Literally The Worst,"Scanner Sombre is certainly a bold game which is in line with some of Introversion Software's previous titles like Prison Architect and Defcon. It feels much like an experimental short-film with its unique conceit but a few rough edges to go along with it. Its a short game, but that ends up working in its favor as the central mechanic doesn't have the time to get old. For more information, check out theVIDEO REVIEW:https://youtu.be/kO6ns1VkwAc"
,Recommended,475190,31560988,Posted: 5 May,all,Áxios,"Extraordinary game. Or, story.... I mean, it's more story than game.It's extremely unique and very original. I enjoyed it very much, and I'm generally pretty hard to please when it comes to games now-a-days.I loved this."
76561198007101653,Recommended,475190,31386759,Posted: 26 April,all,Zssik,"I know many will be turned off by how short it is, but I for one loved every minute of it."
76561197972311151,Recommended,475190,32805598,Posted: 26 June,all,Rusty,"Bought after watching the developers self deprecating video reviewing the development of this game.They seemed very genuine and the game looked awesome (in VR! natch). I'd put off buying this before as I had assumed that the radar effect would fade like real sonar but saw on the video that it stayed.  That changed my outlook on the game as I don't like being trapped in a cave when it's dark, but this doesn't give that vibe. It's pretty and satisfying 'painting' the rock formations.The only downside is that it's over too quickly (2 hour play through in one sitting) but have started a new game+ with my upgraded scanners.Thoroughly recommend it."
76561197980479660,Recommended,475190,33107886,Posted: 1 July,all,7HU6,"HTC VIVE version:It'a a walking simulator? Yes It is, but a good one, for VR. The scanner just feels right , it works perfect and it's something that combines perfect with the new experiences is everyone trying to feel in VR.There are some annoyances with performance when there's too many dots, tresspasing some walls and some problems with sound (one specially important, at the end the music didn't sound the first time, I heard it the second time in the new game + fast walkthrough i made in about 20 mins.)But they are all minor problems. In general it's a polished experiment. It didn't feel like a complete game but like a movie-lenghted experience that it's great. Expect and pay according to that."
,Recommended,475190,32978051,Posted: 29 June,all,AdmiralBiff,"I can't speak for playing this without a vr headset, but with one this game is amazing. I can't reccomend this enough, the moments of wonder and suspense are amazing in this game, and at least for me the ending was a surprise. I won't spoil any of the story, but if you own a vr headset, pick this game up now, especially in the summer sale."
,Recommended,475190,33026011,Posted: 29 June,all,MODELO MAN,"Playing the VR version.  Dude, I just freaked out and took the headset off!  That was really cool and creepy.  For $5 totally recommend in VR.  I've only played 30 minutes, and have a ton of games I'll play and maybe not come back to, but that experience right there was already worth it.  Started out a bit slow first couple minutes then things started to get creepy real fast.  Awesome tech, maybe even a bit much for my aging CPU.. seems to be CPU heavy.  Anyways, for VR big recommend.  I hope I can get the vibe back at some point I had tonight (playing home alone late without watching any spoilers)."
76561197977892146,Recommended,475190,33574519,Posted: 15 July,all,M6Hurricane,"Scanner Sombre is a mechanics-forward game, and the small amount of storyline is there to serve that purpose. What better place to scan your environment than a cave with no lights?This game really shines in VR, however it requires an absolute beast of a rig for it to run properly. That being said, playing with a mouse and keyboard is still a really enjoyable and unique experience. The game is a bit short, but still very fun. For example, the level design and player skill creates tension (e.g. I better not miss this jump or I'll fall and die).Overall, this game plays as unique as it looks, and it's refreshing to see developers doing new things. Absolutely recommend."
76561198358082908,Recommended,475190,31384466,Posted: 26 April,all,2021dropout,HOLD THE LEFT MOUSE BUTTON and watch as the darkness comes to the light. Amazingly simple concept that just captivates me everytime I play. A must pick up title that I hope you enjoy as much as I am!
76561198380525701,Not Recommended,475190,35058610,Posted: 18 September,all,immyone,"I got the game because of the very interesting visual style and the unique concept of stumbling through the dark while manually building your visuals. It's amazing how pretty a simple array of dots can be when swinging around to create a perception of 3d space. But nothing ever happens in the game. You can run through the whole game in a very short time, and there's really very little to DO other than look around. I took a bit of time the first play through, really looking in every nook and cranny, trying to FIND something, anything, constantly thinking I was missing something. But, nope... Just plow on ahead because there's nothing to see or do here. Just keep moving, then, oh, there's the end. I ran through the whole game again in a single sitting (it's very short), thinking I MUST have missed the entire point of the game somehow, but, nope, I didn't miss anything. There is nothing going on here, nothing to find, nothing to do but move forward.And this is some kind of convoluted, meandering, contrived story with no beginning, no end, no resolution, nothing to tie the disparate elements to one another.  It added no value to the play experience, and was actually more annoying than intriguing.This is honestly just a neat tech demo that they tried to turn into a game by cramming a pointless story that has no relevance into a ""stumbling through the dark"" environment that they inexplicably stretched into an hour or so. It would actually have been a better product if it had lasted 3 minutes and been free. You would have gotten to see the cool visuals, then moved on with your day."
,Recommended,475190,34986382,Posted: 15 September,all,Adult Mcadultson,"I played though the game twice, one in VR mode and then once in non-VR mode on new game+. Game is heaps better in VR, even though it's stuck to teleport locomotion and you miss out on the cutscenes (they don't even let you pick up the scanner at the start, it just teleports into your hand when it gets close enough!). Even with the teleport locomotion I managed to fall and die quite a few times, something that never happened outside of VR. In non-VR mode the game boiled down to hold M1 and walk, then use the burst scan whenever the cooldown wore off. In VR you have to stop and physically scan your surroundings, and think about when to use the burst. Visually the game is so much more stunning in VR (while also being a lot more taxing on your PC) and it feels much more intense and immersive than outside of VR. Some of my critisims of non-VR mode definetly come from having already played the game when I tried it out, but even when compensating for that the game is simpily a far better VR experience than traditional game. If you can't play it in VR then I don't think this game is worth playing, especially since the experience would be spoiled if you eventually did get to play it in VR. Plus, considering that the VR mode is only in beta, it can only get better from here on out.Recommended if you own a VR headset and are willing to pay whatever price the game is currently at for a 2 hour experience."
76561197997326384,Recommended,475190,31429901,Posted: 28 April,all,Sysadmin Stress Release,"An interesting twist on an exploration game, where you depend on your scanner to light the way.   Great sound design, creates a nice atmosphere of menace in several sections.  Not a highly difficult game, but fun to explore and has some very good moments.  Recommended."
,Recommended,475190,32815571,Posted: 26 June,all,Sp4rkR4t,"Take a very atmospheric wander through some very deep caves and uncover some pretty freaky things, the scanning mechanic manages to shift this walking simulator into puzzle territory quite well. I heartily recommend every plays it all the way through at least once."
,Recommended,475190,32840959,Posted: 26 June,all,cerebus75,I have only played this in VR.....I can say that it is enthralling in VR.  The act of scanning the environment is really engaging.  Very original and interesting.  Story?  eh...it isn't trying to do that really...the act of discovery is the story.  In VR the act of discovery is completely owned by the player as you physically perform the scan.  Highly recommended.
,Recommended,475190,32783221,Posted: 25 June,all,jukibom,One of the coolest things I've seen in VR. Performance is a bit hit and miss towards the end but I thoroughly enjoyed the ride.
,Recommended,475190,33477148,Posted: 12 July,all,jessica simpson,"a fascinating mechanic that is visually stunning, great sound design, an interesting setting...but it's all in search of a game to take advantage of it. the story is thin - a bunch of observations of things that happened in the setting, but nothing done with them, and the story of your character feels a bit like a tacked on ending. there's not much gameplay - fine if you're a walking simulator with a strong/interesting story, but here the story is too weak to justify that. the ""horror"" element is barely there - a missed opportunity. it's also probably too short for its full price.take the base idea, give it a stronger story and more gameplay - whether it's a horror game or exploration/platformer or whatever - and this could be a great title. as it is, it feels underdone.now having said that, i'd still recommend it when it's on sale, just because it is so interesting visually and mechanically."
,Recommended,475190,31392213,Posted: 27 April,all,johntherussian,"This is an exploration type game akin to Dear Esther. The LIDAR concept is interesting. It's short, and there is not really much in terms of danger. Nice little story with surprise ending. I would recommend this for someone looking for something different."
,Recommended,475190,31902372,Posted: 22 May,all,Dangerous Person,"This game gives you an enjoyable atmospheric evening. To me the price of entry was worth it but if you are on the fence you might feel a little under whelmed.The premise of viewing this cave system through an in-game VR headset which projects mapped out data points makes it kind of believably immersive despite it's simple graphics. Unfortunately this immersion is broken a couple of times, such as data points floating away on water or if you scan a moving objects (such a gear or wheel) the data points move with it.This sort of things can be explained a little bit by the ending but it still didn't change the fact that it broke my immersion at the time.Additionally the upgrade that color codes materials really broke the games cool visual style for me and I think the overall game would be better off without it. Despite the fact you can toggle in on and off.Nevertheless I thoroughly enjoyed the core mechanic and the overall atmosphere. Especially in some parts and they those impressions will probably stay with me for a good while."
,Recommended,475190,31404589,Posted: 27 April,all,kaneshado~1.exe,Arguably the best HP Lovecraft-inspired walking simulator ever made for the Nintendo VirtualBoy
,Recommended,475190,34169392,Posted: 11 August,all,MCDEVIANT,"Devs don't be disappointed that a VR game didn't reach the astronomical sales of prison architect. You've created something special, a new type of game. You're pioneers."
76561198297581073,Recommended,475190,33294442,Posted: 5 July,all,chrisbraeuer411,"For VR:This game unfolds its beauty only in VR. I can´t understand people who rush trough this in 2 hours and refund it than and give a bad review. I played it for more than 1,5 hours and my savefile says i am at 7%. Sure i take myself time. You can scan roughly to get an idea were to go but than you miss so much. (I would be like if you warp your way throu Super MarioBros in 5 min, and complain how short it is.) If you scan longer you see the whole beauty in it. In VR it is especially imressive to look at the gigantic formations, caves, ruins and...There is so much Atmosphere in this game.This is a game that is unique and every VR owner should have this in his collection.100% recommendationupdate: took me 16 hours to finish it and i got an extremely detailed map. The end rewarded me for beeing that accurate. Must have for VR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,475190,32191347,Posted: 4 June,all,מטסﬣ,Scanner Sombre pretty unique game
76561198028666351,Not Recommended,475190,32172180,Posted: 4 June,all,brendan,Great Concept but the game seems rushed and under developed. Too many bugs for a post release game and the ending was unoriginal. Its ashame because it the concept could have delivered if it went in a different direction.
,Not Recommended,475190,34518201,Posted: 26 August,all,Bradester,"While the scanning mechanic is really cool and fun to use, there is nothing more to the game, it's just a relativly short walk through a cave. There is very little game to this, just scan, walk, scan, walk, look at thing, repeat.It feels like a tech demo more than a game."
,Recommended,475190,32903526,Posted: 27 June,all,[TC] SirLamer,"If you have VR, you have to play this.People who criticize media content for taking 90 minutes to finish must really hate going to the movies."
76561198070089251,Not Recommended,475190,31543917,Posted: 4 May,all,Glornak Ironspawn,Very cool concept and fun to play. Worth 12 bucks? not really. too short.
,Recommended,475190,31510935,Posted: 2 May,all,Anihillator,"They got such impressive mechanic, so much potential, so many possible genres...And they completely ignored it, made a short game with barely any plot.But the game is beautiful and unique, so check it out."
,Recommended,475190,32753822,Posted: 24 June,all,Captain Looc Sparrow,"This was an amazing and truly original game. I had a great time playing it and it was a great experience. The only bad thing that I have to say is it is mistakenly labeled as a horror game. Starting the story, I had no idea that it was supposed to be and I had a much better time relaxed and exploring it. There are a few ""scary"" aspects of the game, but it doesn't influence the story enough to call it a horror game."
76561198091591509,Recommended,475190,31431290,Posted: 28 April,all,Dayman,A nice short but sweet exploration game with a very simplistic style and controls. A very innovative mechanic which really works well with the story. Almost a walking style game similar to firewatch.
76561198083609045,Recommended,475190,31380065,Posted: 26 April,all,XXR911XX,"If the movie Inception was about Bob Ross I am quite sure this is the outcome.I give it 11 out of 10 scannersPros +++It has many colorsYou only have to walk, point, & clickOccassionally you have to press B but I macro'd that to my mouse cause it slowed my chip eatingScary Atmosphere but not too scary for sissies like meYou get to paint pretty trees at the end (spoiler)There is a Jail although it could be a prison but I expect more polish if it were actually a prison (you know why)Cons ---No- Coop I know this game wouldnt be fun if it were though just scanning each others junk so ^ this is a pro too i guessNever quite figured out the story beyond I need to get out of this cave and bad things happened hereThe enemy did not affect gameplay beyond me peeing myself to weird sounds and my paranoia taking overI didn't know about it soonerBob Ross isn't in the game (there is hope for DLC)9$ got me almost an hour and a half gameplay start to finish....  eh i guess thats ok not greatOverall I liked the experience but it is not for everyone (until the DLC adds mutiplayer king of the scanner matches)11/10 Scanners"
,Recommended,475190,31409918,Posted: 27 April,all,Dave,"A unique, albeit brief walk through the depths below.10/10 would develop OCD and PTSD simultaneously again."
,Recommended,475190,31385177,Posted: 26 April,all,Basti,"Short, im already done with it after 2 hours, but absolutly worth it.This is how other games need to do cave exploration."
,Recommended,475190,33754956,Posted: 23 July,all,dydx,"I usually don't care for exploring in games, but exploration feels a lot more interactive in this game, obviously.Really cool tech. Unfortunate that they didn't do more with the gameplay. But I still had fun."
,Recommended,475190,31411190,Posted: 28 April,all,BeaverDaBeaver,"It's MS Paint Airbrush Tool the game. 10/10, it's pretty, and has a good song at one point."
,Recommended,475190,31392415,Posted: 27 April,all,ker2x,Short and WTF.
,Recommended,475190,31394946,Posted: 27 April,all,Martoon,"I loved the feeling of playing this one. The gameplay reminds me a little of Unfinished Swan (one of my all-time favorites), but with a darker aesthetic. Scanning around and broadening/narrowing your scanner aperture as you find your way through the dark becomes very intuitive, and is just one of those moment-to-moment interactions that's satisfying at a gut level.It's a bit short (a couple hours for first play through, and the New Game+ doesn't really add much apart from giving you all abilities up front), but I think it's worth the price of admission for the unique experience it provides.The trailer almost makes it look like a horror/thriller, but I didn't find it frightening at all. More of an instrospective, sad, beauty kind of thing."
76561197971127571,Recommended,475190,32007648,Posted: 27 May,all,The_Real_Black,"wow I just finished it and I have to write the review NOW!Its a very unique game concept to scan your way out of the cave with no textures till the material scanner and then it is only a different color on the dots. Its a mild spooky walking sim. The jumpscares are not startlingly but create the nice horror feeling of a dark cave. Play time is only 1 to 4 hours, but they are filled with tension and nice passages of wonders as release.I hope some day this game gets a workshop support so people can build there own ""blind"" walking sim."
,Recommended,475190,31525285,Posted: 3 May,all,Phenix Valkyr,"Hooooo dang this game is worth it.  The music, the ambiance, even the little LIDAR dots themselves all add to this game's tense atmosphere.  You start out on a liesurely stroll that immediately turns dark when you first encounter a human...statue?That appears on a bridge later, watching as you fall.Every time the beam glitches there's something around you effecting it.  Keep an eye out for shadows in your LIDAR beam..."
76561198026393824,Recommended,475190,31380253,Posted: 26 April,all,Irie009,"Super fun ""experience"", very strange ""game"". 10/10 would walk through caves again."
,Recommended,475190,32988103,Posted: 29 June,all,Radialgaming,pretty game but like everyone says its short and youl have to make up your own mind if the the playtime to money ratio is good for you.
,Recommended,475190,32958461,Posted: 28 June,all,MDK2k,If you like walking simulators or point clouds this is the game for you.
,Recommended,475190,31379259,Posted: 26 April,all,geordietony,"I love the guys at Introversion, the work they put into PA was amazing and when they first showed this my interest was high, so was excited to get hands on it.This in all intense in purposes is a walking simulator where you have a LIDAR scanner and you scan the cave systems looking for paths and places to go.The graphics are beautiful and the sound design/music is really well done.However, I'm not a massive fan of these ""walking simulators"" and beyond the graphics I’m not too sold on it yet. I'm going to keep playing as I am liking the atmosphere so far. Its one of this in the middle of a recommendation or not.  I'll give it a thumbs up for the experience so far but if something doesn't happen soon it may go to a Thumbs down.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ibf9AZEmKg0"
,Recommended,475190,32900707,Posted: 27 June,all,johngannon,A really great experience in VR!  Had a few audio bugs/crashes but really enjoyed my time with it and the prototypes included.
,Recommended,475190,31383664,Posted: 26 April,all,Reiver93,This game summed up in 3 words:UniqueOriginalBeautiful
,Recommended,475190,35096255,Posted: 20 September,all,nicknicknicknick,"short, novel first-person scanner. so spoopy."
76561197970521707,Recommended,475190,33300279,Posted: 5 July,all,tinyjr,Just played in VR for an hour and it's one of the best VR experiences I've had in a long time. Great idea and very well executed.
76561198118057966,Recommended,475190,31388075,Posted: 26 April,all,Flawed,"Absolutley LOVED IT! I couldn't recommend this game more highly. The Idea for this game is fantastic and it has a lot of neat mechanics. It's really cool to imagine what the place would look like if it was lit up in full light and colour. If you haven't already then DO NOT look up any gameplay videos until after you have completed the entire game. Since walking simulators such as this one rely on their story. But all games have their cons. A couple are a few glitches and minor bugs (all games have them), nothing major. The story was a bit lacking but still enjoyable and almost had me in tears at the end. Oh yeah, I am now also traumatised of water, especially underground lakes... ;) All in all a very fun and imaginative game. If you don't have too much of a problem with the length of the game, which is roughly two hours. Then it is definitley worth the pick-up. I rate Scanner Sombre 9.8/10"
76561198011730978,Recommended,475190,31388494,Posted: 26 April,all,imnotjoe,"A bit short, but truly terrifying in a way that I haven't ever experienced in a game. Jump in the water, trust me."
,Recommended,475190,31381814,Posted: 26 April,all,LordCapitan32,"I haven't played much at the moment.  Up to the point of buying it I had heard very little about it.  I watched about 2 minutes of a Youtube video and decided I would purchase it.  So far I'm loving it.  The game is strangely relaxing and I can imagine I'll (hopefully) be playing this for many days/ weeks to come just in brief stints I think.The style of play is unusual and quite unlike other games I usually play.I love the idea of exploring using light, it really does make me quite on-edge whilst playing- I'm going to carry on playing from now on without looking at any videos.I imagine that the first few minutes play out much like the rest of the game- a fun experience, rewarding to colour the surfaces and explore- if you watch a short video and enjoy it- give it a go.I'd suggest it's best played as a relaxing way to chill out.9/10  (I hope there will be replayability and/or extra caves updated depending on how long it takes to ""complete"")"
,Recommended,475190,31387907,Posted: 26 April,all,Morian,"I just wrapped it up, and I can recommend wholeheartedly.  It's $10 for around two hours of gameplay, but those two hours are going to be packed to the brim with new and interesting ideas.  The entire mechanic of looking around the world makes even exploring a simple cave, something most gamers have done hundreds of times, novel and unsettling.  I'm a fan of Dear Esther and Gone Home, games which it sites as influences, but honestly, it felt more like Near Death or the cave sections of The Forest.  If any of that sounds appealing to you and you've got $10 to spend, pick it up blind so you can go in with as much mystery as possible."
76561198042178423,Recommended,475190,31388573,Posted: 26 April,all,13thMonkey,Beautiful and immersive.
,Not Recommended,475190,31387235,Posted: 26 April,all,Ronnie Filyaw,"This game has a solid concept, interesting progression of events until the last 1/4th or so, and a combination of audio and visuals that really draw you in for a while. However, the game throws the whole experience away by giving an ending which was alluded to in earlier dialogue, but frustrates you and sours the experience as a whole. Buy it in a humble bundle."
76561197967981437,Not Recommended,475190,31893478,Posted: 21 May,all,Saiph,"A game designed to generate pretty screenshots in magazines, but not to entertain. Short, limited in scope, and under-developed (no key rebindings, no option to change mouse axes). It's certainly novel, but is it worth £9? No, absolutely not. This game is a sign of a software house which is either (a) complacent, (b) greedy, or (c) in need of a quick cash injection due to financial difficulties. None of those alternatives reflect well on Introversion. If you can pick this up for a couple of quid in a Steam sale, you might enjoy the novelty of the ""Lidar"" graphics. Otherwise I recommend you avoid it and save your hard-earned money for something more deserving of your attention."
76561198067883105,Recommended,475190,33186492,Posted: 3 July,all,MarkUsAll,"TL;DR: If you like exploration and like the way the mechanic looks and dont mind thinking for yourself (since story is not really pushed in your face), this game will have something for you.Now the full review:Some say this game is more of a horror game than a cave exploration game. I completely have to disaggree. Things can get tense at moments:There are a few (jump)scares and a rather small section with monsters.Other than that is really nothing else than exploring an entire cave with a cool mechanic. I get that some say the story element is not really good, but in this game I like the fact that there is no voiceacting. You get some thoughts from the protagonist every now and than, but everything else is for yourself to interpret. I personaly love the atmosphere and how you discover everything in little pieces.Also, the sound is Amazing with capital A. There isn't a lot of sound all the time next to your footsteps, but the echo when you get from a narrow part into a large opening tells you everything you need to know. Waterdroplets let you know there is water etc. And I personally like the song you hear at the right moments beautiful. (For those who played it, I think you know which I mean. For those who didn't, go play it ;p)There are some upgrades to your gear as well, I am not going to spoil all of them, but I want to give credit to at least one of them.The map. One of the best maps I have seen in recent games, even though it is because of the games mechanic. Every dot you have painted is saved in the map. You can move over it in it's entirety. I love that SO much.For those with a Rift or Vive, VR support is also in beta right now. I believe this game perfectly works with or without a VR set tho, so do not be discouraged to buy it if you don't own VR."
76561197970849298,Not Recommended,475190,32008250,Posted: 27 May,all,Snotvomit,"Well, I played 4 hours and can't recommend it unless they optimise it.I have a high end rig and was regularly dropping to 24fps.   It doesn't happen at the beginning but once I was 3.5 hours into the game, the frame rate went abysmal.  Restarting the PC and game didn't help - it's like the game gets too big as it progresses.Checked task manager and the game is using 7.5 gig.   I have 16 gig but that is still an insane amount of memory to be using.   I suspect this is related to framerate.I love Introversion.  I have all their titles.  Loved Darwinia.  Love Defcon (in my top 10 favourite games).  Quite like Prison Architect.As a game, this title is very courageous.   If they fix the performance issues I will change my review.  This is a game I will check on regularly because I would love to play it at decent framerate.For the moment, my 4 hours experience is less than positive due to poor performance.UPDATE:-------------OK so I have now spent another 4.5 hours and the endgame is little better than a slideshow.  Lowest frame rate at the end was 12fps.  I lowered the res all the way down to 800x600 and it had almost no impact.   Looking at the discussion board, there are others who experience this.I will still come back to this game when they update it.  If they can solve the degrading frame-rate issue then the game will be OK and I will update my review."
,Recommended,475190,31381590,Posted: 26 April,all,Hahahrawrrahaha,"I just paid 10$ to be made to cry. And ya know what, I'd do it again."
,Not Recommended,475190,31406527,Posted: 27 April,all,The Dinkster,"Pretty cool concept, although the twist ending was forced and stupid.  Also, this game was essentially just a walking simulator with very little real gameplay."
76561198026999298,Not Recommended,475190,33527058,Posted: 13 July,all,skillfultree,It's like vacuuming for 3 hours while your 6 year old kid tries to scare you.
,Not Recommended,475190,31400337,Posted: 27 April,all,Erorr,"I would not call this a game since you finish it in about 1.5h, and you can do absolutily nothing in this 'game' except for scanning and move around.Although the atmosphere is great, the concept is super but there is no content, only a cave to explore.Also there is ZERO replayability, so renting a movie is actually cheaper than this 'game'.I really do NOT understand why they sell this as a finished game.A realistic price for this game would be free, since it is a demo."
,Not Recommended,475190,32849341,Posted: 27 June,all,Buzzintate,"I took my time exploring places and I didn't even get 2 hours out of this ""game""It's not even a horror game, there are some lame jump scares scattered around but for the most part the creepy feeling you'll get from playing just comes from the environment.The ending is also very lackluster and I didn't feel attatched to anything as I was playing.The only interesting thing about this game is how cool it looks and the concept.Pick it up for $5 or watch someone else play it."
,Recommended,475190,31405403,Posted: 27 April,all,Demodulated,Nice synergy of a visual gimmick and level design. Very beautiful presentation with spooky sound and music. Light on story but I loved the ending. I'm really glad I played this.
76561197972709619,Not Recommended,475190,35193364,Posted: 24 September,all,ShinmaWa,"I love walking simulators as a great way to tell a story.    However, Scanner Sombre doesn't tell a great story.   It doesn't even tell a good story.    It is barely a passable story.The game simply can't figure out what it wants to be.1.  It tries to be story rich.  And fails.2.  It tries to be horror.  And fails even more.3.  It tries to be interactive, but it is barely that.It's an admittedly pretty tech demo with a plot thinner than a porn film to attempt to justify itself as a game.Introversion Interactive has always fallen prey to gimmicks (like the use of gestures in Darwinia) but usually they've done an excellent job marrying their gimmicks with an actually good game.   This time, there's no game, there's no story.  There's just gimmick."
76561197968219026,Recommended,475190,33359188,Posted: 7 July,all,Analog_Boy,"Great VR game, especially for the price. More people should know about this."
,Recommended,475190,33130188,Posted: 2 July,all,jackie,Awesome.
76561197971188008,Recommended,475190,31473348,Posted: 30 April,all,MikahSlash,Pretty good short atmospheric game. Play it.
76561198026400555,Recommended,475190,31423230,Posted: 28 April,all,NeuralCorruption,This is a different kind of game. The atmosphere is inductive to making your spine tingle.
76561198024852542,Recommended,475190,31431320,Posted: 28 April,all,NeonsStyle,"This is a very interesting game at first. The technique of using a LIDAR scanner creates a very interesting effect. However the story seems to be quite lacking. Constantly while playing, you are presented with lines of text (no voice acting) about which nothing is explained. You are always asking questions of the game, and it gives no answers really.From a technical standpoint it's fascinating, and extremely beautiful. From a gameplay point of view it's also quite interesting in solving the problems you face, dealing with feelings of claustrophobia, fear of heights etc. Just trying to find your way. However the game lacks a good writer.That said, it's a great experience, and the price point is a fair one I think. I definitely recommend the experience soley on the price point, and the cleverness and beauty of the game."
,Recommended,475190,31427157,Posted: 28 April,all,Gargaj,"Interesting core idea wrapped ingeniously around a story, with fantastic sound design / music. The kind of game I wish I could make."
76561197992971571,Recommended,475190,31434712,Posted: 29 April,all,76561197992971571,"Cave exploration simulator.If you've ever explored/toured a cave, this will bring back memories.Could benefit from coop, cave animals (such as bats and insects) as well as underground rivers.All in all, you're paying for an experience driven by curiosity and fear of the unknown."
,Recommended,475190,31491866,Posted: 1 May,all,Spookjax,You're not alone.
,Recommended,475190,31645446,Posted: 9 May,all,Fatmandue,Incredible game with a nice story. I love the new approach to an atmospheric horror game as you never know whats infront of you and unless you want to know you have to physically find out you cant just backout and see it from a safe distance.
76561198024912017,Recommended,475190,32716800,Posted: 24 June,all,tommy_e110,An experience
,Recommended,475190,32876138,Posted: 27 June,all,Nobody,"I could have refunded this game, but I didn't."
,Recommended,475190,32788488,Posted: 25 June,all,Kris.vdv,I've never played anything like this before.. and in VR it's just... wow.. I have no words for it..
,Recommended,475190,33411799,Posted: 9 July,all,gergefil,"A nice sighseeing tour underground which takes about 2 hours. Don't think this as a game, think this as a voyage under ground."
,Recommended,475190,33422781,Posted: 9 July,all,Ｓ﻿ｅ▽▽ｅИ,That's a real tomb raider.
,Recommended,475190,33446472,Posted: 10 July,all,LittlBUGer,"What a different, fascinating and fantastic game this was. I didn't know what to really expect when I first bought this game, other than the fact that it looked interesting. It's kind of like the best non-VR VR experience you can have and I may just buy a VR headset just to play this game again once the VR version is ready!Even though the game as a whole is unfortunately short, it still takes you through an amazing journey uncovering a secret that has such a twist I would have never guessed. I loved it so much that I started playing it again via ""New Game+"" and found an amazing hidden gem that I never saw before right at the very beginning!When it was done I stood in awe at the technological marvel that I just played and was sad it was already done. I was glad to be done with the whole 'lake level' though as I was genuinely freaked out, but it was all good.If you like adventure games and want to experience something that you've never dreamed of before, play this game and seriously take your time through it, don't rush! I'm still making my way through the game a second time and can't wait to uncover even more hidden gems. I give it 4 out of 5 stars, but only because it was too damn short.  :)"
76561197983751718,Recommended,475190,34458271,Posted: 24 August,all,geordier,It's very beautiful and atmospheric when playing in VR. The short length is perfect as I was very glad to reach the end but still very happy to have played it. As others have said it's more an experience than a game but definitely worth trying.
,Recommended,475190,33806699,Posted: 26 July,all,pansapiens,"Imagine if William Crowther'sColossal Cave Adventurewere made today, for VR. Rather than the story being slowly revealed by the luminescent glow of text on a green or orange CRT, it is instead revealed by a glowing point cloud mapping the 3D space as you wander deeper into the bowels of an ancient cave system. I've only played through the VR [beta] version, but it stands as one of the most stunning gaming experiences I've had. A good balance of exploring 'twisting passages' without resorting to frustrating mazes. The odd jumpscare, but not overdone so that it builds a sense of creeping dread, finally receding to provide some awe inspring moments of solitude.I've no idea if the non-VR version would have the same lasting impact - I suspect not based on the VR/non-VR positive/negative review dichotomy playing out here on Steam. It's by no means a flawless game - the story seem to have potential then evolves to justmehand there are some persistent audio bugs that need squashing. It feels like it could do with some voice acting, but I understand there may be valid creative and logistical reasons (ie localisation) why Introversion went with simple text overlays. None of these shortcomings make me regret buying and spending time experiencing it.If you have two hours to spare, a VR rig (or a friend with one !) and don't mind a broad range of gaming experiences, give it a whirl. If your tastes are anything like mine, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,475190,33977102,Posted: 2 August,all,andyfiw,You really want to get out of that cave
,Recommended,475190,31496270,Posted: 1 May,all,Mr. Jericho,"I have to say, wauw to begin with. This game surprised me!.. I was just looking for something to pass my time, and this ended up being one of the best games I've played in 2017. To the atmosphere, to the story, the.. The everything!Thank you very much to the developers for making this absolutely fantastic game. I don't wanna spoil anything.Just play it."
,Recommended,475190,31471385,Posted: 30 April,all,Aradaan,"It is an awesome game. For sure it is a game around that unique game feature(LIDAR Scanner) but it is a fantastic atmosphere and a unique experence to explore the world.I would recommand to buy this product as that developers need to be supported to create more awesome games like this!For sure, for 13€ you get a lot of other games also..but if you want some unique experience that check out this game. Never have seen a game like this before. Totally worth it!"
,Recommended,475190,33097426,Posted: 1 July,all,Malice,wow.. this is one of the best looking VR games out there for the price. this is a MUST buy.
76561197970535896,Recommended,475190,32931634,Posted: 28 June,all,Danamir,"It's kinda strange that this game wasn't made only for VR, as it is such a good fit. I really had a blast painting all the world with my scanner.It is a quite short, but very unique experience (at least in VR). I highly recommend it for any player wanting something out of the ordinary."
76561198177028471,Recommended,475190,33100711,Posted: 1 July,all,harjitsembi,Wow its amazing bg in vr such a soothing game well worth the money.
76561197973402038,Recommended,475190,33104174,Posted: 1 July,all,bara,"This game is.. different, i am not sure about the story but it is fun to stumble around just by using a scanner"
,Recommended,475190,31927267,Posted: 23 May,all,Eforen,I normally can not stand playing story games they just don'y hold my attention perticularly ones that are so linear like this game. That said this game totally held my attention though it was a bit short I enjoyed it very much.
,Recommended,475190,32710164,Posted: 23 June,all,DreamingDemon,"It's a walking simulator. The visual effects are interesting, and the uncertainty about what you see increases the creepiness of the game. Unfortunately, it's not enough. The tone is a bit inconsistent... the game doesn't always seem certain whether it wants to be creepy or dramatic.I liked it; it's worth the Steam Sale price I paid for it. Heck, with the value I've gotten from Prison Architect it's paid for a few flops. May their next try turn out better."
,Recommended,475190,32189414,Posted: 4 June,all,Bad_Lu.K,I just loved spraying little dots all over the walls of a cave for a couple hours. 10/10
,Recommended,475190,34875071,Posted: 10 September,all,jbjw,sp00ki
76561197986262991,Recommended,475190,31397973,Posted: 27 April,all,Storm,"I play slow and it only took me 1.6 hours to finish the game.  I'm giving this one a VERY hard pressed thumbs up because it's a fun game but it's way too short.  I'd value this at half the price for sure, but at the current price it's definitely overpriced.If this was any other company, I'd probably return the game but I like supporting Introversion (I own all their games) and I see this more as financial aid than paying for the actual game."
76561198052376009,Recommended,475190,33167424,Posted: 2 July,all,Guitar5986,The atmosphere is very eerie in VR.  There is a bit of a Lovecraftian feel to this game because you aren't able to see what is around you.  It adds a sense of dread that would not be there if you could simply walk through the caves with a torch.  The scanner works beatifully in VR.  And the map feature motivates me to thoroughly scan every area so that I can go look through them later.  I have spent a lot of time just playing with the map.  This might not be everyones cup of tea but it sure is mine.
,Recommended,475190,33200810,Posted: 3 July,all,hookman,Fantastically atmospheric game.I strongly recommend it if you have VR. It feels like it was made for VR even though it's been added on afterwards and is only available in the beta branch at the moment.I'd say this is the best walking simulator you'll find for VR right now.
,Recommended,475190,33263377,Posted: 4 July,all,andybak,If you've got VR buy this. There's nothing else like it.
76561198053610061,Recommended,475190,32732410,Posted: 24 June,all,hippielettuce,"I was pleasantly surprised by this title. I was always curious about it and then I saw it on the Steam Summer Sale and picked it up.PROS-casual-scary but not at the same time-inovative mechanics-looks beautiful in an indie artsy kinda way-decent story(although vague)CONS-short-price when not on saleIf you are looking for a break from action packed multiplayer games for an hour or two and you see this on sale, buy it."
,Recommended,475190,32765828,Posted: 25 June,all,Slazenger ヽ(。‿°)ノ,Incredibly atmospheric and makes the hair on your neck rise.  Very clever mechanic from a great team!
76561198201907664,Recommended,475190,31468892,Posted: 30 April,all,subzerolightning,"Enjoyed the game. Some parts were slightly more challenging with a maze like feel, where you can get stuck, but due to the game mechanics you can see where you haven't explored and easily get back on track."
,Not Recommended,475190,31502336,Posted: 2 May,all,fio,"If you got money to burn and like some experimental-like walking sims, get this one. It's pretty unique, cool lights and stuff. The jumpscares was uncalled for imo. For me, it was a really sharp turn when the beauty switches into some torso popping in and the audio makes your heart skip a beat.Only buy it if you really want to try it, the price isn't worth it at the moment."
,Recommended,475190,32665609,Posted: 22 June,all,Playfree_Labs,Great game that I highly recommend. Gameplay is amazing and unique. However I returned it because its story was short and easy to beat.
,Recommended,475190,32667349,Posted: 22 June,all,cassembler,"It's the video game equivalent of Andy Warhol's Marilyn paintings meets Radiohead's Kid A*... Easily one of the most engaging entertainment experiences of my entire life. I'm already haunted by it.From a value perspective, go into it expecting a new favorite movie and you'll be delighted. You'll remember this one.( * EDIT: from a ""how does this contribute to the community"" perspective, not so much ""tone/style/method"")"
,Recommended,475190,33228142,Posted: 4 July,all,TiltingMills,"When the developers name-check Gone Home and Dear Esther, for better and worse they've set some expectations of their product. Scanner Sombre is an interactive experience rather than a game; you're either into that or you're not. Don't expect deep systems, complex narrative, or mysteries to unravel.The real hook here is having to paint the environment with your Lidar Scanner, watching the world blossom into view as a million tiny points of light add shape and depth to your environment. Outside of this there's not a lot to the experience, and that's ok. It's a short but sweet, one-and-done experience.If you enjoy interactive experiences, fancy the aesthetic, or would rather give your tenner to a company who constantly innovate than the latest Transformers 'movie', Scanner Sombre is worth a look!"
76561198333588024,Recommended,475190,33258438,Posted: 4 July,all,chiliphrosting,"I'm about 30% in. The mechanics of using the lidar scanner in the game is a little repetitive but still enjoyable by the enhanced playability through VR. I've only played it in VR and is the only way I can imagine playing the game. Who would have thought that colorful lights could be so creepy atmospheric? The sounds add to the experience as well. It's a slow burn experience so don't expect guns blazing and jump scares. If you have a VR headset, I would recommend Scanner Sombre especially since it is on sale."
76561198019032551,Recommended,475190,33201755,Posted: 3 July,all,Legangsta,"omg what a crazy concept clearly made for VR!Excellent sound, and gradual stress. The depper you go the more you feel the tension.Great immersion, it really cuts you from the reallity.It's not a cave, it's a complete trip to the center of the earth.A  season in the abyss.Once you have scanned a lot, the structures are very very precise giving an organic touch to the cave and a real good design to the structures.The scenario is very entertaining, it really pushes to discover more and more.The devs has brain and balls to realease this creative game.They could have surfed on  their success and made hospital architect, school architect, greenhouse architect or wtf architect, but they came back with this fresh title : micro-dots architexture.Really a must have for VR enthusiasts. After hard VR sessions loosing 1 liter of water by killing and dodging, this game is perfect to relax. Relax yes, but in a stressfull and trippy environement.Some folks are complaining about the locomotion.... Yes it's short teleport, but as you must go forward in the obscure dark black and scan your way, it's not a real problem."
,Recommended,475190,31474955,Posted: 30 April,all,Zael,"Sweet exploration game, that had just enough length. Remember though, never go spelunking alone!"
,Not Recommended,475190,32824646,Posted: 26 June,all,kaller,"I like to decide if a game is worth it by the cost of the game divided by how many hours/estimated hours I play. I bought this game on sale for £4.49. So £4.49/2 hours gameplay = £2.25 per hour of gameplay. If a game costs this much per hour of gameplay then I hope you have a good job. At normal price this would be practically £5. The good amount to pay would be 50p per hour. So while this game isn't worth the value, it is still a nice gamePros-- Unique- Weird- ImmersiveCons-- Not really replayable- Isn't exactly fun- Story is good- No where near as good as other games made by Introversion"
76561198013995806,Recommended,475190,31378382,Posted: 26 April,all,Howling-MoMo,"Scanner sombre is an explritive game where the key selling point is that you cant see the terrain where you have to scan to show the world to you. While a walking simmulator its strangly compeling to reveal an area whole your progressing. The game is linirar so while it can be hard to tell where to go at times you dont really feel stuck at any point really save for one or two small areas. while the exploration i find compeling the story aspect of the game is a bit weak in my mind. There is no voice acting so you get story from text boxs which can be missed if your n ot paying attention. After finishing the story in about 2 hours i still had some questions left so if your expecting a great story scanner sombre is laking in that area.The game dosent change to much during my playthrough so if the whole scanning the area to see what it looks like dosent appeal to you then mabey skip this game, but if you like exploring this is an interesting expirence that i recomend because as a walking simulator is has gameplay."
76561197976753956,Recommended,475190,31377959,Posted: 26 April,all,Wyatt,This game is extremely soothing. if you enjoy games like minecraft for the soothing aspect of it you will probly love this.  Im only 40 minutes but im going to enjoy this very much. Buy the game its only 9 bucks and has one of the coolest game mechanics in a long time that is well worth the price of admission.The developers behind this are some of the best indy devs ever. Give them money. Maybe they will make defcon 2 with all the neetbucks you give them.
,Not Recommended,475190,31384308,Posted: 26 April,all,Crimson Blood,the review i am giving right now is bad for one reason. For me the game is completly unplayable becase of the camera/screen constantly panning to the left while im doing nothing and am unable to move. it does this both with the keybored and a controller. I still have hopes that the game is good but i cant play it or ill probabbly get a head ach. so i reccomend waiting for a bit if you thinking of getting this game!
76561198197333762,Not Recommended,475190,31492054,Posted: 1 May,all,Ravelord Nito,the game doesnt event work ive tried everthing and cant even get past the title screen that bugs out and freezes.
,Not Recommended,475190,31423476,Posted: 28 April,all,Ricky,This game is not Prison Architect 2
76561198023737656,Not Recommended,475190,31377164,Posted: 26 April,all,BloodClown,They forgot to have things happen in this game.
,Recommended,475190,31383016,Posted: 26 April,all,{ZOS} Somniad,"Wow, I didn't even realize that I'd bought this game on the first day it was out until I had finished it. While it is a short game, and I wouldn't suggest it to anybody who doesn't like short games, everybody else should totally play this game if they can spare the few dollars to buy it. Scanner Sombre will play with your emotions in the best way, managing to evoke emotion without feeling overly manipulative. Highly suggested to anybody who thinks they might enjoy it."
,Recommended,475190,31383340,Posted: 26 April,all,Kevindeuxieme,"The concept is interesting, and I really feel like this could work well with VR, but the scenario... if you can call it that... is really a negative point. This feels more like a prototype where it was felt that a story was needed, but the writer couldn't make anything work and just crammed the initial ideas on the script and hoped for the best.So, 10€ for a funny looking thing that will take you 1-2hours to finish, and leave you wanting for an actual conclusion. Your choice!"
76561198020962979,Recommended,475190,31379931,Posted: 26 April,all,MA-SIMON,"Very odd Game with a very interesting scan mechanic.Sombre is very... strange. It is a game that does not know what it wants to be.A mixed bag of ideas that pop up and leave as you explore. Never really hitting a sweet spot.It starts as a bit of a horror game, but completely abandons this idea mid-game and just... goes on.Storywise, after a full play trough, I can safely say: I have no Idea what I played.One thing it gets right though is the way the cave feels. Taking away the textures allowed the cave to be build far more organically then other video game caves. Which makes if feel more like an actual cave.I can recommend it for the novelty of the cool looking scanner mechanic.Some of the music choices are questionable, because they are very much at odds with the mood."
,Recommended,475190,31385536,Posted: 26 April,all,gmyx,Creepy but in a good way.
,Recommended,475190,31386862,Posted: 26 April,all,Devilturnip,"Quite enjoyed it! While I enjoyed Prison Architect, this felt more like a classic Introversion game to me. Literally painting the scene with lasers."
,Recommended,475190,31379101,Posted: 26 April,all,Rataphract,"Creepy. Produces FEELINGS. Short, but so long as it costs less than a trip to the movies and if a game entertains you about as long as that you're happy, probably worth your money. More importantly? Very different from your average exploration/walking around and seeing things game."
76561198009970200,Recommended,475190,31378941,Posted: 26 April,all,Stone-D,"Introversion have managed to capture pure claustrophobia with this game. The scanner visuals really add to the atmosphere, and the audio just multiplies it as your footsteps echo in vast caverns. I've had to force myself to stop after two hours as I've got work in the morning, but be sure I'll be back as soon as possible.No guns, no medikits... pure exploration. Just don't forget to save!At this price, you can't go wrong."
76561198151408695,Recommended,475190,31409365,Posted: 27 April,all,erik.the.claws,i wish i could run in this
,Recommended,475190,31409778,Posted: 27 April,all,Anticept,"The game is strictly an exploration game, not a game for challenge. It's very consistent with its store description.It's a great dive into a new novel concept, and short enough not to get bored of it before you finish."
76561198022906204,Recommended,475190,31409206,Posted: 27 April,all,forysta,*Recommended but...*It took one short but enjoyable sitting to complete the game and while I recommend a playthrough at least for the graphical spectacle on hand I am torn between a thumb up or down.I settled on recommending the game with one substantial caveat...even at 20% off at launch I would have preferred it be a little cheaper for the time investment. In the end I'm glad to support the developer and hope they continue to show this kind of ingenuity but the game does not have a tremendous amount of depth.For what it's worth I enjoyed myself as much as I do going to a movie of similar length and I am looking forward to sharing the experience with others. If you like an original ambulatory experience catch it on sale. It's a clever and *quite* beautiful novelty!
76561197976085312,Recommended,475190,31404393,Posted: 27 April,all,Unworthy Shadow,This was a fantastic experience.
,Recommended,475190,31401117,Posted: 27 April,all,Babygirl Kenzie,I love this game it is a beautiful and scary at the same time. However the only question I have is why is game called Scanner Sombre instead of Scanner Somber? Which would make more sense as: Sombre isn't a word and Somber means: dark or dull in color or tone or gloomy
,Recommended,475190,31411943,Posted: 28 April,all,Casper,Wow...  Such an haunting ending. This game is absolutly fantastic to satisfy those curious to eplore
76561197971896207,Recommended,475190,31402125,Posted: 27 April,all,Xenotone,"I absolutely loved every second of this, although I am a fan of a few walking sims. If you're not then it likely won't float your boat. Incredible visuals and audio, quite scary at times but not full on horror, and didn't overstay its welcome. It's something genuinely unique."
76561197960897122,Recommended,475190,31412451,Posted: 28 April,all,Christian,I really liked the game.Top 3 pro-con list (random order)PROSInnovativeGood mix of genresVery nice music and overall feelCONSThe game is short (My playthrough was ~1½ hour)Sometimes I had some FPS dropsNo voice actingOverall I really like this game and I urge you to support the developers. My view of this game is that it's an interactive-movie where you control what's happening rather than a game per say.
,Recommended,475190,31416276,Posted: 28 April,all,Craig,"Great experience, unique visuals. A fun and sometimes creepy ""walking simulator"". Highly reccomended."
76561198062710245,Recommended,475190,31451337,Posted: 29 April,all,snapperfisch,short but sweet totaly atmospheric
76561198042790724,Recommended,475190,31450288,Posted: 29 April,all,Spalone Babagoosegooties,"if you like mystery games and exploring, this is ur game. also 3 or 4 spooks but nothing worth ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pants over. 9/10"
,Recommended,475190,31452889,Posted: 29 April,all,[ctrl]+[alt]+[/]+[wrists],Loved this game! The concept was original and it is absolutely beatiful. And had plenty of creepy elements throughout. The game was short and I would love to see the developers expand upon this idea. This turned into a series would be absolutely incredible.
,Recommended,475190,31453706,Posted: 29 April,all,Pugachev,Probably one of the coolest games I've played. Couldn't put it down.
76561197988759327,Recommended,475190,31453821,Posted: 29 April,all,WhiteChocolateB,"There is a lot to like about this game, but 10 bucks might have been a bit high for something that took about an hour to finish.  The TL;DR version is this: It's short and the ending leaves you felling empty."
,Recommended,475190,31464528,Posted: 30 April,all,Jobabob,"A really interesting concept, well fleshed out and well paced. Always a fan of environmental storytelling."
76561198061367612,Recommended,475190,31465392,Posted: 30 April,all,BasicJake,11/10Would be chased by subterranean velociraptors again.
,Recommended,475190,31478477,Posted: 30 April,all,Eddie Krueger,"Scanner Sombre is the type of game I wish more devs made. The visual the game produces with the LIDAR system are some of the most novel I have seen. They make for very cerebral and eerie ambience as you explore the cave system. The storytelling, while sparse, is present in such a way that drives the player forward through the winding level design. I was reminded of games like Myst while playing this and that is one of the best compliments I can think of. Scanner Sombre relies on creating a creepy atmosphere rather than jump scares, and kuds to the dev team for keeping me on the edge of my seat as I learned more and more about the history of the game. Finding out the secret of the explorer left me with my mouth open and a heavy heart. Some reviewers complain about the price of the game relative to the game play (I beat it in just under 3 hours), but I can safely say that I would pay $10 for the entertainment this game brought me time and time again. Cheaper and more engaging than a movie ticket.If you're a fan of exploration games like Firewatch and excellent storytelling, I highly recommend Scanner Sombre. This game is really a welcome addition in a world of ""survival multiplayer construction"" games."
76561198020710561,Recommended,475190,31491698,Posted: 1 May,all,snapshot,"So I just completed Scanner after a good 8 hours (Not a bad thing btw) and I am extremely impressed. Although it stands on a single primary mechanic and little narrative I have enjoyed this more than most AAA games I have played recently. I found that the fun comes from the experience of analysing every little bit of the environment and wondering what the next area was.I see some reviews saying that the reasons above basically result in it being a bad game but I wouls strongly disagree, although the story is minimal and mostly player interpreted I think that is the gem of this game. The gameplay is what you make of it.There are some interesting capacbilities for the scanner and a few jump scares along the way which did surprise me. The only thing I think Scanner lacks is VR support, its a crime it doesn't. Aside from that I would easily recommend this game to friends and other indie games. I tip my hat to you Introversion, for a side project this has turned out to be a fantastic product."
,Recommended,475190,31497919,Posted: 1 May,all,Voidwatcher,"You're dropped in a black, textureless void and tasked with exploring a spooky temple armed with nothing but the MSPaint spray tool and the mad courage of an explorer. A decent experience for the price if you're up for it."
,Recommended,475190,31498985,Posted: 1 May,all,[gbx]Infinite,Great bite sized story. Redefines what a walking game experience can be like. Absolutely gorgeous for such a simple concept. 10/10 a must play
,Recommended,475190,31467936,Posted: 30 April,all,Outlaw Gene,"Good, short experience. About the same price and length as going to watch a movie at the cinema. I liked it because it would have been so easy to have given the protagonist a torch and made another one of those games. You know the kind. I also found myself unsettled and tense for the most part, but thats not saying much because I'm a huge coward. 7/10 - short but worth a play at least once."
,Recommended,475190,31516373,Posted: 2 May,all,Psychomancer,"Really interesting, if very short. When the game ended, I was expecting another 3-4 hours of exploration and a few more light puzzles. A steal when it inevitably goes on sale."
76561198261802673,Recommended,475190,31573177,Posted: 5 May,all,GibNutz,"Super fun quick game.  Toke up, turn the lights out, and enjoy!"
,Recommended,475190,31576307,Posted: 6 May,all,Seal Team Ricks,"Excellent mix of horror, exploration and adventure! 9/10"
76561198209977860,Recommended,475190,31563582,Posted: 5 May,all,Dexter the Draggo,"Right, So this is an amazing game! Visuals are amazing! But, One problem: Controller support? It may just be my PS4 controller having a spaz attack, but i am confused to why i keep spinning around....Could i have some help?"
,Recommended,475190,31561227,Posted: 5 May,all,ratdog,"An absolutely amazing and beautiful game (surprisingly) about death. As someone who loved Proteus and any other exploration game, this one was a massive hit for me. I would hesitate to describe it as a walking simulator, but if you absolutely despise those types of games this probably isn't for you."
,Recommended,475190,31621318,Posted: 8 May,all,XDamienJadeX,"good gameplay, eerie ambiance, good detail, good mechanics. However, NOT worth the price. would pay like 5 bucks for this game, maybe. Story line could use more development."
76561198006265186,Not Recommended,475190,31415932,Posted: 28 April,all,romulous,"I really really wanted to like this game - walking simulators (and this is one of those) are my jam :) With walking sims, I find that there are two things that I enjoy in particulr about them. The first is walking around, exploring. The second is interacting with the objects in the world. Scanner Sombre falls short on both accounts for me. With regards to the first, due to the - granted, unique - way the visuals are generated, I found that I got lost a lot. What this meant was that I was walking around, but I was not really exploring the world as I would in other walking sims - instead I was simply trying to work out where in blazes I was and where I had to go (you do get a map later in the game, but it is a 3D map, and I have yet to play a game that has ever made a useful 3D map and Scanner SOmbre is no exception to this). With regards to the second, also due to the way the world is generated, I could not really enjoy interacting with objects either, as they were all just dotty messes and in a lot of cases, I could not work out whether the object in front of me was meant to be a wall of rock or an actual human made item, such as a door.Also, the game does not have one very important option that I cannot do without. That is, mouse inversion. Bizarrely, it has a joystick Y-axis inversion option, but no mouse Y-axis inversion option. As a person who grew up on games where mouse inversion was a thing - and the default - I find I cannot overcome the 20+ years of muscle memory of inversion being enabled in my games. Thankfully, a while after release, there is now a user provided solution, you can hex edit one of the game files to make the mouse inverted, so now I can actually play the game properly. It should have been included by default though, the inclusion of a joystick invert but no mouse invert is a real WTF.Lastly, the story - what there is of it - is presented chiefly by text on screen. The text is put in the top right, and I found that a lot of the time, I did not see the text, so I am sure I missed out on a bit of the story.Still, the other two issues I mention above make me not able to recommend this game. It's a pity - the graphics are quite unique, and in some ways, quite beautiful and as I say, I really wanted to like this game and in fact purchased it day one - but they just make things too confusing however.tl;dr: Very nice technical achievement (that particle system must have been a mongrel to program), can't recommend as game."
,Recommended,475190,31611673,Posted: 7 May,all,Grayghost,"Firstly, it's important to note that this is not a game in the traditional sense; It is instead a piece of interactive art and/or story telling and I'm reviewing it as such. It is not a game, because there are no real choices to be made, and no way to win or lose (at least that I can tell).As it says in the description, it has far more in common with Dear Esther or Gone Home then it does to many of the games on Steam, in that the primary ""goal"" seems to be to figure out what happened (though it does borrow more heavily from literary horror traditions than those games). Unfortunately, at least from my one play through, it seems fairly light on the back story or at least unfocused as it seemed to me there were three ""periods"" of history being discussed; and while I can see the symbolism and how it relates to the main plot it seemed a bit lightweight although this may be intentional.I say it may be intentional because the main mechanic (which is a gimmick, but a cool one) is that of the LIDAR scanner. There are only a few places where you see the world with ""normal"" sight, and the rest of the time you have to use the scanner which uses lasers to place points that represent your surroundings. What I quickly noticed was that while the points are pretty accurate, they're not 100% the ""real"" world. From a game play perspective this is usually not an issue though sometimes I found myself getting hung up on fine geometry. It does however lend itself to the ""story"" in that while you can get a good solid picture of the world, you know it's not all the details, and this is reflected in the plot.As a side note, as a software developer who knows a bit about game programming, this isreallyimpressive from a technical point of view and kudos to the devs for figuring out how to have that many particles active at the same time.All in all, I'd recommend Scanner Sombre for what it is, interactive art/story but not necessarily to those looking for something more game like."
76561198095371957,Recommended,475190,31630797,Posted: 8 May,all,TommyMontana816,"It's the the most fun in the park, when you're laughing the dark"
76561198006297440,Recommended,475190,31518909,Posted: 2 May,all,PhotoOp,"I really enjoyed this game for an hour until I got so frustrated at 77% through, in some place called Lift Room where it took me an hour to find my way to through the first obstacle.  I live a busy life and have better things to do than waste time on a simple game.  The obstacle was just out of character for the game and made the expeirence so furstrating that I almost deleted it.  But a friend sent an online video that helped.  Even then it was difficult because the path is so not obvious.  I would have been quite satisfied with the game by then if I could have just exited via the elevator.  Instead, it became maddening.  Thumbs up for the first half, Thumbs down for the second half (Lift Room).   And since the surprise ending caught me off guard, i'll give it an overall thumbs up.  (Wish Steam offered a neutral rating.)"
76561198028973724,Recommended,475190,31529967,Posted: 3 May,all,LadyofHats,"a beautiful mechanic. takes some geting used to, specially later when all the screen is cover in dots. is a very short story and i find that a bit regretable.Also the end is like obious like half way there. so if you like the team and want to experience some nice walking with dots go ahead.. if you are here for a deep gameplay and or story.. this is not the game for you"
,Recommended,475190,31532922,Posted: 3 May,all,MJD_Cr4zY,"So you can complete this game in a couple of hours with ease, but damn are those a good 2 hours and I could not stop playing!!! I dont usually play games like this (more into stratagy and builder games), but Introversion have never done me wrong and I must say this probably their best game yet. Highly recommend you buy"
,Recommended,475190,31532735,Posted: 3 May,all,Ix,"A solid Introversion title. Not too heavy, interesting concept."
76561198077163337,Recommended,475190,31534131,Posted: 3 May,all,Butters,"A great idea and story with an interesting ending, however this is really not a game, more of a prototype conidering you can finish it in under an hour and its basically the same thing with no actual challenge at all.If the devs could take this concept and expand it into a game then i can see it being great."
,Recommended,475190,31534889,Posted: 3 May,all,Yehnli,"A very pretty game.But for a game that claims to take after Dear Esther and its ilk, the narrative is very weak and mediocre. If it were only about story, I would not recommend this game at all.But for actual gameplay? It's an interesting concept. It has just the right amount of exploration. And... as mentioned, the world as seen through the scanner is very pretty. Even with a high end computer it does lag a bit sometimes, however."
,Recommended,475190,31534472,Posted: 3 May,all,BEAR | BEARRRRRRRR,spookiest ♥♥♥♥in game
,Recommended,475190,31550532,Posted: 4 May,all,=MAG= D1B2-7,"Cool game concept, Cool company. Fan since DEFCON released. Would be nice to see what comes of the idea."
,Recommended,475190,31551641,Posted: 4 May,all,Stevymcstevyman,"TL;DR I cried at the end, I liked it, and I recommend you buy this and read the whole review, please. Also do not read the black bar unless you don't mind spoilers.I gotta say Introversion, you never cease to amaze me. You have delivered a slew of great games across all genres, but this time with a new game that deserves a genre of its own. Scanner Sombre has been my favorite game you released so far, with a story that'll make you want to play and will keep you up for hours at night, wondering what happens next. Scanner Sombre explains the story of a cave diver who was searching for something deep in a cave. You come across so many upgrades for your LiDAR Scanner that eventually make the game easier on you. The cave has so many underground enviornments that are both breathtaking and mysterious. WARNING, SPOILER AHEAD.You eventually escape the cave, only to find your family spreading petals into the water near the entrance, plus you're the lighted up corpse following you throughout the second half of the game.11/10 would cry at the ending again."
,Recommended,475190,31661251,Posted: 10 May,all,silverthorn1981,"I absolutely loved this game! Beautiful with a simple premise. The use of light is also well done. This game does not hold your hand as you play, and introduces new mechanics flawlessly."
,Recommended,475190,31426030,Posted: 28 April,all,mrblah9990,"Scanner Sombre's name fits. You use a Scanner (LIDAR, to be specific) to ""light"" your way through a cave, and the atmosphere is very Sombre.The core mechanic - using LIDAR to generate point clouds instead of actually being able to see where you're going - is innovative and well executed, and the sound design complements it well.But unfortunately, that's all the game has going for it. A solid core is present, but nothing builds off it. There is technically a narrative, but it's all over the place, told entirely through text as the protagonist thinks to themself, and the twist at the end is horribly cliche. There are no additional gameplay mechanics besides the core, a few jump scares, and some occasional sort-of platforming-ish segments.It's very pretty and atmospheric, and I liked the core mechanic, but I don't believe there's enough substance in this 3 hour (if you really stretch it) game to be worth $12, or even the $10 I got it for on sale. This feels like a tech demo extended into a full game without adding anything besides more cave.Overall, if it goes on sale for 50% off or more, it's a brief, atmospheric walking sim (but without a good story). Otherwise, it's really just a bloated tech demo."
76561198085886632,Recommended,475190,31426445,Posted: 28 April,all,Commodore 64,"Sweet jesus Introversion! I've been playing for 5 min and WOW, this is beautiful. GET THIS NOW if you want something truly new, different and inovative. Amazing beautiful game."
76561198376214721,Recommended,475190,32329669,Posted: 10 June,all,SquidTeeth,"Eight Years ago , on a whim i got Darwinia.  Just recently, and also on a whim, i got Scanner Sombre..  It's a quirky change from shooters and a welcome addition also an addiction.  You get so drawn into the atmosphere, i was even making sure my mapping was complete, in case there were some need of this detailed work after the game finished.  The music was nicely creepy in all the right places, and really drove the point home in the finale..  If you like atmospheric exploration, and very few jump-out-of-the-grave scares this is excellent.  Highly recommended.On a side note, I wonder what the average dot count is per play thru.  How many pixels did i create?Not so sure about the HORROR tag though, maybe just spooky"
76561197960448732,Recommended,475190,32229800,Posted: 6 June,all,Shrike30,"A concise, beautiful game that tells an engaging story with a minimum of narrative."
,Recommended,475190,32686646,Posted: 23 June,all,killernat,This was a very nice game and an intresting take on the walking simulator and i did enjoy it quite a bit.
,Recommended,475190,32685219,Posted: 23 June,all,dm.bgp,"I love it. I haven't finished yet and my only complaint in my head was this would be so cool in VR. But also teleportation didn't seem like it could work so VR might not really work. And then today they add a VR mode! I'm very excited.Now to be fair this is a niche thing. It is more an experience than a game for sure so if that's not your thing then this probably isn't your thing. BUT if you do like that kind of thing, this is probably the best one I've played."
,Recommended,475190,32672206,Posted: 23 June,all,Buzzolini,"This is definitely an Introversion game, but this is not a game typical of Introversion. I suggest checking out the trailer and such before buying if you're unsure. I'd reccomend the game though for sure!"
76561198540139473,Recommended,475190,32734960,Posted: 24 June,all,B-C Tech,"This is an amazing game! The visuals are wonderfull, the sounds are very real. I would recomend this as a creepy/ cool game."
,Recommended,475190,32740092,Posted: 24 June,all,tearfromthered,I had a great experience for 1h. this is more than a lot of other game can provide. Be warn however you will need less than 2h to complete this game that offer close to zero challenge or puzzle. this is the typical walking simulator. At small price only.
,Recommended,475190,32741837,Posted: 24 June,all,Tinky.Pie,Very good exploration and simple story for less than two hours of game play. Different kind of game play.
,Recommended,475190,32749523,Posted: 24 June,all,mdwyer,"This is a less-than 2-hour indie VR experience without the VR. If it was priced like that, and presented like that, it would have been great.The game is a first-person walking simulator with a completely novel mechanic, where the world is completly black until it is illuminated with a ray from your hand-held scanner. Once a voxel is illuminated, it remains so from then on, and you can often see rooms you visited long ago through the fields of dots that make up the current room. It is confusing, some times, and there's at least once where the word 'pixel hunt' really comes into play, as you try to find a walkable surface. Still, this is really enjoyable! It's an awesome mechanic!There's a story in this game, but it is so much navel-gazing angst and non-sequiter mentions of mines and witches. It's an obtuse story and doesn't draw you in at all. It just feels like a story was tacked on to try to give this game some meaning, but it didn't really make it. It certainly doesn't make it all the way to being the 'horror' game it is billed as. The best you're going to get are some M. Knight -style stuff.  I was never scared, but I rolled my eyes a bit.This is all surrounded by an epic orchestral soundtrack, and the cinematics, for what they're worth, are slow pans across sweeping vistas.  This game really thinks it is big.But it's not.It is two hours of fun in a game that feels like it was never completed -- keyboard/mouse support is broken, for instance.  I strongly suggest it, when it is in the $5 bin. Otherwise, it is a little too much dosh for a bit too little of game."
,Recommended,475190,32748974,Posted: 24 June,all,MsA,"This might be the most satisfying game ever, just sweeping things in a large cave, and narrowing the focus on the scanner to slowly watch the far wall of the cavern fade in and into detail.I really like experimental games like this regardless, so if you're looking for something you've never seen before this is it"
76561197970883623,Recommended,475190,32736098,Posted: 24 June,all,DataFlo,awsome game if u play it whit the vive   (get a rubber band for the scanner button)
,Recommended,475190,32755840,Posted: 24 June,all,Hack'n'Splat,"Different idea, slightly spooky, but not really scary. Length was about right for me - the novelty of the scanner mechanic only just started to wane towards the final few moments. Story is minimal, implied, melancholic. Played Linux beta, minor performance issues towards the end, and a scanner upgrade message got stuck on the screen, which was annoying. Overall, money well spent."
76561198025007424,Recommended,475190,32764784,Posted: 25 June,all,henru,"Great in VR, incredibly immersive even with a light story line. I felt the game is genuinely interesting causing me to explore further and further."
,Recommended,475190,32869240,Posted: 27 June,all,Jiblet,"As walking simulators go, this was excellent. The LIDAR aesthetic was genius. The story and the ending.... not so much. But I'll forgive that."
76561198083206296,Recommended,475190,32651825,Posted: 22 June,all,Jacek (banasie2),"This game was simply amazing in all its aspects, definately worth the money."
,Recommended,475190,32785703,Posted: 25 June,all,Cerberos,An excellent adventure with an awesome game-mechanic. This game sucked me right in with it's mood. Great sounddesign and in it's own way a beautiful game! I very much reccomend to take it for a spin!
,Recommended,475190,32790768,Posted: 25 June,all,snake,Introversion has always come up with fresh concepts and visuals. Yes it's short but for $6 on sale it's worth it. It reminds me of the part in Indiana Jones where he scatters the dust on the invisible bridge.
76561197970586197,Recommended,475190,32930557,Posted: 28 June,all,fabs();,"Before saying anything else, this was, for me, a one time play through story game. I'm happy about what I got in return for my time, which is why I recommend it, but it's not astounding.You will like Scanner Sombre if you go into it expecting a story to unfold, but it's not as good as some other walking simulator games I have played. The story is not as strong as the technology, and I think that this might be the reason the game hasn't been received as well as it could have been. The technology is good though, and I thoroughly recommend giving it a few minutes of your time just for that. The game isn't very long either. There are no real jump scares. One of the reasons I put off playing the game was that I was unsure of it, and don't like scary games, but if I had known it was just a little bit spooky, then I would have picked it up earlier."
76561197972025376,Recommended,475190,32899482,Posted: 27 June,all,justintd,"HTC Vive review: This is really cool. It has motion control support, and you teleport with your left hand and hold the scanner in your right hand. As you progress, it gives your scanner more abilities. I got it on sale for 5.99 and am very happy with it. If you liked The Unfinished Swan, you'll like this. It's pretty creepy too, and you're always wondering what you're going to run into at any moment. Due to the way the game is laid out, teleport is necessary in certain places, but I'd like them to also add trackpad locomotion so that you can do both at the same time, trackpad when walking and teleport when jumping."
,Recommended,475190,32915282,Posted: 27 June,all,Thoreaufare,The gimmick of this game is infinitely better in VR.
76561197993205533,Recommended,475190,31456238,Posted: 29 April,all,Crucifixation to all Profligates,"I do enjoy the concept, a very unique and beautiful way to explore through this dark abyss. I feel the story telling was a bit of a let down, and felt more like a second thought in this game's development. But whenever I encounter these kind of walking simulators I can't help but aggresively compare them to Dear Esther, which may not be fair here."
,Recommended,475190,32805858,Posted: 26 June,all,AUScythe,Visually spectacular. Slightly spooky in parts. Loved it.
,Recommended,475190,33528965,Posted: 13 July,all,mvincent17781,"I remember seeing this released and wondering why more people weren't pumped for it. I went to buy it, only to realize it didn't have VR support? Clearly this didn't make any sense as this game is obviously made for VR... right? Apparently not. I have no idea what Introversion was thinking releasing this as a 2D (3D?) game. Seems like a snoozefest. VR on the other hand...It's amazing! This is one of the best VR experiences I've had yet. I would put this up there with Onward, Smashbox Arena, GORN, and Compound as far as total enjoyment goes. If you have a Vive or Oculus Touch, this is a must."
76561198024983351,Recommended,475190,33489118,Posted: 12 July,all,Heavenly,Very athmospheric!
76561198031903307,Recommended,475190,33577314,Posted: 15 July,all,Pha cops,"Recommended, assuming you get it at a discount.Otherwise, the concept is brilliant and interesting, but the execution is silly, at best.Particularly the storyline and horror-element that arrives with it. If this had been developed as something more comparable to Dear Esther or similar games then it could truly have shined. It does, however, give mea hint of the same sentiment that 'No Man's Sky' did, wherein there's a concept but a hollow one that leaves one feeling their time was mostly wasted.If it's cheap and you'd like to enjoy the visuals then it certainly worth that much. :)"
,Recommended,475190,33592721,Posted: 16 July,all,Borgnine,Neat.
,Recommended,475190,33558596,Posted: 15 July,all,avatario,"I bought this after watching the developer interview, and I thought the game looked super cool, but i had never heard of it before, there is a serious issue with the sound in beta, it crackles and reverbs over its self many times, but the gameplay in VR is amazing!"
,Recommended,475190,33546727,Posted: 14 July,all,Denver,"Atmospheric, visually interesting and has great sound design. Wander around a dark, long-winding cave system with your scanner. Is somewhat spooky mostly due to location - can be unnerving, but there are no enemies or jumpscares, so it is not a horror game in that sense.This is a fairly short game, although your mileage will wary depending on how often you stop to marvel at the world. My own play time represents one full run through. The exploration aspect comes more from the fact that everything is dark until you paint it (so you discover everything in that sense), not from branching paths. There are no secrets or additional nooks and crannies that I found - other than being turned around in the dark, the game should be a fairly straight tunnel run from one end to the other.Story is kinda cliche, and not a selling point. There is no voice acting, just text. You'll either buy the game for the audiovisual experience, or not at all.Recommended for the visuals and sound, but only if you like walking simulators."
76561198350254288,Not Recommended,475190,33529458,Posted: 13 July,all,andychn,"Kinda slow and pointless. The scanner aspect is novel but it gets old fast. They should also have made it an explicitly VR game instead of making us go find the way to download the beta. Maybe as they develop it more it may get more interesting, but I can't recommend it as it is right now...VR or Desktop."
76561198191401023,Recommended,475190,33640998,Posted: 18 July,all,DrWhoFan,"I saw Scanner Sombre in the store and thought it had a cool look, so I put it on my wishlist. Then I saw that it added VR and bought it and WOW! So cool, So beautiful, so much fun to reveal the evniroment and explore. The way the scanner uses colorfull pixels to reveal the environment just feels and looks so cool. I just kept saying wow, I love this. Awesome. Buy it."
,Recommended,475190,33471691,Posted: 11 July,all,Reasonableman,"I played one hour of this game in VR without watching more than a few seconds of the trailer and thinking, ""Hey, that scanning mechanic probably looks really cool when you have the visceral sense of depth offered by Virtual Reality."" Boy, was I right! It's lovely.Unfortunately, that visceral sense of depth is combined with a powerful sense of directional audio, and one highly effective screaming nightmare vision. Please never do more of this, thanks. I will recommend this game on the condition that the developers never do this ever again, much like I will never sleep again."
,Recommended,475190,33019812,Posted: 29 June,all,CorreAktor,"Must have for VR. This is one of the best games that shows that wave shooters aren't the only game in VR. With so many bad games for VR on steam, I have cut back on buying and almost didn't buy this because of that. I am so glad I bought it. As some people have said, it might  be short, but with the price compared to other VR games, this is money well spent.I plan on playing it again and exploring every nook and cranny. I feel there are things hidden that I missed, since one of the pictures on the store page is something I did not run across. It was a fun game the first time and now I find I want to try to uncover every corner I missed. Visually, I can see exploring many more times."
,Recommended,475190,32705112,Posted: 23 June,all,💠SirDust,"One of the most visually beautiful games I have ever played. If only the writing had been better this would have been one of my favorite games.It's a little expensive for the content it offers, but I definitely recommend picking the game up when it is on sale.Be aware that there is very little in the way of interactivity in this game; not a bad thing, but some might be inclined to call it a ""walking simulator""."
,Recommended,475190,33071165,Posted: 30 June,all,Astro,"VR is by far the best way to experience this game. The game itself is a mixed bag. You have this sense of wonder and a desire to experience and explore, but this tone deaf horror narrative really gets in the way of that. If you have a Vive I'd def get this one when it's on sale.I did experience nausea when playing in distance (RGB) picture mode, but it would clear instantly when switching to terrain color mode. Weird."
,Recommended,475190,33709160,Posted: 21 July,all,Jamsque,"Wonderful single-session experience, astonishing visual design. The writing and music are good but not as impressive as the game's look."
,Recommended,475190,33716602,Posted: 22 July,all,Elohim,"Scanner up and prepare yourself for a visual overhaul, as you connect the dots from your surroundings. Scanner Sombre might be a small indie game and its got heart but it shouldnt be getting the amount of hate coming towards it. This game sets a quality standard and defines a new genre (Sub genre if you will) for physiological horror exploration video games. Definitely worth the price of 10USD. Plus support for VR is also a great addition and from what I've seen; somehow the VR experience is better than playing with a keyboard and mouse."
76561197993351243,Recommended,475190,33730282,Posted: 22 July,all,evildrganymede,"I loved Scanner Sombre! It's a great story game with a very neat way to view the world, and some very creepy and atmospheric moments in it. Definitely would recommend it!"
,Recommended,475190,33737510,Posted: 22 July,all,JZig,"Pretty short but interesting walking simulator. I really like the abstract visuals and it's fun to explore, $10 feels a bit expensive though, if it's on sale pick it up and enjoy the hour"
76561198308383597,Recommended,475190,33760309,Posted: 24 July,all,kristian.langosch,VR mode is so beauteous
76561197996147282,Recommended,475190,33732227,Posted: 22 July,all,LX925,"If you have VR and don't own this game, you're not doing it right.A short, but sweet exploration game with light horror elements."
,Recommended,475190,34538408,Posted: 27 August,all,walrus,this is one of my favourite experiences in VR. unbelievably immersive and the ending has an impact I don't think it would in flat mode. play through in one sitting for max impact.
76561198035792361,Recommended,475190,34464790,Posted: 24 August,all,thetogorian,Beautiful and deeply moving. The most accessible Introversion game. It is short but an unforgettable experience.
76561198264883936,Recommended,475190,34469799,Posted: 24 August,all,jamestglh,"great, short walking simulator with a really unique and cool aesthetic. the story is interesting, but the real star of the show is the environment and how you perceive it, though very unconventional means."
,Recommended,475190,34113377,Posted: 8 August,all,pygmy.shrew,"This is a great little game... or rather experience. It's part of that pantheon of games like Firewatch where your actions are somewhat in the background compared to walking through and experiencing the environment and the story being given to you.The game itself does have a few issues, not being able to map your keyboard, having to use the beta branch to get inversed axis on the mouse (which you'll possibly need to re-set every time you restart the game). These aren't big enough issues to give the game a negative review, but they are things that if they are going to ruin YOUR experience, give this a pass for now until they get fixed (if they get fixed).This game is beautiful in its own extremely unique way, bringing in the kind of craft that Introversion showed so well in Darwinia, drawing together style, melancholic narrative, and beautiful soundtracks to make an immersive experience. It is also short. The first playthrough took me about 3 hours and I was being fairly completionist in just how much scanning I did. I'm looking forward to running through again and seeing what I missed the first time, but even so it's still short.But it's a neat little package, absolutely worth your time as long as you can get it at a price that the above sounds like a fair value to you ;)"
76561197997283645,Recommended,475190,34379002,Posted: 20 August,all,Zeropoint,"The bad thing about this game - it's extremely short. The good thing about it though, you'll really want this game to end after the first hour of playthrough."
,Recommended,475190,34393230,Posted: 21 August,all,Doctor Futurity,"Interesting concept, and visually compelling...I bet it looks good in VR. It grew thin fast for me, but I'll try it more later when I feel more of an ""exploratory"" mood.Pros: graphically fascinating, ambient cave noiseCons: If I don't read the steam page I don't know why my guy's styck in a cave navigating by Lidar. It also feels more like a paintgun experience than Lidar.....there's no reason not to hold the trigger down constantly in the first half hour."
76561197964245866,Recommended,475190,34222424,Posted: 13 August,all,gerundative,"Played through this game entirely in VR with the Vive headset, It was pretty short, so I am glad I got it in a bundle. Overall, I enjoyed it a lot. I'd recommend it to someone looking for something a little spooky without a lot of jump scares."
76561197995293832,Recommended,475190,34159276,Posted: 10 August,all,camaro_rs89,Reviewed in VR I thoroughly enjoyed this. Definitely worth price at 9.99 so help out a developer taking risks and helping VR. BTW to run it in VR make sure you go into properties and opt in to the beta.
,Recommended,475190,34201688,Posted: 12 August,all,Criwall,"Scanner Sombre have a very strong mechanic that feels somewhat wasted on a fairly run of the mill walking simulator. And even if it's beautiful and have fantastic sound design I can't help to wish there where more to it. It's feels more of like a tech demo of something that could be fantastic. There are a few technical oversights that really shouldn't be in a PC game, like rebindable keys. It's not that much of an problem, there are only 3 or so keys you will use besides the basic movement, but rebinding them should still be an option.The main mechanic and setup is that you are in a pitch black cave with a scanner and a headset that will help you map out and traverse the cave. For the most part it's on rails, there where only one or two times where I had to look around for where I was supposed to go. But in contrast to other walking simulators, this game is very light on plot. There are a couple of short text prompts giving some backstory, but for the most part it's just walking towards the end of the cave with only a vague premise to why you are there. There are some horror elements, especially in one area where it gets quite tense but for the most part nothing really happens and with next to no gameplay and no story, the game have to relay on the aesthetics and audio. 10€ is a hard sell for less than 2 hour experience for some people, even if the short time with the game is fairly unique. Luckily for the game, its presentation is strong enough for me at least. But now I want a pure horror game with this mechanic."
,Recommended,475190,34191781,Posted: 12 August,all,Extraordinary Greed,"Nice >expirience<, wouldnt call it a game. Short and for most of the gameplay its only you and the cave, yea there is a spook level but thats it, nice plot twist at the end (but predictable)*note that I didnt play it on VR"
76561197997374644,Recommended,475190,34652796,Posted: 31 August,all,harlequin,"A walking simulator with a twist - you have to paint the world to see where you can walk.  Takes about 2 hours to play through, some light story and puzzle elements, but there is a very cool boat ride.  Played on HTC vive, motion uses teleport -  but you can hold down the trackpad to have something akin to trackpad based movement"
,Recommended,475190,34744407,Posted: 4 September,all,Guildenstern,Unique and visually stunning. Highly recommended for those that love thier games short and atmospheric.
,Recommended,475190,34730425,Posted: 4 September,all,delinski111,"VR Review:I played this on the HTC Vive. I had it sitting in my library for some time, and kept putting it off. I knew i wanted to play it, but nothing was pushing me to do so, however, as soon as I did, I could not stop.Scanner Sombre's gimic is that instead of being able to 'see' you 'paint' the world around you with voxel gun. This may sound odd, but combined with the incredible sound design and the interestingly paced plot, it really draws you into its world. You are essentially blind, but the world is very intricately detailed, and when the paint begins to show the world a little at a time, you begin to live there in such a way that you could not have done without the unique gameplay mechanic of texture painting as you explore.There is just enough plot for me to want introversion to make this into a full experience. It is a simple story which mostly if not entirely unfolds via text and atmosphere, but it draws you in due to the nature in which the events / progression plays out.I let myself take the time to enjoy it and soak in all the detail of the world. This method of play will result in about 2 - 3 hours of gameplay. If you tried to speedrun (which i did in new game plus) it can take as little as 25 minutes or less. It was incredible for me to speed run after the first play due to how long i stayed in the world contrasted to how small it really was. It felt massive on the first run, i didnt want it to end and i spent extra time in the last minutes of the story just to draw it out.As long as this review is, i feel that i have left plenty out. I would contest that this should only be played in VR, due to the extra immerstion that works so well with what this game is.TLDR: Get it, it is amazing in VR and i would love for a sequal from this company who continues to make unique and fun gaming experiences.World:You can only see what you paint, but the more you paint the more detail you see is in the world. It got to the point where  I was trying to paint all the surfaces atleast 90%, just so that i could look at the mini map and see each area in its detail.Sound:Perfect. Moving your controllers or head would sound like cloth rusteling on the character, but not in an annoying way. It seemed natural. The cave ambiance was spot on aswell, your movement replicated a result on the world around you. If you stepped in a small puddle of water it sounded like it. This is really important due to the limited viewing you can actually do in the game. Even though you can only see the little you paint, the sound design filled in all the rest in a way that makes you feel very connected to the world around you.Plot:The plot was realistically shallow, but due to the way it was revealed as you progressed, and the key detailes that are unspoken, i was left with wanting much more. I want answeres to questions that may not have really been asked. The world was convincing and as a result the story felt more tangible or at least more enjoyable.Mechanics:The gun / painting mechanic just works. They did a very smart thing when developing what the player can see based on what is being shot. Things that are closer are red, farthers is blue, with an array between. If you already scanned a large section, as you move away it will fade to solid blue, but if you look back at the area, you can just point generally in that area and the entire space will brighten back up. This is great because you do not have to waste time rescanning locations, but it also makes the previous areas fade into the background as they will not longer be needed.Dying / reviving:When you die, the game will place you back on a safe surface only about a minute back in time. You can see all of the things you scanned during that time, however, within a few seconds, it all will fade away. This is intersting visually, and also it vaguely ties back into the plot if you pay close enough attention.Saving / progress:The game had a pretty good save system. You click save, and all your paint is where it was. There is also a 'level select' which will unlock as you move through for quick access to the most interesting parts of the campaign. Dying only set you back about a minutes worth of gameplay, so it was not tedious to catch back up or repeat sections.Techinical issue:I had a recurring issue with my sound in the game. After sometime the sound would become a garbled mess of all the audio files happening at one without end. This was easily resolved by just relaunching. It would happen once every 15 - 20 minutes.In many places, you simply cannot paint. There should absoultely paintable suface in many instances, and it just does not work. These spots are usually small connecting parts of rocks, where it seems the geometry of the wall or floor would intersect, and the game did not know how to resolve that area. These areas are small, and do not really impact the experence too much, but it was immersion breaking none the less.The game also does not remember which hand you set as dominant for VR.  I am left handed but on restart it would default back to right. This was not a real problem since you can change it at any moment while in game."
,Recommended,475190,31474750,Posted: 30 April,all,Wabefuhon,"{Before getting Oculus]I enjoyed this game, [but for what you can do and how long it took to get through, I can't recommend it for it's price.]You are an explorer who went down into a cave to find out if an old legend was true, using a scanning device and a headset that shows you the environment by light points. The game makes a plot twist later on.Edit:After I bought a Oculus Rift, I gave this game a second chance. VR is 100% supported. This made the game much more immersive and I strongly suggest that people try both desktop and VR. There's more areas you can get to with VR and I almost got stuck outside the map in the beginning. Do give this game a chance in VR if you've already played it on desktop.My only reason for the negative before was because of the ending. But with VR, I think it's worth trying one more time."
