user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,475150,32139858,Posted: 2 June,all,LEGACY,"It's only missing a cheat proof online ladder, but the rest is there.It's a great RPG to play coop with a friend.Not so great in online games with random people because of tools like TQVault and TQDefiler.But if you're ok with people duping items and editing their stats and levels without effort then you're good to go.The game has a huge world to explore which you'll run through 3 times. (Somehow chapter 2 in games is always a desert)Of course you can call it quits after completing normal difficulty, but you would miss out on some legendary bosses that only appear in the higher difficulties. And all the legendary loot as well, that only drops in the highest difficulty.I love the art style, I love the landscape, I love the history behind it all. The loot is awesome, you'll fill up your stashes with all sorts of set items in no time. The game has a dual class system which means great replayability. Even the music is good in this game, especially in the final act.I really like this game and it's probably in my all time top 10 of games I've played.And I've played over a thousand for sure.If only it had a secure online ladder. I think that's the main reason why this game never really blew up.This original game had a few kinks and hick ups, but now that we have the Anniversary Edition most (if not all) of those are now history.100% recommend this game.I btw own the discs as well of the original TQ and IT.I've played this game well over a 1000 hours."
76561198000739958,Recommended,475150,25298220,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Mantaria,"What a fantastic game this is.I remember it fondly as it helped me get through one of the most distressing times in my life.I was never blessed with good eyesight and one day about 7 years ago my retina in my left eye tore.Not a small tear ... the whole of the top tore away leaving me losing vision rapidly.After an emergency operation I spent the next 3 months having to keep my face in a downward position looking at the floor for 45 minutes out of every hour as they place a gas bubble in your eye to put pressure on the retina,this holds it against the back of the eye to help it to reattach..So I took the base off my gaming monitor and laid it flat of the floor and played Titan Quest with my head on the desk looking at it on the floor and my hands up on the desk for the mouse and keyboard.It really helped take my mind off my situation.I instantly purchased the anniversary edition and look forward now to playing it, sitting upright.Unfortunately I lost most of my vision from the left eye even after the 5 operations that followed but my right eye, though a bit dodgy is still holding up and I still enjoy gaming.Happy gaming to all.Update .. I just nominated this game in the The “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” Award."
,Recommended,475150,25272983,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,⎛Zii⎞,"A classic ARPG with an amazing adventure to tell that's heavily rooted in Greek Mythology WHICH rivals in the leagues of games like Diablo, Torchlight, and Sacred. The graphics and textures are fantastic for something it's age, as well as it's addicting hack-and-slash gameplay. The devs worked hard to make this Anniversary Edition, to breathe life into multiplayer and to fix/correct all the complaints/bugs which fans voiced over the years.If you previously owned  Titan Quest, Immortal Throne, or Titan Quest Gold , you should have received this for free, AND your old save file from the original should work as well. :)Fan service 101. The gaming business could learn a thing or two from these guys."
,Recommended,475150,25284816,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Androklos,"Usually i'm not making a review, or if i do it's ain't serious. However this time i'll try to do so.Alrighty folks, those who played Titan Quest and Titan Quest: Immortal Throne before were quite upset from two things: first since THQ was gone, multiplayer died as well. Second: if you wanted to play TQ:IT you must've installed original TQ as well (logical, yet unpractical).When Nordic games purchased franchise i thought it was just marketing move, nothing would change. I was wrong, so wrong, lucky for us. Nordic games revived this masterpiece from deathzone and brought multiplayer back to fans. It was dawn of new and long forgotten moment-adventures with friends comes true.Do you think nothing could be better than reviving old game and bring jolly cooperation to the sunlight? Well THQ Nordic surprised again- they made Anniversary Edition. Combined both TQ and TQIT to just one game, and not only that. They improved and added few things: soundtrack-masterpiece at it was is even better, better HUD, achievements!- now you can proudly show others what did you accomplished, old characters are back!- did you fear you must start the game again even you've level 40 paladin in your old game saves? Fear not, my friend, you can continue your adventure like nothing's changed.Time to analyze the game.Graphics: For game made in 2006 graphics are amazing. Beautiful forests of Laconia, dry deserts of Egypt or rocky mountains of Bactria. The enviroment looks fantastic in every corner. Monsters are different to locations- in Greece you can see sathyrs, gorgons (like Medusa), minotaurs and in Egypt you can find some weird mix of men and scorpions,etc.Soundtrack: It's excelent-changing with situations and i catch myself standing on the ground and just listening this masterpiece.Gameplay: If you love Diablo styled hack'n'slash with rich story, full of mythology, look no further. This game is definitelly for you. Enjoyable combat and making artifacts can keep you enterntained for hundred of hours.Another amazing thing is-you can create your own story. You hear right-thanks to map editor you can upload your new quests,location and enemies.Pros: Amazing story ,beatiful graphics, fascinating soundtrack, enjoyable gameplay, multiplayer, achievements, map editor.Cons: If there's something bad it's stereotypical missions after time (save guy from monsters, take specifical item from tomb with full of skeletons, or so).Final verdict-9.5/10 it's Legendary game!Thank you so much for reading review.And big thanks to THQ Nordic for resurrecting this game and giving free copy to all players whom had original games and -75% discount to others who considering to buy it. Only wish other companies would take a note from you guys."
,Recommended,475150,25273277,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,me,"Thousands of hours in both games say this is probably tied with Diablo 2 for 'best Action RPG of all time'Titan Quest is the lovechild of conventions set by Diablo 2, and the burning passion of talented developers, and the courage to experiment with the formula of an Action RPG. Things like the enemies dropping only what they actually use, which means that you will have to fight for a strong weapon by killing the enemy who's using it, or the fact that the maps are not procedurally generated which means that the developers were able to thouroughly plan and design 'the heroes epic journey' and ESPECIALLY the class system, which allows you to ""build your own class"" by combining 2 skilltrees (for example, ""Hunting"" and ""Nature"" form the ""Druid"" Class) are the fresh  breeze that I longed for after spending god knows how much time of my life playing nothing but Diablo 2.From someone who grew up playing both games and therefore put them into direct comparison, I can recommend this game from the bottom of my heart.Hats off to Iron Lore, and hats off to Nordic Games aka THQ Nordic for the effort that went into the creation of the gigantic patch that is now sold as 'Anniversary Edition', and bringing the game to its former glory."
76561198016271278,Recommended,475150,25281299,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Immortal,"This is how u bring back new life to an old game, and give it free to the people that have the original.GG THQ Nordic	thank u very much others should learn from this."
,Recommended,475150,25359145,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,krayzkrok,"This game is 10 years old, and it seriously still holds up. You could release this today and it would still be better than most other ARPGs, which probably explains my unscheduled dropping of the other games I was playing to put 18 hours (so far) into this! In fact, as much as I love Grim Dawn (and acknowledge that it's a ""better game""), I still prefer Titan Quest. Its ancient mythology setting immediate differentiates it from the demons, doom and gloom of most other ARPGs, and it's so refreshing to play through the bright sunlit Greek hills once more. It makes the contrast with the darkness and the musty caves that much more striking.And has anyone ever done ragdolling better than this game? Smashing creatures in the face and watching them sail over buildings and disappear into canyons is still enormous fun, and later on it's like being Sauron in the prologue to Fellowship of the Ring. Lighting up the screen with spell pyrotechnics also looks fabulous with this edition. I love the combat in Titan Quest (once it gets going), which is probably a good job because it's a long game.It's not perfect. Titan Quest always had a slow start, NPCs love to blather on about stuff in faux-Greek accents if you keep clicking on them (completionists be warned!), and it's a few hours in before you really start to feel like a warrior. Good job then that they've introduced a speed setting to whisk you past the opening and onto the good stuff. Once you upgrade your movement and attack speed, you'll probably want to turn it back to normal to keep up. There are other little touches, like a new ""pick up all collectibles"" button which saves a lot of clicking. Multiplayer also finally works again, and coop in Titan Quest is a hoot.The biggest improvement for me, though, is that the playfield now scrolls smoothly and without any of the annoying blurry judder of the original. I installed TQ on half a dozen PCs and I could never get rid of it, so having it scroll around silkily at last is a massive difference and improves the feel of the whole game. Whatever they did (triple buffering?), it makes a beautiful game look modern again.So yeah, thanks THQNORDIC for bringing us these improvements, and giving it to existing owners for free. Hopefully it will allow more people to discover this classic."
,Recommended,475150,25275556,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Landismackdown,"If you are looking for a ""Diablo clone"" that's better than Diablo 3, you've come to the right place.  It's made by many of the same people that made Grim Dawn, so most of the mechanics of Grim Dawn were actually ""borrowed"" from Titan Quest (like deciding your class by combining two other classes, as well as the near identical skill tree system).  This is just a straight-up Greek mythology theme instead of Grim Dawn's steampunk post-apocalyptic fantasy theme.The ""Anniversary Edition"" includes a lot of community fixes from over the past 10 years to make the game more streamlined, polished, and enjoyable.  Hack, slash, loot, repeat.  It's surprisingly good-looking for a 10-year-old game, and it now natively supports 1080p and revamped multiplayer servers for up to 6-player co-op.  There's also Steam Workshop integration for custom games.Best of all, if you already have Titan Quest on your Steam account, you get this remake/upgrade for free.  Take note, game companies:  that's how you win yourself some fans."
76561197993741574,Recommended,475150,33699078,Posted: 21 July,all,[PewPewPew] Sakeburst,"Take Diablo,remove the world,put it all on Greek mythology,add more character builds,remove the mimic chests- BAM -you have this game.This is same as diablo, but different, but still the same.Kill, loot, sell, buy, upgrade, repeat forever."
,Recommended,475150,25279447,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Crave,"Do you want me to feel appreciated as a long term customer? Because this is how you make me feel appreciated as a long term customer.I noticed the ""Anniversary Edition"" for sale and gritted my teeth, refusing to buy this game a fourth time, no matter how great it was in the day. Imagine my unbelieveable joy to discover this was a free update to my already purchased game, and not a cheap cash grab by another greedy company.The fact they were willing to lovingly update this game, despite its age, really speaks volumes to the way they value their customers. I wish some other classic games would get similar treatment (Dungeon Siege, I'm looking at you) so I could revisit them.All that aside, I fired up this new update and it plays amazingly well, the graphics are as impressive as ever, doubly so considering the age, ad overall, the game is a blast. If you loved Diablo 2 and disliked Diablo 3, get this game right now. Go ahead. I'll stop the review here so you don't need to waste any more time reading it."
,Recommended,475150,25301830,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Marcelloz071,"Best Diablo Clone (?)Rating: 8/10Back in those days, when Diablo II had ruled the world and everybody was waiting for the sequel, the term Diablo Clone was given to games that were in the similar vein. All were compared to that game and so was this one.It turned out to be one of the better ones and had a pretty charm of its own. Really liked it back then and completed it with much joy.Now, 10 years later, this Anniversary Edition pops up with a lot of enhancements like more resolutions, bugfixes, gameplay balances and multiplayer options. While it is certainly not the perfect game (also had problems to have it run) and it has aged it stil is a fun game to play, and I loved diving in again. Don't know how much I will play eventually, but right now love beating up Satyrs again.Love the death animations, haven't been really any better."
,Recommended,475150,31520992,Posted: 3 May,all,echoness,"When I received a free copy of this game, I thought I would just play it for nostalgia and move on for other games. But it turned out to be super addictive again. Good thing is AE has fixed A LOT of bugs and glitches in the original game, added limitations to ability cooldown rate, dogging close and ranged attack at 80%. Now every mastery combination can be distinctive because of it.The game has an interesting backstory setup if you are familiar with Greek mythology and ancient civilizations. Every building in the game captures the essence of each civilization, and so does the soundtrack. I think the soundtrack is even better than its spirital successor Grim Dawn. The Story however is just typical a-hero-saves-the-world genre. All NPCs are voiced, although I can hear many of them are voiced by Robin Atkin Downes (lol).The games most addictive part is trying out different builds and equipment farming. Just like most diablo-like games. Now multyplayer is back, it's better to grab a friend or two, play it togather, doubles the fun.With more active players coming back to TQAE, modders in Atlantis team seem to be back on track again, which is great! Looking forward to the mod. I'm sure it will be awesome."
,Recommended,475150,33234888,Posted: 4 July,all,Anythralus,"I played ALOT of Diablo II viaBattle.net, Tunngle and Hamachi over 2500 hours of Diablo II ""Online"" in more than 10 years (made some good friends worldwide), i may know everything there is to know about every class, i was SO over it and Titan Quest came as a perfect substitute (better than PoE in my humble opinion).TQ/TQ:IT/TQ:AE is arguably the best Diablolike game out there, it even has more spooky/scary/dark touch than Diablo III (biggest con on Diablo III, that fear of playing Diablo is almost gone, generic Hack/Slash ARPG with a legit Diablo storyline), it amazes me that the time TQ was being release, there were zero hypes about this game, a Diablo copy coming out with a dev company never heard before (Iron Lore Entertainment, who?), well...Pros:Graphics aged amazingly well, specially with the Anniversary Edition.Class/Spell system is even better than Diablo, it takes forever to master every class (i played it alot and i didn't even play with all combinations possible, yeah you can combine classes in TQ, check it out all combinations here:http://titanquest.wikia.com/wiki/Character_Classes).Great soundtrack.Long gameplay, hundreds of hours probably.Great multiplayer, similar to Diablo II, playing with friends is epic, fun PvP aswell.The game comes with an editor that lets you create your own maps and quests. (hello game devs wannabes)Huge world with outstanding greek/egyptian/mesopotamian/chinese atmosphere (?), kinda unique in a RPG game.One of the best artifacts systems out there (socketable kind of itens that you put in your gear to enchance it, almost every modern RPG game has this feature), similar to the class system, there's a world of combinations possible between artifacts, this led to optimal builds for PvP/PvE or focused in some class build synergies.Cons:After you've beaten the game it becomes too grindful, repetitive and boring if you don't trace a main goal. (Diablo 1-on-1)TQ:IT (DLC) came with an unbalanced class mastery called Dream and any class combination towards Dream are extremely overpowered. (after experienced Dream you tend to make all combinations possible with it cuz every single combination without it feels ""weak"")Farming itens can be annoying since you can drop level 5 ""rare"" gear in a level 20+ area, which are useless despite their rarity.Storyline has alot of up and downs, same goes to voice acting.No character customization at all, indispensable in modern RPG games.With all this i would certainly recommend this game, it's at least a 8/10 for sure, and every time a sale comes up, you can buy it for U$2, almost free."
76561197985832984,Recommended,475150,28581390,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Sholan,"TQ AE stands tall when compared to other releases of that era. It's not Diablo 2, but probably the only game since that really understands what it takes to keep you engaged or even excited to be smashing the same content over and over again. The Anniversary Edition adds some welcome quality of life upgrades in better resolutions, a setting to adjust game speed (crucial!) as well as bug fixes and overall balancing of items and classes. With an at-the-time original multi-class system that allows you to create the exact character you want and a loot system bursting at the seams with things to collect, you wont find it hard to spend a couple...hundred hours romping with the old gods. If you missed it the first time around, Titan Quest is a bonafide classic and with the recent cleanup to multiplayer, makes for a good co-op game to play with your normal pals even if only between modern releases."
76561198011122308,Recommended,475150,25367384,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Antariuk,"As someone who has played the old Titan Quest (and the Immortal Throne expansion) for hundreds of hours back in the day, the Anniversary Edition is a dream come true. For everyone else, it is an opportunity to (re-)discover this great ARPG that, although it has a lot to offer, sadly never quite managed to get out of Diablo's immense shadow.1. What is Titan Quest?Titan Quest is an action roleplaying game in the style of Diablo but set in mythological past of ancient Greece, Egypt and the Near East. You start the game as a nobody and fight your way through thousands of monsters, gaining strength and skills along the way and collecting interesting and powerful items to boost your combat capabilities. The name-giving titans from Greek mythology are the main enemies in the core game and Hades appears as the final boss in the expansion, but you encounter all kinds of creatures known from myth and fantasy, starting with skeletons and satyrs and ending with demons and dragons.2. What makes it a great game?Unlike other games of this kind, Titan Quest avoids fixed classes you have to take but instead allows you to sort-of build your own character class: the first time you level up at game start and then later at 8th level you can choose a so called mastery from a list of 9 masteries. These define your abilities and playstyle and range from martial types such as Warfare and Defense to caster types such as Earth and Spirit. By being able to combine two masteries in any combination, you can make yourself a pretty unique character. Want to be a pure mage and cast down fire and destruction upon your enemies? No problem. Want to be a warrior and use blade and shield to wreak havoc in melee combat? Go for it. Want to play a hybrid, using both weapons and spells to free the world of the monstrous hordes? Now we're talking.Since the world and all levels in Titan Quest are static affairs (unlike Diablo II, for example), the combination of masteries for your character adds a lot of replay value to the game. Playing with an Elementalist (Earth and Storm) is a different experience than playing with a Conqueror (Warfare and Defense) for example, because both your abilities and the resulting tactics necessary to engage difficult enemies are fundamentally different. I could ramble on about this, but I'll leave it at that at let you discover the rest :)Since this is game in the veign of Diablo, I have to mention loot and equipment. As you might expect, whenever you kill some monsters or open treasure chests, something will fall out - armor, weapons, potions or gold. You need all this stuff to become better at killing monsters and being more efficient at finding even better loot, which again... you know how this one ends. TQ manages to implement this spiral almost perfectly: when you start the game and find your first decent gear (like, a yellow armor or staff/weapon), you'll notice the difference. Later on, when you stumble upon some precious green, blue or purple item, you will again notice its impact on your character's performance. So you always look out for a better item, an upgrade of your current gear, and that makes up TQ's appeal.3. So, what is this Anniversary Edition?Titan Quest Anniversary Edition (TQAE) contains the aforementioned core game Titan Quest and the Immortal Throne Expansion (which is set in the mythological greek underworld Hades) and makes it one game. If you owned TQ on Steam before, you get the AE for free, which is a great move on THQ Nordic's part because the current standard price on Steam 19.99€ is a bit cheeky for a 10-year old game if you ask me. Before THQ and Nordic Games merged, people already could play a beta of TQIT that made a lot of the bugfixes and changes we now see in the AE, but it isn't such a neat package.Now, what is exactly is different in TQAE? The answer is: a lot. The list of changes contains more than a thousand entries and can be found here:http://titanquestgame.com/pcchangelog/TQ_AnniversaryEdition_FullChangelog.txt4. Why you should careAmong the things old players like me will appreciate the most are the restored multiplayer (gone are the days of Hamachi or Tunngle!) and the removal of known bugs such as mastery skills not being applied properly or items not spawning (Revenant Greaves, to name just one type). Also, increased caravan space! Still not nearly enough to even consider collecting set items without TQVault (a 3rd party program that allows you to collect the massive amount of items in TQ externally), but enough to get by without running out of space in high-level gameplay every 3 hours or so. We had the Community Patch for the most irritating bugs for years, but it didn't cover all the problems and it was always a mess to get a party of people together who all had the Community Patch installed, so this is a welcome change.But the AE also has changes that might interest new players. The game supports HD and nonstandard resolutions better than before. It is fully integrated in Steam now, with cheat protection and achievements and trading cards (if you care about these things). Thanks to Steam Workshop, TQAE also has great mod support. Convenient feature such as a loot filter and auto-pickup of gold and potions can be activated.5. Seriously, why you should careSince the AE rebalances a lot of details such as bonuses granted from certain items, the scaling of values or the very skills and abilities of masteries, the game plays different than the old version. And if you ask me, not only different, but better. Things make more sense now. Masteries now grant abilities and resistances that resonate better with their respective themes and the level you’re probably gaining these abilities at. Monster are harder, especially in huge mobs, but not unfairly so. If you use the xmax mod, which I highly advise everyone to at least try (it increases the number of enemies considerably), you can now really challenge yourself, especially in the fourth act (when the expansion Immortal Throne kicks in).6. How's the Multiplayer?If you ever played Titan Quest before, you will probably agree that the multiplayer is tons of fun. Not only are the chances of nice loot drops increased, but playing with friends and different types of characters allows you to engage the bad guys in a more interesting way that you just can’t match when playing solo. Sure, masteries such as Nature allow you to summon your own little party of NPC allies, but that’s not the same. I guess what I want to say is: play this with friends! The whole game really shines brighter in multiplayer, and it did so from the start in 2006, even with all the problems back then.As of right now, the multiplayer in TQAE works but is still pretty basic in its functionality. I do hope we see some filter and search options in the future because right now you often have to wait for your game to browse the ~1000 active servers to find your friend's game, which is a tad annoying. Compared to other games, this would be grounds to deduct lots of points, but please remember that TQ originally tied its multiplayer to GameSpy - a service that has been out of function for years. Most players from back in the day used tools like Hamachi or Tunngle to get together for some monster smashing, and seeing that TQAE allows you to do that without 3rd party tools and editing your Windows network settings is just a relief.7. Final VerdictIn the end, I can wholeheartedly recommend the Titan Quest Anniversary Edition. If you didn’t own or know Titan Quest before, grab it now for its reduced price and enjoy a fun game that, in my humble opinion, can easily keep up with Diablo II or III. The mythological background, the still nice looking graphics and the perfectly implemented spiral of gaining levels and loot should keep you both happy and busy for many hours to come."
,Recommended,475150,25330707,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Vino [Olive Garden],"The classic Titan Quest, but lets you skip that ♥♥♥♥ing cutscene at launch. 10/10 GOTY"
76561197976860423,Recommended,475150,29809079,Posted: 9 February,all,johnychr1,people used to say that this game was better than diablo 2.i disagreethis game is  better than diablo 3
76561198003838639,Recommended,475150,25274967,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,ミル・ウイルム,"This game is just awesome.+Great soundtrack.+Great visuals.+Interesting gameplay (a lot of different abilities, you can mix different masteries and come up with very powerfull combinations, also a lot of items and artifacts can really change your playstyle).+Playtime is huge.P.S. got this game back then when it was released.P.S.P.S.New UI is different, but still looks good."
,Recommended,475150,25274991,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,PopCornFlakes,"One of the best Hack n'slash ever created (with D2)Chose 2 classes and mix their skills ,  unlimited possibilities.Hundreds /thousand hours of gameplay.Games is still very beautiful.I've been playing this game since 2006 and never stopped.Thank you for the free Anniversary edition THQ !"
,Recommended,475150,25331870,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,George,"Pros----Greek MythologyGood StoryMemorable Voice ActorsAmazing Skill Trees and Character DevelopmentBeautiful SceneriesEasy moddabilityGreat ArtworkSpeed Setting (Why doesn't every game have this?)Easy Private ServersMixed-----Textures are dated, but that doesn't particularly detract from the experience.Cons----AddictiveAddictiveAddictive"
,Recommended,475150,29002483,Posted: 4 January,all,Malignity,"Titan Quest celebrates its ten year anniversary with a special edition of the game that adds countless changes, rebalances and improvements.I highly recommend both veteran players and new players to check out the game.If you’re returning, it’s definitely worth another play through just to see all the improvements made to the game, almost making it a completely new experience. If you’re new to the game, Titan Quest is actually not too difficult at all mechanics wise, it is something you can easily pick up and play solo, with some friends, or if you want to hop into a random game on multiplayer. Not to mention that with Steam Workshop you can find additional content for your game like custom maps and gameplay changes if you’re looking to spice things up. One of the greatest features of this game has to be the skill system, being able to mix and match all the different masteries, skills and abilities, along with unique weapons and armor leaves plenty of replayability for the player to experiment and try different masteries and skills.As always thanks for reading my review, if you have any questions about the game itself, the anniversary edition, or just want to share your own experience feel free to do so in the comments below."
76561198085335381,Recommended,475150,32801761,Posted: 25 June,all,Munise-Chan,"Awesome game, always fun to start playing again after some time"
76561197991657927,Recommended,475150,29456228,Posted: 23 January,all,MrMuse,"Classic ARPG remade with an update sufficient enough to make it playable in the modern era and to include the Immortal Throne expansion. Despite being a fantastic example of the genre it's a little on the expensive side but frequently appears in sales and bundles. Fans of Diablo and the like could do far worse than pick up this iconic title and if you see it on sale then it's well worth an extended look even for those that are not paricularly fans of this kind of game. The storyline, side quests, and general atmosphere warrant its inclusion in any gamers' library.*edit* In fact I am not completely sure where I got this so perhaps it comes free to owners of the original titles."
76561197987781635,Recommended,475150,25319760,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,ganatan,"This game was awesome 10 years ago and still looks and feels like a top tier ARPG(just bought the Steam version dirt cheap during latest sale. Best decision ever :-))Thank you very much for your generous gesture, Nordic. People like you help me keep some faith on the gaming industry. Waiting eagerly to throw you some more bucks in the future!"
,Recommended,475150,27625301,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,CcR,"My first thought when I bought the game was ""maybe it's worth the price"", and sure it is(even if i bought it at $5). This game, as the remake it is, puts together both Titan Quest and Titan Quest: Immortal Throne, which guarantee tons of hours with it.The base of the game is the Ancient Greece, when the humans were protected by gods; but the they are in danger because of the Titans who broke from prision and want revenge against the gods.You are a unknow warrior who after save a small city you are asked to look for help, it makes you travel through Greece and later on Egypt, Babylon and China as the only one who can defeat the Titans. That being said, the creation of bosses and equipment based on each region's culture it's really amazing, giving most gods something to represent them.Main features?-The game doesn't has a character customization, your options are male or female and you can choose the color of your tunic. However, the game gives you a astonish number of armor for your head, chest, arms and leggins, also you can wear rings and amulets. There is also a posiblity that enemies drop relics and charms that you can assemble and attach to weapons and armor to give more stats to them. Besides that, most of the stats are random and yo can find the same piece of armor but one with +100 health and the other one with +100 mana, so you can choose the one that best fit your gameplay style or to improve the one thing you are lacking the most-You can choose a Mastery between 8 possible and later on you can choose a second one or stay as you are. It gives you the oportunity to have 36 different combinations with unique abilities. Also, every Mastery has a really balanced skill tree, giving you the opportunity to choose whatever you want and don't fell powerless at all.-Each Mastery has 20 skills (40 if you choose a second one) that you can unlock and improve 6-12 times each.-The amount of weapons you have is insane, based on your Mastery, its strengths and weaknesess you can wield swords, knives, axes, cubs, maces, bows, spears, or staffs, with different stats (some of them are random). Also, you can use anything if you have the requeriments for it, it can make you a Necromancer-Hunting who wields a big♥♥♥♥♥axe with no restriction at all.-It has a pretty decent pet system, the AI does a good job and if they are doing it wrong you can change their target to that big fat monster that is killing you.-Now it has Mod Support and thanks god it exist. If you somehow manage to use all the Masteries or you get bored with them there are some great mods with all-new, all-diferent classes and some useful tool for your grinding.-If you want to have all the achievements you will have a hard time, to begin with, each playthroughis last +60 hours and with a achievement for every difficulty-mastery one, is good to say that many of them have a achievement rate of 1.0% or less. Good Luck with it.-MULTIPLAYER!!The main and best feature, you can play with your friends in custom quests and add as many mods as you want (it helps you to level up faster). Also the health of the enemies and the damage they deal changes with the level and number of players of your party.FlawsEven with all the improvement on the gameplay and the new features, there are some small bugs and you can get stuck in a chest near a wall (happened to me once) or in a door, there are also some issues with the random generator of the item stats, but the developers continue releasing patches to fix them so you don't have to worry about it.So, yeah. It sums up what you can expect with this""Diablo like""game. And if you are reading and it is 50% off you should click that ""Add to cart"" button and buy it....Seriusly, Just Buy It."
76561198001541273,Recommended,475150,25312924,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,NeuroSplicer,"I had logged hundreds of hour on TITAN QUEST and its expansion when they were released. So, when STEAM offered the remastered Anniversary edition I had to give it a go. And, boy, did it bring back memories.The game runs smoothly on Win10 (64bit) and takes full advantage of a 1920x1080 widescreen.They simply do not make them like this anymore. From the beautiful environments, complete with ambient sounds, plants moving when you pass amongst them and day-and-night cycles (with the appropriate dynamic lighting), to the story and the diversity of the creatures you meet and fight, this was the Hack-&-Slash RPG that ruined all the others that came before or after.Consider this: TITAN QUEST has no transitions between areas, you just keep walking in and out of dungeons, the entire map is one continuous domain. In contrast, Diablo3, that came more than a decade later, needs ...teleportation transitions.You must play this game at least once in your life."
76561197982474554,Recommended,475150,25274670,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Onday,"I played the original for 100+ hours (can't say it's a lot compared to other ppl, but still) it was a great ARPG even while being old and servers beeing offline. After this rework it looks better, feels better and the most important thing is that the servers are working again.Blizz i love you and i still like D3, but with this season beeing as boring as it is D3 can suck a nut cuz TQ is back and it's much better than it was before.In short, all i can say that it's a great ARPG. If you like D3 and got bored of it latelly, give this a try."
76561198192060421,Recommended,475150,32734262,Posted: 24 June,all,KnugenAfKaos,Played the game when it came out as gold edition. Loved the game from the start and the new revised edition gives a feeling of nostalgia and happy surprises.
76561198376861921,Recommended,475150,34383275,Posted: 20 August,all,LilithWolfbane,"Definitely one of the best RPG's I've ever played, and I can highly recommend it.  As many others have stated, If you like any of the Diablo games, you will like Titan Quest, and, much like the Diablo games, this game is a life stealer, lol. Since I bought it, I'm pretty sure I've played nothing but this game. The character customization is amazing, and there are some great guides out there to help you along as well. I kinda like to think of this game as Greek Diablo on steroids, lol. Anyway, if you love these types of games, you absolutely cannot go wrong with Titan Quest.P.S. When you first play, and kill some beastmen, you may be wondering, ""Why is there no loot? I've never played a game with no loot before."" Don't worry, the loot is there...go into your settings menu, (hit G), and look at your keybindings. There are three to set loot preferences. To see all loot, even the broken stuff, hit Z, and it will magically appear. Later, you may want to filter out the broken stuff, hit ALT, to get unbroken and good gear. Then, when you absolutely only want the best stuff, hit X, to get only the good stuff. Hope this helps, I know I was a little lost to start with wondering where my loot was, lol.  Happy Gaming!"
,Recommended,475150,33117768,Posted: 1 July,all,Kenshin,A really nice chill-out hack&slash game.. ı've been playing this gem with my brother and really enjoyed it.
76561197994668668,Recommended,475150,33914466,Posted: 30 July,all,Gameologist,"I first played Titan Quest when it originally came out, and have returned to it several times in the past decade. In many ways, it is outshone by more recent ARPGs, but it still has a charm that many of those lack. Since it's impossible to avoid comparisons in a genre where there is so much similarity between titles, this review is going to focus on what I think Titan Quest's particular strengths and weaknesses are, relative to other more recent ARPGS.- The easiest comparison for Titan Quest is toGrim Dawn, as it was made by many of the same folks. The skill and class systems have a lot of overlap. Grim Dawn includes deeper character customization in the form of the Devotion system, but the two-mastery system is conceptually the same. There are even a few skills that are effectively (and even named) the same, like Heart of Oak. Grim Dawn also includes a more robust endgame, with a few different options for high level farming (compared to TQs much more limited selection). Overall, Grim Dawn is mechanically deeper.-Path of Exile'sgem system, extremely complex passive tree, and continuing development make it the dominant player in the current ARPG market. Many of its strengths, however, are also its weaknesses relative to TQ. PoE is best enjoyed when participating in (usually) 3 month leagues. If your time is limited, it can be difficult to 'finish' a character in such a league, and ongoing tweaks to the passive tree mean that a character you had high hopes for becomes impossible to build after a patch. Furthermore, it's essentially impossible to build a strong character in PoE without trading with other players. The economy of each league is, in my opinion, a lot of fun and a strength of the game's design - but if you're more of a single player it may not be for you.By comparison, TQ (and Grim Dawn) are very single player friendly; you can start a build, leave it alone for weeks or months or even years, then come back to it and be right where you left off. It is possible to trade with others or play multiplayer, but if you're going to do that, I would honestly recommend PoE or Diablo, as they're really built for that. For SP, TQ and Grim Dawn are definitely my go-tos.- I haven't played muchDiablo III(and I wasn't particularly crazy about it when I did), but I'm going to group it with another ARPG,Torchlight, because of its feel. Both have a cartoonishness to the art style that I personally don't find very appealing. Blizzard, of course, is famous for its toony approach to art assets, and Torchlight is intentionally a more light-hearted take on the genre as a whole.I think feel is where Titan Quest really shines. Grim Dawn and Path of Exile are both have a dark, grungy, post-apocalyptic feel that, frankly, ends up feeling very same-y to me. I play PoE for mechanics, competition, and complex character building, but I've never felt invested in the world or the story in any meaningful way. Similarly, Grim Dawn failed to grab me in the way that Titan Quest did, despite its improved complexity. Diablo and Torchlight's cartooniness, meanwhile, didn't grab me either.Titan Quest, meanwhile, draws heavily on Greek, Egyptian, and Eastern Mythologies (though, let's be real, they do a way better job with Greek than the others, which can be a bit token-ish). For a classics nerd like me, the setting of TQ has always been a draw. The whole game world is beautiful, and there are so many clever touches and references that I keep discovering with each new playthrough.For example, after killing the Cyclops Polyphemus you'll be rewarded with a 'Majestic Chest,' a common reward for killing mini-bosses, and an achievement called 'Nobody did this,' which is a clever reference to the name Odysseus gives when he kills Polyphemus inThe Odyssey. You can also go into a small cave behind Polyphemus, expecting more loot, but only finding a couple spiders and, maybe, a small chest or two, often with a skeleton holding onto it. This reference to the barrenness of the Cyclops's cave is a subtle reference, again, toThe Odyssey, and it shows how carefully constructed the whole world of Titan Quest is.TL;DR - If you're looking for a good single player ARPG and think you would enjoy a bright, colorful, mythology-infused setting (that avoids being cartoonish), definitely consider giving Titan Quest a try. It has held up well, and still offers plenty of fun even 11 years after its original release."
,Recommended,475150,25283920,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,NotKrankor,"This edition is a complete surprise — and what a fine surprise. The game was the best of its generation and it still manages to impress ten years later. Its unique atmosphere, interesting setting and cool gameplay are what define Titan Quest.Five euros is a great deal. I can't emphasize this enough."
,Recommended,475150,32134693,Posted: 2 June,all,Doomdancer,"Used to soak hours to this game, but it just feels bit boring nowdays.But I know its not because the game is bad, but because I have simply played dozens of games with similiar systems ( including the teams newer games with similiar skill systems).I still honestly believe it will be interesting game for those that haven't played it before so I recommend this aniversary edition, but it might not be good pick for veterans of the genre who have seen it all but not checked this title for some reason."
,Recommended,475150,25357797,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,m_sureash,"Is the game old? YESIs the graphic dated? YESIs it fully voiced? NOAre there cool FMV comparable to current games? NOShould I play it? YESWHY should I play?1. Cause compared to many newer games (I'm looking at you D3), it captures the essence and spirit of RPG.2. You are not restricted to a 'class' or type of char. Basicaly you can create a mage type char with the strength of Conan or a fighter with the Intelligence of Merlin. It works in this game due to the duel class system where magical and physical elements can synergise with each other.3. Devs don't tell you how should play a class, what skill to use or what equipment to wear. (looking at you again D3)4. You decide how your char evolves. The game does not auto assign stats for you.5. It's fun"
,Recommended,475150,25284067,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,⚶ Yerrazx,Still better than Diablo 3
76561198013230087,Recommended,475150,25338798,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Petrel_Deeep,"It's 10 years and it's still the best ARPG I've ever played.Do not take me wrong, I love Diablo, Grim Dawn, Torchlight and PoE, but among all the ARPG, TQ is so unique in that it is the only one that is played mostly in a ""bright"" world, not as dark as the other masterpieces. Besides, the game is moddable (extremely extremely important), so you can play it in any way you like, perfectly suitable for a gamer with a serious work, two children and one wife.....Can you play Diablo 3 if every week you only have a 2-hour free Saturday night?? No way, because Diablo 3 is too serious a game. If you want reward, you need to devote yourself into the game. How about TQ? You can just mod it and enjoy yourself!!!I love TQ!If you have question about my play time on record.....that's because i not only play it on Saturday night, but also in the midnight after my wife falls asleep......."
,Recommended,475150,25515907,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Pakkidis,"Rating 9/10Overview: Action RPGThe Good:+ 9 Skill trees to choose from, you select 2. Each skill tree is varied and unique offering multiple ways of building your character. Mixing and matching different skill trees together to see what fits your playstyle is part of the fun.+ For a 10-year-old game, this game looks fantastic. It easily holds up by todays standards, a great example of how good art direction and style can make a long lasting impression.+ The game takes place across 5 Acts, each act focusing on a different mythology; Greek, Egypt, China etc. Every Act is varied with multiple locations, numerous side quests, unique enemies etc.+ Multiplayer is back. Never did I expect to play Titan Quest with other people. Full credit to the developers for updating the game and making multiplayer work again.+ Updated UI for a more modern feel.+ Tons of bug fixes, improvements and balance changes+ Tons of great loot+ Optional bosses in the harder difficulty levels.+ Workshop mods to further extend replay value.The Average:Every Act features its own variety of enemies yet most of them are just variants from previous enemies. Most enemies behave in two ways, they either rush you or stay back and fire arrows/magical spells at you.Majority of side quests involved killing a group of monsters. However, the last act (the expansion) seems to have more well thought out and diverse side quests.Conclusion:Titan's Quest is arguably one of the best action rpgs to be released in the last 10 years other than Diablo. It is one of my favorite action Rpgs based on the sheer number of ways you can build your character, the variety of locationsand the great loot. Every action rpg lover should have this game in their library."
76561197969507426,Recommended,475150,30247004,Posted: 28 February,all,ArshesNei,"My review may be a bit biased because I absolutely loved this game when I first played it.  Playing it now brings back a lot of wonderful memories.  It is an action RPG/hack and slash game in the same vein as games like ""Diablo""  And as such I'll be comparing it a lot to the Diablo series and similar games.PROS:-You can automatically sort your inventory.  Anyone who played Diablo I'm sure remembers how annoying it was to constantly rearrange your inventory piece by piece every time you heard that you couldn't ""carry anymore"".  With a click of a button you can auto sort.-The graphics are still impressive given its age, the backgrounds are dynamic, and there is a change from day to night.  You travel to cities, beaches, catacombs and forests.  You aren't just stuck in one type of area.  Also the graphics look more realistic and less ""cartoony"".  No ""gore"" means parents can rest a little easier having younger gamers play it.  The ragdoll mechanics are hilarious and never gets old.-Any lover of Greek mythology will enjoy fighting centaurs, harpies and the like.  It is similar to ""Prince of Qin"" when it comes to using a lot of mythology lore for its creatures and settings.-You walk right into caves instead of waiting for a load screen.  I for one, think that's pretty cool.-There is a staggering number of different ""builds"" or masteries you can try depending on your play style.  There is the ability to respect your points which makes it so you don't feel like you wasted time on a build you don't like.  You can start customizing your character very early in the game.  And you are able to hotkey various spells depending on your character builds.   You aren't limited to picking just one of two spells in a particular tree to use.-Your characters have a multitude of stats and resistances.  The gear you are able to wear is based on your stats.  You can't be a mage class and just thow on heavy armor.-You know right away what base stats your crafting components add.  You are not just breaking down equipment and praying to the RNG gods.  You do get random bonuses on top of your base crafting stats though, as well as the ability to reclaim your craft component to use again in another item.-You have an ability to use a town portal vs. having to carry a half dozen town portal scrolls in your inventory.-The music.  Seriously go find the ""secret passage"" and enjoy.  It's not the same ""doom and gloom"" track over and over again, but each piece fit the areas well.-Level creation option and modding capabilities.  Multiplayer is there but there is also a legit play singleplayer campaign.  Not ""singleplayer if you are able to log into battlnet"" singleplayer.-No microtransactions, auction houses or other cash grab bs.CONS:-Grinding/Farming.   In typical ARPG fashion you will do lots of grinding and farming.-Linear gameplay.  You do have multiple difficulty levels, but the game itself is a linear experience.-The music is awesome, but in a lot of places it's few and far between.  You'll be playing and wonder ""where did the music go?""-Enemy AI - depending on the mob you can just walk right up to its back and start wailing on them before they even know you are there.  Sometimes you walk right into a room full of enemies and it takes them a moment to even acknowledge your presence and start fighting you back.  This doesn't happen often but it is worth mentioning.-The levels, including the dungeons are not randomly generated.  Which isn't a con for me but may be for other people.-No real character customization...unless you use mods.I love this game as much as I did when I first played it.It succeeded where games made several years after this one, with much larger budgets failed."
76561198078107232,Recommended,475150,26122468,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Jötunn,"The Anniversary Edition was just a great reason to revisit this incredible game. Including both Titan Quest and the Immortal Throne expansion pack, it retains every aspect that made the original such a complete hack n' slash experience and yet expands it, providing subtle but solid improvements in almost everything.All masteries provide the player with interesting skill trees, many different combinations and potential approaches to gameplay and really great character builds. Adding the fact that you can reset your ability points (yet not the masteries), not only do you end up with a totally flexible character development mechanic, but also, a potentially ineffective and game-breaking build is actually impossible.The setting is really intriguing and beautiful, with lore in the form of story-telling NPCs adding that extra spice and immersion, bringing the world behind the game, to life.The game has obvious visual enhancements and really neat gameplay options, such as game speed (finally). I really enjoyed my playthrough of TQ:AE and will certainly play again.An absolute ARPG must have."
,Recommended,475150,25276440,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Bovine Joni [VC],I always knew getting Titan Quest on steam would pay off. 10 years later and its still one of the things I most look forward to playing. TITAN QUEEEEEEEEEEEEEST!!!!
,Recommended,475150,25337170,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Pathogene,"Thank You very much! Finally I can play Titan Quest with high resolution, achievements and, most important thing, with my friends and without hemorrhoid."
,Recommended,475150,25359637,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,[H] Hellfire [W] Party Time,"Worth the price regardless of sales. 10 years old but the anniversary edition polished a game that was still replayable 10 years later.Still the best of the ""diablo-like"" games I have ever played.Buy the game."
76561198061186972,Recommended,475150,29780836,Posted: 8 February,all,foresta27,"Titan quest anniversary edition is a quality ARPG that is a good improvement over the original TQ IT.Works fine on my windows 10 64bit Geforce 1080 but I will mention that the game still has the momentary pauses and speedups,some call rubberbanding that the original version of TQ IT suffered from.This isn't a frame rate issue but a game coding issue and apparently for the dev's to fix it would mean rewriting most of the code so I hear.Not going to happen.However,this is by no means a game breaker and does not spoil the treasure hunt at all for me ( and I wont play games that have constant frame rate issues etc as it spoils the enjoyment of the experience) .The gameplay and pacing is more of an old school RPG experience in that aquiring levels,set items,relics etc takes A LONG TIME.This works in the games favour imo because when you finally get a rare item it's a bigger deal. Complete contrast to alot of current gen ARPGS where you get inundated with the loot quite easily and hence tend to get bored of the treasure hunt quite easily also.Graphics still hold up nicely,sound is fine although it only works in stereo for me even though I have 5.1 surround enabled and surround works on other games no problem.Controls are keyboard and mouse which are fine,however their is no in game functionality to map keys to the extra mouse buttons other than L/R and middle mouse - this is an oversite and I'd like this to be patched.A new feature worth mentioning is that their is now 3 speeds to play the game -  Normal,fast and faster I find the middle speed ""Fast"" ideal, One side note ,their is a bug in one spot in the whole game that if you try and pick up the quest item ""The eye of chaos"" in any speed other than normal,instead of it falling to the ground to pick up,it disappears.A quick realod,turn speed to normal and get the Eye again fixes the issue and allows you to progress.The game also overall is marginally harder than the original version of TQ IT but this is a positive as the game has been better balanced.Overall a classic ARPG that even though it has some niggles is enjoyable,replayable and challenging.An easy recommend."
,Recommended,475150,28382840,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,RaZy | Farmskins.com,"Great comeback from this legendary game. They turn multiplayer on again, that is great.+ ""story""+ gameplay+ soundtrack+ masteries+ skills+ items+ big map+ basic game and IT are combined to one game- graphics (but you know...it's 2006.)"
,Recommended,475150,32304837,Posted: 9 June,all,Arete.Aww,"What makes TItan Quest truely shines compared to other loot-collecting top-down RPG is the fast pace of the combat. You are not gonna be able to hold down a button and expect to mow down the enemy. You really need to make optimal use of the few skills you will learn and decide angle of approach. Careful planning is ACTUALLY A MUST. Not only that, the mobs have array of skills they use and you will need to adapt on the fly as to how to handle the group of mobs. All this happening within few seconds. This makes for unusually fun engagements even when you are not using The LATEST and NEWEST gears and skills, further enhanced by the freaking excellent level design that you can literally feel the hours and efforts put into. Honestly, everyone should be playing this game, not only the fan of loot-collecting RPG (I refuse to use the term ARPG) but anyone interested in playing good quality game"
,Recommended,475150,33736395,Posted: 22 July,all,HolyQuebec,"This is honnestly pretty damn good. If you like torchlight or diablo, then this is a must. Wether it's solo or with friends, get this"
,Recommended,475150,25342695,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Lucky,your inventory is fullyou can't....omg just let me take that shieldrepeat
,Recommended,475150,33408336,Posted: 9 July,all,PanzernKern,"Titan Quest Anniversary Edition couldn’t have come at a better time, as it’s not only great for those nostalgic players who want to revisit it, but also newbies like me who always wanted to try it but never got around to it. It’s fun to play solo, but when you team up with a group of friends for some multiplayer games, it’s an absolute blast. Although the game’s main quest is more or less linear, it has enough side-missions, as well as a completely randomized loot system, that it will beckon you for repeat play throughs."
,Recommended,475150,31361777,Posted: 25 April,all,Whitetailfox,"So I thought I would sit down and relax to a Diablo-like action RPG for a while. I liked the theme, disliked the fact there's no character customization beyond gender and color of tunic. Proceeded to do a few quests while thinking I probably won't stick around for long. Big mistake.Then the class choice, multiclassing and character skill picks as well as item enchantment and artifact creation came came into play.I'm on my 4th character now, send help!"
,Recommended,475150,25277681,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,DisgustinG,One of the best hack and slash rpgs got remastered! Jump in and enjoy epic greek mythology with some locumates and ouzo on table! Game got multiplayer so it bring back good fun like old times in lan playing diablo 2 or titan quest with buddyes!
76561198010748161,Recommended,475150,25336116,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Vinny Vally,"Will update this as my playtime increases, but right now I am loving this game! I always looked at Titan Quest and was always so very close to buying, but never did.. Now with the Anniversary Edition available I couldn't say no! And how happy I am for that :DThe class system is seemingly awesome. With 8 individual masteries (I think) you can combine 2 to create a potential mix of 24 (or something like that). Now, I've only played 3 hours but I don't fully know how far you can take this though. If say, max level is 25, then you won't get many points to mix your masteries well.. I have no idea what the max level is though.. Either way, I am very much enjoying being a Stormcaster, and whilst I'm only level 9 it's already starting to be really fun!Not as fast pased as Diablo, I find myself kiting a lot more and not being able to spam any skill (only level 9), but I can imagine as I increase in power it becomes more like that fast pased Diablo I'm used too. This is a little boring currently, but I can definitely see it getting a lot better (it does with each level).Music is very pleasent, and the ambience is good! Sits in the background and makes the surrounding landscape fit in very well. The graphics are also decent and pleasent, and I think the developers have done a fantastic job of updating the game to a near modern standard - Regardless, it's all about the gameplay for me!The UI / Inventory is a little clunky, and good lord do I hate picking items up. I just spent 5 minutes walking in circles around a pile of gold unable to successfully click on it >.< I hope someone mods this! I'd love them for it!The NPC chat boxes also aren't amazing, but the voice acting is relatively decent and worth listening too at least :)Definitely a must-try! As said above, give it at least till level 10 as the gameplay becomes increasingly better with level-ups. 8/10 for now from me :)"
,Recommended,475150,25391293,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,maelwys,"I've always liked Titan Quest, even though I go for long stretches between playtime. With this free update for those who already owned the game, THQ Nordic has really done a huge service for their fans. I'm already playing through again and see myself playing on and off for many years to come. Definitely recommended - you absolutely can't go wrong with this game."
76561198140870736,Recommended,475150,32654692,Posted: 22 June,all,Zonthor,"Gotta' update my review !So if you're too layz to read all of this and wondering if the game is worth buying,here's the answerYES !Why is that ?Well even after all these years since the original release the game has tons of fun and entertaining content.Pro : - 4 Acts of gameplay per difficulty ( Normal / Epic / Legendary ).- 9 Main classes to chose from and 36 of possible combination from those 9 .- Tons of different items / Monster Heroes / Secondary Quest / Achievements.- The game gets updated every 1-3 months ( most of the updates are implemented to maintain the balance of skills / items or mobs in the game ) + bugfix'es.-  The multiplayer is now fun and  better then ever.Conts : -Things might get boring after completing Normal and Epic difficulty if you're not into grindig'ish kind of games.-Lack of character customization.Tips for new players :  - Invest most of your SP ( skill points ) into the main tree.- Try not to miss any unexplored areas ( more exp / items / or some hidden quests ).-Playing with some friends will be far much enjoyable.- Care when meeting with the ""ShadowMaw"" he's a bit hard to deal with.You'll meet him around lvl 12-13 right after you get the ""Olive Branch"" quest item.Good luck and have fun playing the game ! :)"
76561197978186122,Recommended,475150,25303637,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Skaab,"Wow free Titan Quest remake.Totally worth the 55 minutes to find ,boot and get titan quest backups from an 10 years old laptop.Everything is exactly where it was.11/10"
76561198040094794,Recommended,475150,25381376,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Cioby,"Thank you for the free game. This is how HD or remade versions should be sold. Free to those that supported over the years and actually bought the game.That beeing said, this is a type of Diablo (2 and 3) game. You can also play online, co-op or single player.The theme of the game is ancient greece and legends. Gods and Titans. Legendary monsters.You get to level up your character and get 2 specializations, not just one. You can re-learn, respec points but you can't undo your specializations.It is a great game and the graphics are really well considering it's age, recommended for fans of the genre or those that wanna start.For now there is an issue with the mouse cursor, at least for Windows 7&10  64bit and 4K resolution. Pressing Alt+Enter solves the issue yet you will see the top window name above it unless you manage to remove it somehow.UPDATE!Issue with cursor fixed, just use Safe mode Windows 10. Now this is a fast fix, good job."
,Recommended,475150,25867650,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,LaMorte,"10 years old but the anniversary edition polished a game that was still replayable 10 years later. Still the best of the ""diablo-like"" games I have ever played.Wonderful game, marvelous reissue.100 hours have passed and the game is also good )"
76561198116527414,Recommended,475150,28884782,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Sigmar,"Yes, that's it! I enjoyed that game engine in ""Grim Dawn"" with its addicting hack & slash & loot gameplay and its apocalyptic steampunk universe. Now, the predecessor of 2006 has returned, set in the ancient Greece we know from the verses by Homer and Ovid. The mythological background, rooted deeply in our Western cultural identity, gives the actions of my character even more significance than in a typical fantasy RPG that creates its own lore. I do not merely enjoy, I love to see my Greek hero grow during his adventures. This progression is noticeable not only in increasing mastery skills, but also in the beautiful equipment you collect - looting is, as I said, one of the major strong points of this game concept, a very satisfying experience.As in every game of this kind, combat gets repetitive after a while. The more important it is that the series of combat situations is held together by a plausible story as well as exciting sidequests - which is absolutely the case here, although the plot is as generic as you would expect from this genre. Also, the landscape is diverse and beautiful, and the music adds just as much to the epic atmosphere of this game as the authentic storytellers on the market squares that entertain you with legends of gods and titans...Good job, bringing this game back to us!"
76561197989930228,Recommended,475150,25335986,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,bobeagle77,"This game still holds up after ten years of its original release date. I highly recommend this game to gamers who like Diablo, Sacred or Torchlight games. I give this game a 5 out of 5.+Graphics look good. Audio is great.+Npc voices add to the lore of the game.+Gameplay feels good. Lots of loot to collect. And fantastic places to explore.+The creatures design in this game is top notch. The animations were done right.+Story is entertaining.-The only downside for me is that the game is not playable with a controller which is my prefer method of playing video games (this will not affect the score).Other notes: I have played this game before, and I still have the old disc somewhere. I never finished the game and I also never played the expansion Immortal Thrones. I Hope I don't get diverted again! Thank you developers and publishers you are awesome!"
76561197982173126,Recommended,475150,25338445,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Ninja World War,"I remember years ago being quite disheartened when Iron Lore studios disbanded (original developer of Titan Quest) then I rejoiced when I heard that most of them formed Crate entertainment and provided gamers with Grim Dawn the spiritual successor to Titan Quest and in many ways Diablo 2.  Now, THQNORDIC has brought back one of the best ARPGs of all time and have given us multiplayer back as well!  The graphics are just as good as they were back in the day and thankfully all the weird rubberbanding issues that plagued the game with the Immortal Throne expansion are thankfully 99% gone.If you love ARPGs like Diablo and Torchlight, stop what you are doing and buy this game you won't regret it.As a warning this game does have a few bugs, but in no means makes it unplayable.  This is what I've encountered in my brief playtime.  Slight and I do mean very slight rubberbanding issues.  The screen will pause for a split second and then you will go in fastfoward for a second.  This has happened only two or three times, but is nowhere near as serious as it was when the expansion Immortal Throne first came out.The second bug is sometimes you have to hit escape before you can click exit out of a menu.The third bug I encountered is when ALT TABBING out of them game, it actually froze my entire computer up and I had to hard reset my PC.I am sure these bugs will be addressed, but trust me this game is well worth these minor annoyances!"
,Recommended,475150,25385038,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Hajimoto [ECWC],"So let me start this review by saying that it seems a bit weird that I writing a review of a game that I have played for over 2000 hours. Yes it is true that the Anniversary Edition is new but the game Titan Quest has been one of my favorite games of all time since it release in 2006. TQ was only 2nd to Diablo II in my book and I have written many reviews to that effect. I will try and concentrate only on the changes that have happened from the TQ and TQ:IT of 2006-2007, as anything else will not do the developers any justice. The developers have corrected, enhanced, added and resuscitated a game that feels fresh and new. The changes in items, weapons and masteries have all improved the game play substantially.  Some one that has never played TQ will play this game and be blown away by how much storyline and depth this game has to offer.Do not let the small price fool you; this is an “A” Class game title. Let me me say first and foremost that TQ is a great single player game that does not limit your single player characters only to single player.  If you make a character and they reach level 30, you are able to play that level 30 in a multiplayer game. Because the Anniversary edition comes with Immortal throne expansion, there is hours upon hours of content to play through and when you reach end game you can continue at a higher difficulty which unlocks areas, heroes and bosses that are not seen in the lower levels. The beauty of this game is that you have so many classes you can build and try the storyline from the perspective of a caster, then do it again from a melee standpoint and the game will playout completely different. This is the type of game that will have you make a new character just to use that super cool item you found that is not of your current class.If you like multiplayer it is still one of the only games that allow you and 5 others to join up and reek havoc on the world.  Not sure if you picked up on what I just said…FIVE meaning a total of 6 players romping through dungeons and finding loot. Build in voice communications, modder support (Watch Steam Workshop for awesome mods), more heroes and boss mobs to fight and tons of UI enhancements make this game a MUST HAVE if you are a Diablo/Diablo II fan. If you are part of the THQ/Nordic group, props for a job well done, excellent work supporting a game that is truly worth another generation of gamers to experience.I cannot say enough good things about this game title. 5 out of 5 stars"
,Recommended,475150,25395209,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Neptune,"I've played this game for hundreds of hours since 2007, and I absolutely loved it. The story was deep and immersive, the enemies and areas were varied, and there was just so much stuff packed into it. Not bad for a game that only costed 20-30 bucks, even when it was first released.And now this happens. Titan Quest - Anniversary Edition. AND I GOT IT FOR FREE CAUSE I OWNED THE OLD VERSION.See, that is how you should really treat your fans - with respect, and kindness, and reward them for their loyalty in buying your products. It's good to see that they remastered the original game as well; all the game rebalances, new small additions and full steam support just makes a masterpiece all the better.And then, to make it even better than that, they added WORKSHOP SUPPORT. WORKSHOP SUPPORT ON A GAME WHICH HAS A WHOLE ARSENAL OF EDITING AND WORLD CREATION TOOLS AT ITS DISPOSAL. NOW WE CAN BECOME OUR OWN GODS, MAKE OUR OWN QUESTS, OUR OWN ENEMIES, OUR OWN ITEMS. I COULD NOT HAVE ASKED FOR SOMETHING BETTER THAN THIS.Jesus Christ they really know how to revive an older game back from the dead. Can't give it anything other than a recommendation."
76561198007148614,Recommended,475150,25316206,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Baelwrath,"Glad to see TQ back! I generally love the fixes, however there are some annoyances that weren't there before.GOOD THINGSToo many to name. Seriously, get this game if you love ARPG.BUGS AND ANNOYANCESThe UI is good, but I really wish we could see ALL the stats of our characters, à la Diablo 3.The default behavior of the key to show items on the ground toggles the view instead of temporarily showing the items, and the option to change this behavior is ""Lock item pickup"", which is really not obvious.I feel like the way the required level to wear an item is calculated got broken.Sometimes, when you auto-pick items (GREAT FEATURE BY THE WAY!!), some items will be placed in slots that you can't click. You need to re-arrange your inventory with the sort button to fix this.Difficulty setting (normal, epic, legendary) isn't saved per character. So everytime I switch from a normal to an epic character, I got thrown in a normal game instead of epic, and need to quit and reload.Still some visual glitches, but MUCH less than before.Not sure if that's meant to be this way, but the way the Shared Area is designed looks like it can be expanded. It isn't centered and looks weird."
76561198001437760,Recommended,475150,25335189,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Dunkace,"I played Titan Quest to death years back on my disc copy. Then played it more on my steam copy. Now im back playing it again on the anniversary edition. This is what ARPGS are supposed to be. In depth, massive and fun!"
,Recommended,475150,25614246,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Mivo,"Titan Quest is one of my all-time favorite games, and is solidly in my top-3 for ARPGs (Diablo 2 and Path of Exile are the other two), which is hands-down my most loved genre. I had played this for over a thousand hours when it was new, prior to a Steam release, and this Anniversary Edition, which I received for free as an owner of the ""standard"" version, pulled me right back in. And I can't stop playing!Titan Quest uses the Diablo 2 formula and combines it with greater build variety and more flexibility for character development and playstyle preferences. Maps are mostly handcrafted (but very large), with some being randomized. Loot is always randomized, with monsters also dropping what they use (so you sometimes see a mob with a shiny weapon that will soon be yours!). Legendaries are not frustratingly hard to get in the highest difficulty mode, but you also don't get flooded with them. Items can be customized with relics and charms (basically like enchants).The stash is large for an ARPG and there is additionally a smaller shared box that all characters can access. The graphics have aged very well (it looks better than Path of Exile, and far better than D2) and it plays exceptionally well on my 1440p display. Multiplayer is peer-to-peer with a matchmaking server or via LAN, and works smoothly. Very minimal bandwidth usage and robust.I can only highly recommend this game to anyone who likes a proper, loot-driven ARPG with an old school touch (this includes the partly steep difficulty increases), a large number of build options, and near endless replay value. It's a gem and a true classic that now runs wonderfully on modern machines too. Whether you get it at the full price or in a sale, it's really a good deal and you won't be disappointed.(Review based on playing the game on a machine with a 5820k, 980ti, 16 MB, SSD, 1440p RoG display, Windows 10.)"
76561197990597328,Recommended,475150,25370629,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Mayrbek,Great game
,Recommended,475150,25384117,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Emennius,THE NECKLACE! Ohhhh...!
,Recommended,475150,25299072,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,๖ۣۜR3BORN,"What a time to be alive!Titan Quest: Anniversary Edition combines two beloved classic ARPG titles complete with all across the board enhancements and updates. For a low price, (or kindly free for previous Titan Quest owners) this remastered edition of a fantastic experience can be enjoyed once more.With upgraded visuals, mechanics, utilities and content, Titan Quest still manages to encapsulate the original's atmosphere and overall quality without obtrusively changing the core experience. Updated anti-cheat mechanics and ""quality of life"" changes fix some past issues, while the remastered visuals and audio are as wonderful and on point as before. Multiplayer receives an essential touch up, as well as outdated resolution and scaling fixes. Included in this update is Steam functionality and achievements, and the ever present trading cards...Titan Quest: Anniversay Edition is a wonderful upgrade to an already fantastic title, and will demand a future playthrough. I highly recommend picking up this classic experience, and one that has definitely aged well throughout the years."
,Recommended,475150,25337473,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,KPolice,"An ARPG without peer. Ancient mythology instead of tired generic fantasy, looks and sounds fantastic, endlessly playable due to 9 masteries usable either as single or dual class. A best in genre loot game along with the likes of Borderlands, with multiplayer and mod support to prolong your interest.Well done to THQ Nordic."
,Recommended,475150,29325210,Posted: 17 January,all,ULINA,a classic hack & slash+ A very nice hack & slash+ Fun with friends+ 3 difficulties mods+ Lot of classes+ Good graphism for an old game+ Very very long long game+ FarmLess expensive for a nice game.You love hack & slash ....  you must buy it.
76561198108025093,Recommended,475150,25274809,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Ryksa,"After 10 years, Titan Quest Gold has been renewed and updated!If you have either the core game or the Gold version with the Immortal Throne (IT) expansion, you get it free. The expansion contains 8 new possible class combinations, a new Act, hundreds of new items and gameplay fixes. Just like the Lord of Destruction for Diablo 2: an essential addition to the world.About the gameplay mechanics, we could say that it is similar to it, while not really. In Titan Quest, you can combine 2 of the 9 Masteries together, thus forming a Class. As you progress in leveling, you spend Mastery Points to unlock certain skills, which are then become available to Rank up. This Class System ensures you to create the character you want: without restrictions. There are 45 class and all of them are viable through the game, however, certain builds need the appropriate equipment, so with one class you need to farm more, than the other. That's not a disadvantage in my opinion, just adds to the challange. :)In the campaign, you roam through the Ancient Era, while knowing its history better and better. Pretty much detailed plot and side stories about ancient mythology. This - and the fact, that all of the locations you slash through is real or could be find in the real world a long time ago - adds an eerie atmosphere to the game. So if you like the ancient mysterious civilizations of Greece, Egypt, Asia and the stories about them, you should not miss this experience.The Anniversary Edition is the top of the mountain. It contains thousands of technical, gameplay balancing fixes amongst new content due to the integration of the well known Fanpatch (v1.17a). And more patches on the way! Yaay! Worth every penny, but wait until a sale period, because there is usually -75% off and 5€ is a piece of cake for this wonderful game.Note: Be prepared, TQ:AE is a long game: you can easily spend 30-40 hours for a playthrough, and there is two additional difficulty levels, after Normal - Epic - Legendary. Also using TQVaultXL (AE compatible) is recommended, because there are TONS of items in this game, and with several playthrough, you will not collect even a third of them, especially not for all the character builds."
76561198033395447,Recommended,475150,25276557,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Clever28nj,"It's pretty amazing what they did to this game with this edition. I'm addicted all over again and I can see myself playing for many, many hours to come. The fact they gave it to owners of the original for free is impressive, and very much appreciated."
76561197985441427,Recommended,475150,25276498,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Malicky,"Zeus bless steam cloud, no more lost saves. Now invite your friends prepare mouse for endless clics and start again."
,Recommended,475150,25312475,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,MoPHL,"Well deserved revival of an absolute classic action RPG, and very well handled by the new company.If you liked the original, you will love this one.If you've never played this game, you should really give it a try, it's a great game."
76561197990314940,Recommended,475150,30249860,Posted: 28 February,all,MadCat,This game fueled my interest in mythology while in hs. if you like a diablo style button mashing rpg mixed with ancient mythology than this is the game for you!Most of the locations you visit in-game are real places and the game plays on the myths surrounding those areas in the ancient world. Good game for rpg/fantasy lovers and anyone who enjoys ancient classical history/mythology.9/10 would kill medusa again
76561198069159152,Recommended,475150,30348980,Posted: 5 March,all,wrb41977,"The updated version of the two original games, the Anniversary Edition has a few more bells and whistles, yet retains the same feel of the original. Now with Steam Cards and Achievements!Still would recommend this game."
76561197975369894,Recommended,475150,32791398,Posted: 25 June,all,bigbryon,Good times.  One of my favorite games.
,Recommended,475150,31443755,Posted: 29 April,all,DoubleR,"I played this game only after the Anniversary Edition came out, knowing about the game for a longer time but never getting around to actually playing it. I have to say, even though it does feel somewhat outdated in some places, I did really enjoy this game.The theme, the music, the way you can build your character, all excellent. There is not really an interesting story here if you are looking for that kind of game. If you are, however, looking for a big RPG more like diablo II than III, set in some great ancient timeperiods, then this is the game for you. I spent 40 hours completing the full main story and all of it sides quests and I am happy to have spend that time with this game.Other people have been talking about the big increase in difficulty from act 3 to 4. You can clearly see it was made as an expension assuming people also played around in higher difficulties and therefore gained higher levels. I was level 32 or 33 when moving from act 3 to 4 but because of the most frustrating part of the game as a result of the difficulty spike, I decided to grind some more levels. I then went back into act 4 as a level 36/37 and regained my love for this game.Would the game have been better without act 4? Perhaps. Even though act 4 does have some fun parts, if you do not have all the time in the world, you would not really miss out playing until act 3 and calling it a day.Overall: 8/10"
76561198158903081,Recommended,475150,32888014,Posted: 27 June,all,eleonsal,"The same fun as Diablo, the loot and diferent kind of loot, as magic, rare etc, all the familiar diablo stuff with a greek and egyptian mithology setting and an interesting class system, because at the beginning, you don select any class but as you level up the you are selecting and customizing your class, nice graphics and fun game."
76561197995181120,Recommended,475150,25654118,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,DanielJMist,"I must say, this is one of the best games I played.Everytime I play it, I find something new, amazing - beautiful !If I remember correctly I bought this game like 7 years ago and it was not on steam until... I do not know check it out yourself. :DIf you received this game for free, you are true Titan Quest player AND my friend, same goes with people that bought this amazing masterpiece.If you are not sure to buy this game, watch some videos and trailer. Look at pros and cons comments.Try demo version (yes there is free demo version of first Titan Quest).So, yes. Buy this game and play it. It's not free, but AMAZING.Well, if you like beautiful landscapes, challenges, huge bosses and mythology, this is game for YOU !"
76561198005396675,Recommended,475150,25274635,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,MaIheX,"This is the best ARPG/""Hack and Slash"" I've played, even to this day. With this Anniversary Edition it has no equals. And I've played a huge amount of other similar games to compare to. Not even legends like D2 LoD can match this one (btw I loved D2, so that says a lot)."
,Recommended,475150,32785465,Posted: 25 June,all,Cthulhu,"Punch things, get loots, see the world.Repeat. Three times.Feels good."
76561198039399209,Recommended,475150,25647418,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Raserei,"Awesome ARPG! If you are a fan of Grim Dawn or just ARPG's in general, this game is amazing!"
,Recommended,475150,25309250,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Paradise Decay,"This video features a Quick Look @ the gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2NuJFvR68twMy Thoughts:There is no disputing this is probably one of my favourite RPG's of all time! For a 10 year old game the quality of this product is still amazing. With the Anniversary Edition having everything in 1 product this is an amazing deal. If you love games like Diablo, Grim Dawn, Torchlight you're in for a treat!Game Details:For its 10 year anniversary, Titan Quest will shine in new splendour. This Anniversary Edition combines both Titan Quest and Titan Quest Immortal Throne in one game, and has been given a massive overhaul for the ultimate ARPG experience."
,Recommended,475150,25760978,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,ProtagorasEmber,"I love this game.   One of my favorite computer games of all time, I owned the original on one of Steam's now defunct competitors and when I saw this on the store, and one sale, it was an instant buy.   I currently have a low-end PC and yet this game still runs perfectly smooth while still looking gorgeous.   I have been scouring all of Steam looking for another ARPG that will stack up to this game and offer the same amount of depth and I cannot find such a game (Grim Dawn is not an option on my current PC).   What I should be doing is spend more time playing this game instead."
,Recommended,475150,25275624,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,razzkie,"As a fan of TQ almost from the beginning, I have to say: This game is finally getting proper treatment.Seriously, Don't hesitate to buy this, think about which 2 classes would you choose to destroy your opponents and expect a lot of fun. I don't want to go full TL;DR, so follow the steps:-get a comfortable chair-get a good drink-launch TQ-kick some ancient asses-'Oh, it's tomorrow already?' - that's what TQ is about - you can immerse.REFRESH:After beating game and reaching level 66 I'm really impressed - 1.3 version is the best as far as balance is concerned. Monsters have now better AI - archers do like kiting, combat is more challenging and satisfying that way.Still waiting for more storage space though, my next vault character will be 29th :D"
,Recommended,475150,28130237,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Emerald Phoenix,"Game has been re-released, updated, and continues to get updates...Just buy the game and give it a go.It's still getting so much love so long after release, that means it's worth your time and money."
76561198040573223,Recommended,475150,30827873,Posted: 29 March,all,Grim,"One among the best ARPGS from Diablo 2 time universe having greek mythology.Pros:You are allowed to choose 2 different class for the same character and the combinations doing it and matching with various skills is really good.Graphics is also good, connecting to Multiplayer is made eaiser in this version. Random loot system.Cons:Grinding to go to high tier levels will take a lot of time.Getting perfect weapons will take time and patience.Overall very good game for the price. If you line ARPGS then is a must try."
,Recommended,475150,33106320,Posted: 1 July,all,Necrosumao,I really like this game if you like diablo like gameplay you should try this game.
76561198088231785,Recommended,475150,25581687,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Commandjo,Very good diablo like game. This remastered edition worked fine for me up to this point. If you like the genre give it a go.
76561198012626337,Recommended,475150,30032967,Posted: 19 February,all,Hellios Rayearth,"***This Review was made from the perspective of it being an A-RPG/Hack-and-Slash. So if you are not a fan of the genre, this game may not be for you.Played 1000s of hours on the Pre-Anniversary version, and I plan to do the same here.  The Original game has always been solid thanks to the very active modding community that kept it alive all these years; and with the revival of its Multiplayer expect that its following will just be as strong in the years to come.Rating(s):A bigMUST-PLAYrecommendation for players wanting to try this title out. If you are an A-RPG fan or liked some sort of it in the past, you'll definitely love this. This is still much more superior than it's alleged soul successor,Grim Dawn.Visuals & Graphics: 8/10Outdated graphics but that is something that is to be expected from a 10+ year old game. For it's time it was good, with nice creature and landscape designs. What I liked in particular is the dungeon structure of this game. New areas accessible in a continium fashion and disturbed by any loading sequences. It adds + points to immersion in that way. I'm a big fan of the designs in particular because I was a big fan of Roman/Greek/Egyptian myths as a kid. So having an A-RPG completely dedicated to that Mythological inspiration was very exciting for me.Music and Sound: 10/10It's really infectious, I love the OST and I would say is one of the game's strongest points. Certain points of the game just pumps your blood up, and takes away the bore from the grind. Voice overs are decent enough quality, and far better than what was expected from a startup game development company, who was developing their first game.Plot/Story: 5/10Like most A-RPGs plotline is shallow, even amongst the best of them, this just isnt the strong point of this genre. However, since it's based on Greek/Egyptian/Asian Mythology I'll give it extra points for that.Lore: 6/10Lore was mediocre at best. This is usually what compensates for the shallow plots of A-RPGs. Anyone who is familiar with Greek/Egyptian/Asian Mythology would notice that they have intentionally misused the Gods' original stories to create some sort of coherence withing the story line. While that in itself is fine, side-quests didn't do much to add to the back-story. It was more fun and interesting to read through the limited NPC banters that actually do give their insights on the story and add tid-bits to the lore.Gameplay and Mechanics: 9/10Pros:+ Free Quick Travel + Location Portals+ Gameplay Speed Adjustment (a very good change from the original. This eases ""speed-runs"" and alleviates boredom during farm/level grinding sessions)+ introduces x number of base-classes, which the player can combine to create an entirely new profession. The different kinds of synergy produced largely impacts your gameplay experience. This only means one thing, HUGE amounts of replay value. As supposed to the more common A-RPG formula that have x number of base classes with 3 skill trees+ DIVERSITY in classes. You will feel the difference in playstyles when you start off with a different class. You mix this with the class combination system and replay value improves+ Has extensive loot system; you can spend literally 1000s of hours collecting Epics/Legendaries and Rare MIs+ During it's time it had good equipment upgrade options, and paved way to a more complex upgrade system now found in Grim Dawn+ Rebalance Changes - broken exploitable mechanics in the Original Game+Expansion were nerfed. Difficulty was increased through monster and boss buffs.+ Inventory Size is increased significantly.Cons:- Timed potions; I guess this is a balance issue since the potions in this game act as both heal and HP regen for any amount overhealed. However, it's still a mechanic I didn't quite enjoy.- Crafting system was limited to artifacts. Creating more diverse gear ala D2 Horadric Cube recipes would have made for some interesting possibilities in terms of gameplay and gear options.- Usage of procs were shallow and were mostly limited to artifacts. A better implementation and balance of this feature on certain gear would have improved gameplay and added more versatility for some classes.- Drop %'s of monsters are complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ In the original version, I've played a version that used a revised version of the loot tables of the original game. Played it for 8+ years and am not even close to having an extensive amount of gear relative to the amount of hours played. Played the Anniversary version for about 500+ hours now, and I'd have to say that it's not much different.Shout-Outs:A big slap in the face, sh.it in a tissue mixed with your family's dinner, to the idiot who decided to disable achievements with mods. May you die a slow gruesome death and may your family break their own backs to make you humble... I mean it. F U. Whoever you are."
,Recommended,475150,25281432,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,yxman,"free for everyone who owns titanquest before, great example of a good remake. thanks thq nordic!"
,Recommended,475150,34762173,Posted: 5 September,all,Shalaa,Loved it in 2006 and still love it in 2017 <3I've played the original version on Steam. This came after it.
,Recommended,475150,29095970,Posted: 7 January,all,-(smk)- the Turtle Tamer,"I have been playing Titan Quest for almost 10 years now...I've probably put over 1,000 hours into it altogether.This game is just a lot of fun. It's a well-balanced ARPG with a cool theme and an enjoyable story. The mythology aspect of the game is really cool, and quite different from most 'gritty' arpgs out there.There are hundreds of pieces of unique gear, 3 difficulty levels with additional bosses and loot, and hybrid class combinations to keep the fun coming for hours on end. Not to mention that for the anniversary edition, they managed to update a 10 year old game, fixing bugs, smoothing out the UI and adding plenty more to keep the game feeling fresh and fun.Yes, buy this game if you are wondering, it is more than worth it."
76561197995781174,Recommended,475150,25373044,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,hedgewitch,"Just an excellent ARPG, and the reworking has only improved the experience. I've been playing the Titan Quest franchise since it came out ten years ago, and have always loved the game, despite a lot of flaws and bugs that were only addressed in fanpatches because the originl developer, Iron Lore, folded (and came back again as Crate Entertainment, with Grim DAwn--but that's another story.) The Anniversary edition by THQNordic includes most of the fanpatch fixes as well as a slew of other improvements and balance adjustments, and plays like a dream on my Win 8.1 PC. If you are an ARPG fan who has somehow missed this title, now is a great time to get into it. Or back into it. Highly recommended for addictive gameplay and depth."
,Recommended,475150,25366711,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Captain Balu,"I can hardly believe that 10 years have already passed.Titan Quest was one of the best Diablo clone back in 2006 and with the new improvements, it's still a must-have buy.Thank you THQNordic, you're awesome and a lot of developers should have take lessons from your attitude."
76561198026578634,Recommended,475150,27982957,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mortir (Slo),10 years old and still purrs like a kitten. 10/10 for standing the test of time!
,Recommended,475150,25279989,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Mrfatpepper,Love it! Both games in one!
,Recommended,475150,25282502,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,kababowie,What a lovely surprise! Titan Quest is back with massive improvements and the Steamy goodies. Thank you THQ!
76561197991065560,Recommended,475150,26202071,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,kokane,The GoodPlenty of entertaining loot grinding to be hadDecent detail when zoomed in closeUnlimited exit portal use is just lovelyThe BadSome very noticeable stutteringAn incredibly awkward inventory management systemObnoxiously tiny textContextual commands sometimes get in the way100% will play again
76561198121806591,Recommended,475150,25278398,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Neo,"It's a gift for old Titan Quest player.Thank you,especially for chinese language."
76561198188972590,Recommended,475150,25358838,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,BUiLDSg92,still the perfect game!still in my memmory and feelling.**but it have a little lag problem i don't know why and how to fix it!
,Recommended,475150,33258137,Posted: 4 July,all,Dr. Modalot,"This is quite possibly the best Isometric RPG game I've ever played. Take the newer look of Diablo 3, many of the gameplay aspects of Diablo 2, and give it a new coat of Greek Mythology, and you have yourself a fantastic, and heavily replayable roleplaying adventure!"
,Recommended,475150,25459870,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Dr. Hunterz,"Since this one of the very 1st ARPG games I ever played, I wasn't really sure about the ""Anniversary"" whole thing. I was wrong though, because it's, without exaggeration, currently one of the best ARPG games someone can play. It's Titan Quest on steroids, without doupt. I can spend hours playing without feeling bored.-Hundred of Bugfixes-Balances to all Masteries-Quality of Life additions, such as Quick Potion/Gold Pickup (amen)-Better (or at least more fair) drop rates-Better AI for both pets and enemies-It's TQ and TQ:IT combined, which means you only need to buy THIS, and you have both-Steam friendly (connect via Steam multiplayer)-Owners of TQ get this edition for free (something I didn't really expect to happen)And these are extremely few in comparison with those listed in the official changelog.This game was great. Now, it's just awesome10/10 without doupt"
76561198025321433,Recommended,475150,25287856,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,American Currency,"Titan Quest has always been one of my favourite ARPGs and now there is the Anniversary Edition with the addon, free for all TQ owners and only 5 Euros (at the moment) if you do not have it - an absolute steal.Titan Quest plays in ancient times and has you traverse multiple old kingdoms, like Greece, Egypt and China. It plays well and fans of ARPGs like Diablo, Grim Dawn or POE will love it. The anniversary edition brings with it a lot of changes that fix annoyances the original had, makes coop and modding as easy as can be with the integration of steam friends list and workshop, and provides the game with increased longevity, with the added benefit of bringing in some balance changes the original desperately needed.Pros:-beautiful and detailed world and graphics that still look great 10 years later-plethora of loot to be found and variety of different monsters-9 different classes in the game (Storm, Earth, Warfare, Defense, Hunting, Rogue, Nature, Spirit and Dream) that you can mix and match (you can be 2 classes at the same time) providing you with tactical possibilites-challenging enough to be fun but not so hard to make you frustrated (unless you play the higher difficulties that unlock later on)-Addon included, giving you new areas and more story-the whole game feels like a journey and by the end you will really be able to look back and see how far you've come-a lot of mythological content true to it's source, if you are a fan of that (I am)-the game is long for an arpg but provides nice changes in scenery frequently and every location feels like it would in real life - egypt is mostly sand and pyramids with ruins, greece has greece style villages and temples etc.. Everything is true to life and/or mythology (creatures...)Neither Pros nor Cons:-the armor and weapons in the game are boring by normal arpg standard, however fit perfectly into the lore and timeline (with weapons like the gladius for example)-visual upgrades of your character are slowly progressing as stronger weapons and armor always only look marginally better than the previous ones you wore, and legendary/rare armor and weapons do not look all that flashy (though still good - again, it's based on actual mythology so it makes sense everything looks the way it does)-character creation is extremely limited - choose between male/female, 5 tunic colors and give yourself a name. That is all you can do with your look and every male/female character has the same looks and face (since you never really look at them closeup though it is not too much of a problem)Cons:-weak sound effects-spells and skills as well as normal attacks lack impact (due to weak sound effects and impactless animations) and can cause confusion - it is often not clear when a specific skill (mostly passives) are in effect and on higher resolutions the buff/debuff icons are very small, which makes it even harder to figure out what hurts or helps you-you only get very few skill points (3 per level), leveling gets increasingly harder with every level and since most skills have up to 12 (and sometimes even more) levels that all cost one skill point, itcan make the decision of which skill to level (or to just put the points in the mastery itself which unlocks new skills) very difficult at times, especially since every mastery has like 20 different skills and passives (though you can also see this as a plus because of the variety)-very ""meh"" animations and spell effects, though the game is about 10 years old (graphics still hold up though and look timelessly beautiful)-the game can get somewhat of a slog later on - it encourages exploring but, as mentioned, is long, which eventually makes you just want to skip exploring and go on with the story (exploring should be done regardless as it's rewarding but it can drag on sometimes, especially later when some areas become too big for their own good)Conclusion:TQ is a great ARPG that every ARPG fan should play. It is cheap, beautiful and, despite the fact that its age starts showing, timeless and plays well still.The anniversary edition fixed a lot of small flaws the original had while adding in easy modding support and ability to invite friends easily to play with you.This is the definitive Titan Quest Experience - a game everyone should play!Personal Score: 8/10"
,Recommended,475150,25289985,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,KizArt,"best arpg ever!but sadly ,multiplayer isn't working really well at the momentserver browser refrehing every second,can't find the game i was looking for because i can't scroll it downtried to directly invite friend ,still not workingi was hoping to play it with my friend,hope they fix it sooneri still recommend it for the single player experienceEdit:multiplayer works really well nowno more reason to not buy this game,get it now!"
76561198158580287,Recommended,475150,25286991,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,marsoon,A Diablo-like game. Graphics are surprisingly gorgeous for a game that was released 10 years ago.
,Recommended,475150,25277798,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,PancakeWizard,"Note: I received this game for free for having bought the original version.Still a great game and if you're into ARPGs and never played it, now is the time to do so. Played it a while ago? This update makes it worth a revist, and the multiplayer is fully Steamworks integerated now.If you want to know the developer pedigree:Diablo 2 -->  Titan Quest --> Grim Dawn."
76561197967164136,Recommended,475150,25346713,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Trashbag,"TQ was always a really good alternative after Diablo 2, but it felt kind of slow-paced and suffered from some slowdown in the engine at times. This remaster is very well done, the game looks great, and being able to speed up the game makes it a lot more enjoyable. If you're looking for an ARPG to fill the void and you've never played Titan Quest, then this is definitely worth it. You'll get several hundred hours out of the game and creating your own builds can be pretty rewarding.I strongly suggest playing the game on very fast, and (at the time of this review) possibly subscribing to the XMAX mod for at least 2x monsters (or more) as the monster packs are somewhat small on default."
,Recommended,475150,25406226,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Evilsbane,"This Anniversary Edition is awesome, thank you so much for updating this.It fixes most of the problems this game had running on a modern system and combines it with the expansion and has a huge list of bug fixes, tweaked inventory, and proper resolution support!Edit: After 39 hours with my first run the game has been great, there is some strange stuttering/pausing that happens but its pretty infrequent I believe it is literally something to do with the engine itself and not the fault of the redevelopment and I would recommend using something like steam mover to throw this on a SSD it seemed to make the pausing happen way less and shortened the amount of time it was stuttering.The game is a little older but graphically it still looks fairly sharp and the shadows are actually downright impressive. The game doesn't really pick up till you get past the first act give it a little time, once you start really drilling down the character your making and your attack speed starts hitting the big numbers it really picks up the pace, going from 1-20 takes way longer than 21-30."
76561198034587524,Recommended,475150,25443899,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Compertz,It's great to experience TQ again. One of my favorite games. Just thought Id start up a game for fun and I've spent a stupid amount of time playing it. The games just rolls on. Even against Grim Dawn it still works! Just brilliant. Thanks to all who optimized and fixed it. Much appreciated.
,Recommended,475150,25315450,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Mr.Hugh,A classic redone and free! Best publisher ever!
,Recommended,475150,25371576,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Leofwin,"A lot of quest, a lot of titans, a lot of weapons and amazing gameplay. Better than ""Diablo 3"". One of my favorite games!"
,Recommended,475150,25332185,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,smokescreen,"Re-release of one of the best action RPGs available. Greatly improved graphics, rebalanced skills, bugs fixed. Co-op network play is back!"
,Recommended,475150,35249418,Posted: 27 September,all,Gone Sailing,"Well, after getting back into my drive to play this game and completing it, I felt like it was wrong to not make a review for this new edition.But where do I start for a game that was so special to me, that still holds a soft spot in my heart, being that it's the reason why I fell in love with greek mythology? I really wouldn't know. What I can tell you, though, is that despite the inaccuracies (that are obviously made for the sake of the game's plot, since it's more of an insertion of yourself than a retelling of the greek myths), I feel like the devs made some fantastic work capturing the aesthetics and atmosphere of the places you go to as the game progresses, and the plot manages to be surprisingly cohesive and well built, although the pacing might feel a bit rushed.The combat system is very solid and it feels great to level up and unlock more and more of your character's extents (even more if you're like me, a sucker for mainly warfare builds and love charging headlong into hordes and massacring them all), although you have to figure out by yourself how to level the specific build you might be going for.The soundtrack would be probably one of the few elements that I consider to be weak from the game, given that most of the time it's the same theme, only re-orchestrated, or slowed/pitched down, but that's mostly me probably giving that part too much attention.As to the complaints I have with the game? They're very few, but one of my major complaints is that, as the game progresses, the secondary damage types (bleeding, vitality, energy, etc., along with disabling abilities) become more and more present, especially in the Hades, yet the drop system still focuses only on the main elements, which by this point you most likely are geared for, so it ends up in you getting absolutely torn to shreds by the Soul Carver Empusas or even mini-bosses like the Machae Generals, let alone the bosses themselves.A little minor nitpick I'd make (because, honestly, it doesn't really affect the game as to call it a complaint) is that the voice acting tends to be very repetitive, being that everybody uses the same accent barring a few bosses and Zeus after you kill Typhon.That being said, and this is probably what you're reading this wall of text for: is the game worth it? Yes. Absolutely. The game on it's own offers you plenty of content and places to explore. The masteries and their combinations are varied, interesting and they all just further cement the game's replay value, along with the bosses that appear from Epic onwards such as Boar Snatcher, the Hydra or even the Dragon Lich. It's worth every single cent (and to be fair, the $20 price tag seems almost generous considering how much content it has)This game is highly recommendable to anybody that is into ARPGs, especially those of you who were big into Diablo II back in it's heyday.PS: The game might also have some technical issues, like giving you a flatout black screen if you alt-tab or crashing/freezing on Win10. If you have said OS, there's obviously a safemode choice for it.PS2: It was fairly nice from the new devs to be generous to those who had the original game and give it to them for free. Thanks a ton, THQ Nordic."
,Recommended,475150,25336835,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Meat Vegetable,"You know I'm not usually fond of loot grind games, but there is something special about this game, I had never played it prior to today, and to be honest, it is great."
76561198053123611,Recommended,475150,25606446,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,gar1948,"This is an A-number one hack and slash game. It is not ""Dungeons and Dragons"" but it gives the same satisfaction in climbing from level to level. As I write this review I've already played about 50 hours and I know I still have a long way to go before I finish it. More importantly to me, I know I will finish it. That is more than I can say for most of the other 40+ games I have on steam."
76561197965030095,Recommended,475150,25371394,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Reverend Ryk,"Still one of the best ARPGs out on the market. it ran beautifully before this updated version, and still runs and looks as good as anything on the market, if not more so. Good lookng character models, and nice textures keep it from having the cartoony look of so many of todays ARPGs. Kudos on THQ Nordic for putting together a fine proiduct and for even listening to the fans and taking countless amounts of fan patches and turning them into this complete product."
,Recommended,475150,31510548,Posted: 2 May,all,Gabroik,"I bought Titan Quest and its expansion and played a lot. Later I've received this vesion and I can say It's a lot better. It has good graphics for a TQ game and gameplay is very fun, despite of being a little repetitive after a while.Anyway, it's a great improvement.9/10"
76561198054633676,Recommended,475150,28836522,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,jaysetsfire,"Diablo II - Greek Mythology version. Has kind of an old school feel, although graphics in the AE are really absolutely nice (and your PC will probably run it butter smooth!), especially if you use SweetFX.Got this for EUR 4.99 on sale, absolutely worth it. I did love Diablo II back in the day, though, tbh :)"
76561198125587758,Recommended,475150,25276586,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,kowariantny,I would like to thank you for balancing this awesome game and improving its performance.  I will gladly go back to this classic.
,Recommended,475150,25286551,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Feel,Is this a dream ?!A free dream !!
76561198021301456,Recommended,475150,34622501,Posted: 30 August,all,Hesho1962,"Good story , excellent music , awesome graphics ,.... this is the best RPG game I ever played , much better than Diablo 2"
76561198043674105,Recommended,475150,25334767,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,tlh.67,"I am loving the new Anniversary Edition of Titan Quest!  SOOOOO awesome that the devs have embraced the community that has grown up around this game and its expansion, Immortal Throne(included in this edition!).  Here it is, 10 years after it was released, the company exists no more - R.I.P. Iron Lore - yet this GREAT edition is released, fixing bugs, balancing gameplay, items, etc.  THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU"
,Recommended,475150,25278777,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,mcgreybeard,One of the best ARPGs there is. Love the setting and mythology that is involved in the game.
,Recommended,475150,26071559,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,mynameismonkey,"Titan Mission is a hack and cut activity envisioning delight, for those acquainted with redirections like Diablo and Way of Outcast the gameplay will feel on an extremely fundamental level the same as those sorts of excitements. You fill the part of an impossible to miss man or ladies doing battling outdated unfathomable animals over the timberlands of Greece, the sands of Egypt, the patio nurseries of Babylon and that is only the tip of the ice rack. What makes Titan Mission ascend out of the resistance is its outstanding Dominance bent framework. This look like a class structure, where you can pick a prevalence to fit your favored play style, for instance the ""Doing combating"" power is superb for warriors who you require some capacity in conflict weapons, the Tempest power is brain boggling for playing a wizard sort character and so forth, there are up to nine specific powers each having its own particular exceptional arrangement of component aptitudes furthermore unapproachable cutoff points.Where it gets intriguing is that in the wake of achieving level eight, you can pick a second power. This thinks about a huge measure of various mixes understanding a ton of produces you can attempt diverse things with basically persevering out character and class all your own. How you make and shape your sacred individual is altogether up to you and whichever way you pick it's convenient a noteworthy part of the time. Truth be told as a not exactly tried and true control you won't not pick a second power and basically stay with one quality in the event that you anticipated that would.As you inspect the obsolete world doing fighting animals like minotaurs, the undead, or whatever else is out there you'll get experience and level up. After walk up you'll get three limit focuses to spend on quality aptitudes moreover two property focuses. This can be put into your thriving, centrality, quality, skill or learning. All gear you find in the distraction will have a detail vital relying on the thing, bows will require slant while metal covering will require quality. Genuinely key stuff here that you've certainly observed some time starting late.Titan Mission comparably has a fascinating advance structure to help the cutoff motivations behind your weapons and stronghold. As you fight savages they may drop an offer, or rather a touch of one. A touch of a demand can be utilized on your contraption, they generally speaking let you know which sorts are germane for the progress. Regardless in the event that you have different bits of tantamount claim you can oblige them to broaden the impact given by that offer. To take things much further, you'll find arcane equation arbitrarily from executing animals, this can be utilized at an entertainer organized as a bit of most towns and towns. The equation will require a cluster of finished charms, yet the result are some astounding consequences for your apparatus.Dreadfully like most ARPGs this present redirection's story is missing, however on the other hand these sorts of entertainments are never crucial for their story. For instance what still bothers me is the nonattendance of any foundation story for the rule sacred individual. You sort of basically show up and essentially begin butchering creatures, which is all mind boggling fun and all, yet conforming more about your character and getting attached to them obviously would've been a superior than normal touch. In any case, to the degree story goes in this redirection, generally somebody or something has unleashed the titans, a race of capable creatures who were settled away by the amazing animals after a long fight, now these beasts have been discharged and are wreaking pulverization wherever all through the outdated world.While looking into you can really get a not all that terrible piece of legend from townsfolk about the old radiant animals which I acknowledged was out and out incredible. In like way this beguilement is stacked with sidequests, you'll see each one of them over towns or while out adventuring. Some of these missions have some completely gainful prizes, for example, extra property focuses and authority focuses. Typically the reward is essentially experience in any case.In like way neglect to confirm that like most development RPGs, this redirection highlights three burden levels. They are opened subsequent to beating the pleasure on the past level, fundamentally they resemble Another Diversion + highlight where your character's gear and limits proceed. You'll likewise be able to discover stunningly more grounded hardware from savages.While most zones of the pleasure are straight, uncommon degrees are secured with side cells. While distinctive, the overwhelming part of these regions don't offer much, some additional experience and a midsection with the likelihood of some exceptional plunder. Some of the time you'll locate a side journey in any case, so I generally trusted that it was upheld, disregarding all the burden to look at each antechamber and separated, at any rate on my first play through of the joy. Essentially fundamental that the whole redirection explores transversely more than four acts.Titan Mission applauds its ten year recognition with an extraordinary version of the redirection that joins boundless changes, rebalances and enhancements. I exceedingly suggest both veteran players and new players to look at the redirection. In the occasion that you're giving back, it's most likely legitimized paying little personality to another play through just to see every one of the redesigns made to the distraction, practically making it a totally new issue. If you're new to the distraction, Titan Mission is really not to a great degree troublesome at all mechanics savvy, it is something you can without a considerable amount of a broaden get and play solo, with a few partners, or on the off chance that you need to bounce into a sporadic joy on multiplayer. Moreover that with Steam Workshop you can discover extra substance for your redirection like custom maps and gameplay changes if you're needing to flavor things up. One of the best parts of this stimulation must be the slant framework, being able to blend and match all the specific forces, aptitudes and breaking points, close-by extraordinary weapons and certification leaves a lot of replayability for the player to trial and try different dominances and limits.As continually a commitment of thankfulness is all together to examine my diagram, on the off chance that you have any demand concerning the enjoyment itself, the recognition release, or basically need to share your own particular experience don't defer to do in light of current circumstances in the remarks underneath.(All reviews are retrieved from the Internet and piped through a succession of synonym tools three times both for humour and to save time. In my religion, this is known as Art(TM), but you can call it ""Threewording"")"
,Recommended,475150,25320177,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Kiivi,God bless Titan Quest!
,Recommended,475150,30367688,Posted: 6 March,all,(_)_):::()()()():::D ~o,Great devs great game. honor these guys before their all gone and we are left with alpha early release and 200 dollar dlc devs
,Recommended,475150,25277848,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Seemann,"I spend hundreds of hours on this game back in the days,Thanks to THQ Nordic I guess I will spend some more hours !"
76561198101268853,Recommended,475150,25391849,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Stygian Lurker,"I played Titan Quest and Immortal Throne quite a lot before it came to Steam. It is my favourite ARPG of all times. Cannot recommend it enough, 11/10."
,Recommended,475150,25353962,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Bender Bending Rodriguez,For me this is better than Diablo 2
,Recommended,475150,25392316,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,[DJ] Pope Francis,Good thing they fixed Steam Cloud and frequent crashes. One of the best RPGs in the veins of Diablo and Torchlight! Definitely get this while it's on sale!
,Recommended,475150,25393749,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,hamfish86,"If you like Diablo and/or Diablo II then you will love this. Same style of game to the Diablo series but set in Greek Mythology giving it a familiar sense (references to hero's, enemies and gods you will have heard of) In higher resolutions I am pleasantly surprised with the graphics. For me, I found I could not stop playing until the early hours. Solid Game!"
76561198063848586,Recommended,475150,33540445,Posted: 14 July,all,Hagiel,"This game has Manliness in it . Go for it ,solid 8/10 for everything"
,Recommended,475150,25396174,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Nemmay,"Damn, I'm honestly impressed that they updated such an old series of games with so many bug fixes; buy it, you can't go wrong here."
,Recommended,475150,25856795,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Kipkixx,The game that i could play everytime and never get bored playing
76561198226152136,Recommended,475150,26113405,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Sector 17,"Its well time i posted a review on Titan Quest.As a long time fan of THQ games like Supreme Commander i can say beyound a doubt Titan Quest has always been a great ARPG.  Its not really even a Diablo clone its its own game.  Very few games have ever been made to the best of my knowledge set in a classical time period featuring ARPG gameplay, the thing about Titan Quest is its closer to real life and somewhat believable even if a sprinkling of fiction is in there for good measure.If you love Spartan Wars and all that jazz i 100% recommend buying this ideally in a sale but anytime is good.  With the Anniversary edition the game has been taken to another level, first and foremost was the restoration of online play.  Online play was the single biggest thing missing from TQ Since long before THQ went bankrupt.  If you want something darn close to Diablo2 with newer graphics and features this is for you.Another very awesome point is THQNordic are regularly updating with some fairly decent sized patchs.  Mostly balance fixs and bug fixs but the odd extra item has been added.  Who knows where it will go if the game continues to grow in popularity, im hoping we will see a DLC release containing some sizeable additional gameplay content and new game modes such as ladder and tournaments.10/10 you cant go wrong if you love ARPGS"
,Recommended,475150,25707352,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,JonMagon,"Помню как установил впервые то ли в 2010, то ли в 2011 - неизмеримый восторг от графики, музыки, сюжета, радость от TQ: IT после прохождения основной линии... Эта игра стала шедевром в своём жанре (наряду с Age of Empires 2), и неудивительно, что её перевыпустили. Игра окупает свою цену полностью - она возвращает в детство.---I remember first install, when I was amazed by graphic, music, storyline and addon TQ: IT. This is a masterpiece like Age of Empires 2, so now I'm really happy. The game is worth buying, it returns you to childhood."
76561198089213257,Recommended,475150,25811700,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Mistwolf,"Bought this on sale for 5 bucks. One of the best purchases i've made on steam. This game great. If you enjoy games like diablo 2 or path of exile, this will be right up your alley. Lots of variety in classes and play styles make the game even more fun with lots of replayability. The story and maps might be the same, but how you tackle them changes. Even using the same class or combo of classes can lead to diff styles of combat. I highly recommend this game. I've logged nearly 100 hours in it, and dont plan on stopping anytime soon!"
76561197975238415,Recommended,475150,25291100,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Jersey77,"As far as action RPGs go, this one is definitely one of the best ever. Released back in the summer of 2006, Titan Quest was one of those games I immediately had to have upon seeing a gameplay video of it. After buying the CD version of it and eventually the expansion Immortal Throne (released in 2007), I sunk probably more hours into it than I did all the Diablos combined.Titan Quest had a few mechanics unique to the genre at the time. Firstly, there are 9 (8 before Immortal Throne) masteries. Masteries are sorta like the class system of the game. When your character hits level 2, you pick your first one. Things get interesting when you hit level 8. You get to choose a second mastery and once you do your class title changes to reflect it (i.e. Warfare + Defense = Conqueror). This creates up to 36 different possible classes, 45 if you decide to just use one Mastery (there are achievements for that). Your Mastery decisions will greatly alter how you play each time, adding quite a lot of replayabiliy.The story is thus, monsters have started to arrive and attack all of ancient Greece, Egypt, and Babylon. Led by generals called Telkines, they seek to free the one remaining Titan from captivity to defeat the worlds gods. You play a Grecian warrior pulled into the conflict when the city around you is assaulted. Along the way you get loot (monsters drop what they are actually holding, another new feature to the action RPG) and fight many mythical creatures and bosses. Once the main campaign is done, Immortal Throne adds several more hours as you head to the Underworld to fight Hades who has gone insane.Titan Quest was amazing upon release, but a few bugs were never patched up entirely when Iron Lore Entertainment went kaput. Thankfully this game developed an incredibly devoted fan following who released their own patches to fix a lot of the minor issues that Iron Lores ending left intact. The Anniversary Edition takes quite a few of those fixes and puts them into this version of the game, making it a very smooth gameplay from start to finish.Honestly, Titan Quest is probably my favorite action RPG of all time (yes, even considering Diablo 2). This version combines both the original and expansion and adds Steam achievements and trading cards. It also fixes a few flaws from the original game and it plays very well considering it technically came out 10 years ago. You really could not go wrong picking this game up right now and I do highly recommend it (as well as Grim Dawn, made by the former people who were in Iron Lore, but that will be another review down the road). If you are a fan of the Diablos, pick this one up."
76561197999865838,Recommended,475150,25279977,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,kickingsquid,"It's runs well, and looks very nice at 2560x1440. Been a few hiccups, but I don't know how much is shonkiness in the release, and how much is related to a new Win10 update.It scales nicely, and the only time the models look dated are when I zoom in all the way.If you've played TQ, then what I write is superfluous.If you're new to Titan Quest, it's a good time to jump in and just go."
76561198004625446,Recommended,475150,25280576,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Almegedus,"You guys are awesome, my whole online group has been waiting for this day !! As I have always said about TQ crisp graphics, fun gameplay, great story. Vibrant, colorful and clean. I fully recommend this product, its worth much more than what the cost is right now. !! I received  for free because I had bought the other two on steam, spent many many hours playing and would have easily paid for this product again."
76561198042081391,Recommended,475150,25353858,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Alphadroide,One of the best RPG-Games on the world of all time. I can't say more words. Just play it.
,Recommended,475150,25278033,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Cody712,really good game
76561198024469649,Recommended,475150,25283788,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,DumbCustomer,"Awesome update.Gamelooks gorgeous even on modest configs dnad runs beautifully (wait and see when stuff gets crazy with effects everywhere ...)User interface is crisp though dcould even be crispier and more sober in my views.The option to speed up the gameplay from mnormal to fast to ultra fast is most amazing !Thanks you forreleasing this august 2016 patch, will sure be looking for your nxt releases now ! ;o)"
,Recommended,475150,25303565,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Pixelfetish,"Amazing update, fluent gameplay. Finesse & ambience.From gamers for gamers, finally better than Diablo 3!Thank you."
76561198038240937,Recommended,475150,25275632,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Breathing Shadow,"Even if I did not play this version for long (I barely even started),I bought the game many years ago, as it first came out in stores.After hundreds and hundreds of hours since then,I just have to say I LOVE this game and after I saw the Anniversary Edition here on Steam,I HAD to buy it again immidiately, even if I owned it already.Every fan of this genre should have played this gem and after this ""advanced version"",nobody has any excuse not to try it, because it's too old or something similar :)Even if it's not on sale, it'll still be worth your money!Thanks so much for this great gift to all of your players!"
76561198042369831,Recommended,475150,25282815,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Wanda ½,"I could never get into Titan Quest due to its extremely slow pace, even though I loved the setting. This version allows you to speed up the game, effectively turning it into the Diablo killer it should always have been. Exploration becomes a joy and combat feels much more impactful.It's still quite pretty to look at too, providing you don't zoom in too close.Do give it another go."
76561198020576701,Recommended,475150,25309150,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Cyn0sure,"I really liked the original Titan Quest and its expansion. Ten years or so ago, I had purchased and played the DVD release. It was very much like Diablo 2, yet also very different. Not quite as good as Diablo 2, maybe, but Titan Quest had its own thing going for it, particularly its mythic Greek setting. And I appreciated that Titan Quest had higher screen resolutions and maybe even better graphics than Diablo 2 did.A couple of years ago, I bought a digital copy of Titan Quest, here on Steam. I installed it and tried it out, but didn't play it much because I found it ran a little wonky on my latest PC. Well, when I saw this updated version, with enhanced features, on sale for $5, I added it to my cart and headed to checkout... where I was informed that I already owned this! Yes, it was a *free* for me, since I already purchased the original edition, here on Steam. Awesome!"
76561197978878971,Recommended,475150,25281255,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Primitive,"Titan Quest is finally back fully playable on modern PC's and for you people who have not played it yet, i hardly recommend you doing so because this game is BEUTIFUL<3. Thank you IronLore and THQ."
76561198049689075,Recommended,475150,34960069,Posted: 14 September,all,Bald Man,"One of the best ARPGs to ever be made.Don't let the old ""It's just a Diablo clone, pay no mind to it"" fool you, for this I can say is even BETTER than the Diablo series in many regards. Not only does fighting ancient real-life gods and monsters sound a lot cooler than fighting the devil, you get to traverse the ancient world like never before. Throughout your journey to slay the Titan that is spawning all these monsters into the land you travel across four major realms: Greece, Egypt, The Orient, MOUNT OLYMPUS, and HADES.These lands house their very own monsters, weapons, armor, music, and so much more that practically make it five games in one, they are all really awesome to traverse through. The soundtrack for not only the different lands but the entire game itself is utterly incredible, the gameplay is smooth and easy to learn and master, the story is extremely epic, I mean how could you make a game about killing ancient monsters and gods not cool?The multiplayer is also awesome and fun to play with friends, adding a lot more hours to the game than just singleplayer which already is at the very least a 40+ hour experience. The modding community, while not as big as other games, is still amazing at delivering custom content and updates to the game. This is also not just the original game with the Immortal Throne DLC, this is a fully REMASTERED edition of both and just make it so much better.All of this makes it my 9th favorite game of all time, no joke, its that good. Don't hesitate to spend bucks on this, you won't be finding yourself outside anytime soon once you do.Not every top-down game has to be a full-on clone of Diablo ladies and gentlemen, remember that."
,Recommended,475150,25475058,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Aquarius,"An absolute classic ARPG and my personal favorite Diablo clone. I had some max level characters backed up from when I had this game an age ago and I picked up right where I left off and started some loot runs. I also had to play it from Act 1 through 4 to relive it again, all of the settings this game uses are really what separates it from the pack. You'll start in the relatively calm Greek countryside and eventually travel to deserts, snowy mountains, underground lairs, lush forests, swamps, and other mythological settings. It has a really nice mix and match synergy centered class system and tons of loot to find. The game is also highly moddable to keep the fun going for a long time. Edit: Borderless support added, thanks devs!My only (very minor) gripe is some of the rubberbanding issues are still present."
,Recommended,475150,25476182,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Kolegator,"Glad to see this classic reborn, and a really nice gesture from the developers giving it for free to the previous owners of TQ!Refurbished, improved, balanced, multiplayer crowded again, really enjoing the whole package!!Sell your Diablo III, buy TQ - IT AE and thank me later!"
76561198177986953,Recommended,475150,25337632,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Truman,"Monster lure doesnt work, i cant kite now wtf!oh andRelease titan quest 3 already for ♥♥♥♥ sake!thanks for updating this gem!"
76561198006555257,Recommended,475150,25609355,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Larzech,"Gods will not save you so you need to save yourselves.This game was good in 2006 and it's still good albeit graphics are dated. The player simply picks two skill trees and their appropriate skills to make a build while progressing through Greek-themed mythology. Each build has its own strengths and weaknesses as well as gear requirements.Oracle (spirit/storm) build is still op as ever. It's a great starter build for newcomers.If you like ARPGs like Diablo 2 then go ahead and buy it.P.S. It has Steam Workshop so it's up to people to mod more content, a big plus in anniversary!I own the original so I got it for free."
,Recommended,475150,25333375,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Wicked Mouse,"This hack & Slash Action RPG came a few years after Diablo II and is set in a background of the Ancient Greek mythology. It looks really good, despite being 10 years old already. And the fact that the developers actually took the time and effort to fix any bugs and make it suitable for modern systems with high(er) resolutions and fixing/adding multiplayer functionality can only be praised!If you are into ARPG and like Greek Mythology this game is certainly worth a look!(For already owning Titan Quest and Titan Quest Immortal Throne, I was given the Anniversary Edition for free! Neat!)"
76561198078688273,Recommended,475150,25654002,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Thorin Pikachu,"I used to play this game as a kid and now I am back in that again. The game has very good gameplay, quite good story and after ""years of development"", bugs are not problem anymore."
76561197998413065,Recommended,475150,27881789,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jedite,"It's a classic, it's $5 and has hundreds of hours of replayability. Get it. It's old school diablo done right."
76561197982493406,Recommended,475150,27845136,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Flash,Very good game 10/10
76561198078015649,Recommended,475150,30894283,Posted: 1 April,all,bot,awesome game. i enjoyed a lot with my friends.worth buying
76561198059625524,Recommended,475150,28973986,Posted: 3 January,all,Wassersäufer,"Titan Quest was always a great ARPG and the Anniversary Edition adds small, but useful features. If you owned TQ on Steam, you get it for free. Thumbs up for not doing a money grab!"
76561197961311902,Recommended,475150,30400501,Posted: 8 March,all,JohnnyRespect,"I've been playinf this game for ten years now and its always my go to when I get bored with another game.  It's also my go to when the servers are down in MMOs.  it has HUGE class combinations that are Tremendous, I still havenet tried them all.  I recieved the anniverary edition for free when they released it.  It's a good polish of the orgininal with more fixes than changes.  Nordic did a good job."
,Recommended,475150,28133200,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,SHODANFreeman,I love it when a game comes out with an awesome update 10 years later for free.
,Recommended,475150,26079167,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Dominik_AT,"One of the best Hack'n Slash Games out there, i can recommend to all players who loves this genre!"
76561198059706885,Recommended,475150,25336876,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,CaffineBandit,"I was so excited to see one of my favorite games surprisingly reborn.Unfortunately after installation the first thing I tried to do was up the resolution to 1080, says restart to take effect. Restart.. no change, after 4 tries I decied to try playing.  Creating a character won't work.  So I guess I'm waiting for the first patch.  Really Disappointed."
,Recommended,475150,25338110,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,bigbadvoodoodady_1,"This rework is great, fixes a lot of things, and game balancing is awesome! can't beat it at the price I bought it 5 bucks."
76561198184983610,Recommended,475150,25656289,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,PrinceXavieR,played this game after many years.still a million miles better than d3 of course..  but after being spoiled by grim dawn.. I could no longer get past another difficulty mode. one difficulty is enough.. the higher levels are not that rewarding.and the items pale in comparison with it's younger sibling..if you are in the fence to buy this game and if you love rpg.. then please support this game and buy... as it will help the devs a lot to update this one with who knows an expansion or even mayabe the'yll make a titan quest 2. (which i hope they partner with crate entertainment  to make one.if you enjoye arpg's... then by all means buy this one... and don't forget to grab grim dawn tooo.. . you can't go wrong with these games..
76561198022676025,Recommended,475150,25281924,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Peeto,"Best 11/10, Played 1000hrs on boxed versions, than rebuy on steam + all of this love with anniversary edition for free for owners, or very very cheap for everybody. I can not recommend it enough and I can not wait to restart game again with all of those new stuffs and improvements!"
76561198054977344,Recommended,475150,25303140,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,dgbellini11,"What was unbereable for me in the original was the speed: just too slow.With the possibility to set it to super fast the game feels a lot better.Also workshop is always a good option. Didn't check any of the balances, but it just feels better now."
,Recommended,475150,25278582,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,C0LK3,Thanks THQ Nordic
76561197990112576,Recommended,475150,25337055,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Gnizia,"Welcome back, TQ."
76561197983222226,Recommended,475150,25391451,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Red Cloud,Awesome game. Played it a long time ago when I bought it on CD and now bought it again.
76561198005527192,Recommended,475150,25378003,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Game_Dude51,"First you must know , I am a guy who hated Diablo 3 and TorchLight 2 . which made me conclude that I just hated this whole genre since I felt it was all uninspired , repetitive and boring (just grinding really) and limited classes. Then I bought Titan Quest Gold (Original Titan Quest + Immortals) played it and loved it ! However , there was one huge flaw that wasn't the game's fault, it was due to GameSpy shutting down really, so there was no multiplayer available for such an awesome game.Though Thanks to Nordic they have supplemented the game (new edition) and brought back multiplayer at no additional charge to the current owners of this old gem <3 !What I mainly love about this game is the mythology and how it kind of feels relatable and well-rounded instead of just a generic fantasy setting with no voice acting even, just text bubbles :P . But here the npcs have fully recorded dialogues and there are even some helpful npcs that help you in battles.Additionally, what is great about this game is the multitude of possible classes (look at thelink herefor screenshot of possible combinations of classes) however, couldn't say the same to torchlight and diablo 3 which had at most like 5 classes.Also this has pets <3 , you can dodge ballistics yourself (they aren't homing arrows) and you get to shoot and attack by yourself so you feel you are really part of the action!So I recommend that you get this game because it really has aged well and it's probably the only ARPG that doesn't feel bland, repetitive, 2 dimensional. It has life, variety and awesome multiplayer!"
76561197999385566,Recommended,475150,25278990,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,redshadovv,ARPG of the year right here.
76561198081040173,Recommended,475150,33909234,Posted: 30 July,all,Anna Rosa,"Good game remind me when I was really young, I used to play a lot Titan Quest. Recommended."
,Recommended,475150,26200714,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,xX_Tankguy_Xx,11/10 - The best Greek Mythology RPG game ever made : Anniversary UpdateAlso  # Worth Thrid playthrough on Legendary Difficulty (If you have party to play with)
,Recommended,475150,26261167,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Mead Champion,A true classic and a great masterpiece for those who are fascinated by ancient mythology.
,Recommended,475150,25849952,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Simboker,"Originally, i would bestow diablo II with the ""Test of Time"" Award, but unfortunately it is not connected with steam. However, the best inofficial successor is of course Titan quest, especially in this enhanced new anniversary edition: i truly love the new game speed option.PS: Also check out the full game-mod ""Lilith The Will of Demon : Battles of Jalavia (v1.1)"". It´s a mod with the quality of a independent add-on. 20h+ new gameplay"
76561198005882997,Recommended,475150,25360119,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Mephiston. In wildlands beta :-),"Making a great game even better... only game that comes to close to d2 .Pros , we name have multi playerMod  if yuo like them.Graphics a bit dated bu still good.A lot of build styles all fun..Good party size.Cons seen a few cheats all ready :-(apart from that new life to a old classic ...!o7"
,Recommended,475150,25275694,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Antonius Palatinus,"Be aware that physics engine is tied to your monitor refresh rate. Turning VSync off may result in ragdoll bugs, like corpses falling too fast.Here's the post that helped me:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorGuys, this is almost certainly because you are playing the game without V-sync, or more likely you are playing with V-sync, but on a monitor that is higher than 60 Hz native speed.The problem is that the ragdoll physics were programmed to operate at 60 FPS, so if you play on a 120 Hz monitor, the death animations speed are going to be doubled which will give the impression that the ragdoll animations are no longer present.On Nvidia cards, you can fix this by going into the GPU control panel and setting the V-sync option for Titan Quest to 1/2 Refresh - on a 120 Hz monitor that will lock the game's FPS to 60, and the animations would then appear normal.On a 144 Hz monitor, you can download and run Nvidia Inspector, go into the settings for Titan Quest, and set the Frame Rate limit to 60."
76561198030908503,Recommended,475150,25683181,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,smeagolheart,"As good of an action rpg as Diablo 2 but with better graphics.     An interesting setting,  cool loot,  interesting enemies and bosses.    A lot of fun,  give it a try."
76561197971829072,Recommended,475150,33154647,Posted: 2 July,all,mandenmoris,"I bought this long ago on walmart it was a blast from the past diablo 2 style, love the enemies, the different settings the items managment, music.I found this game more apealing than diablo3 and i have that game also.9/10"
76561198029242857,Recommended,475150,25398589,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,^1BigBossMan1978 [BE],"This game feels, looks and plays really good in my humble opinion. However this will not be a typical review but more so a helping hand for those that experience some issues with the game here and there.. I will frequently add more information to this list whenever i've personally figured and tested things out as long as i keep spending time into this title. So here's my first tip/solution:Deleting characters (Windows 7 tested) fix.Hi all,First of all, i've experienced the same bug many were talking about when they tried to delete a character. I went looking for a solution and pieced some things together that might prove useful.Luckily in my case it did, so i would gladly share and explain that with all of you here.So the first thing i did was turning off the cloud save option.Secondly i verified the games cache.And thirdly, i started the game and selected the character i wanted to delete again.It was deleted instantly and i was able to create and continue the game with a new character.I hope some of you guys will find what i've explained helpful here?And i would very much like to hear what you've experienced by doing the same,...Glhf"
76561197969246695,Recommended,475150,25497946,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,muted,"10 years later this game is just as fun and most people seem to think so.The only negative reviews, besides those caused by some technical issues, which haven't affected me at all, are from butthurt players whose builds were affected by much needed balance changes."
,Recommended,475150,34272198,Posted: 16 August,all,hotdog,"The base games were of high quality, and the Anniversary edition moves multiple gameplay and ui elements close to perfection. Graphics is still good (and not demanding) and no action RPG has better physics. Levels are nice and detailed, atmosphere is very good.Polished and refined ARPG experience, has few flaws.Convenient and well-thought game design where everything: loot, respecs, saves, bosses, skill trees, fountains, teleports, death penalty, caravans - is nice and carefully avoids any hint of frustration. You will miss many of these details in other games after."
76561197971845509,Recommended,475150,33637600,Posted: 18 July,all,Mr. Lee Get Busy,"There are few things that make this game desired. First is that it was released with nicer details on 10 th aniversary, The second is a lot of items and modifications you can make and the third is expanded skill tree you can customize. A true delly for dungeon and hack and slash players."
,Recommended,475150,25454811,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Grimes,"What can I say, this game never gets old. Bugs got fixed, more storage space, potions stack up to 25/1 inventory square, more champion-bosses, faster game paste, several nerfs/buffs/changes to enemies, damage types, spells and other skills. I really enjoy the Anniversary Edition so far. I cant really say that it is better than the previous versions, but its deffinatelly AT LEAST as good. Several improvments to the Multiplayer but since I personally prefer the solo gaming, I dont really care about mp. Overall, as i said, the game is real fun. Yet, spectral matter is still nowhere to be found...Also, I just realized, poinson traps are nerfed!! WE'VE BEEN BLESSED!"
76561198027749824,Recommended,475150,25279534,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Made,You are going to need to stock up on health potions.
76561198028776505,Recommended,475150,25330112,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,hyper,"10 years later and still a solid ARPG. Looks sharp, with rich vegatation, plays well, the HUD is resizable, only downside - the cursor is a bit small on 1080p and sometimes the shaders flicker, but that's nothing compared to the full package and how adequate it looks in 2016."
,Recommended,475150,25279625,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Dune Tiger,Just a big thank you for the upgrade!  Best part is that it automatically imports your characters from previous editions (if you ever played them) and bodies still go flying everywhere just like they used to.  Fantastic Diablo-like.
76561198012365888,Recommended,475150,25287760,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,The Sperm ☯,"Great game, used to play for countless hours back in the day.-Somehow the mouse cursor won't move if you're on fullscreen.. I have yet to find a fix."
76561197964150143,Recommended,475150,25293802,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Motörhead,Thank You Nordic for Remembering Old Fans :) !!
,Recommended,475150,25329750,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Velimirius,"One of the best ARPGs around, and it just got even better :) THX Nordic :)"
76561198044638367,Recommended,475150,25353212,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,DMGcontroll,"This is hands down one of the best ARPG's out there. If you're a fan of Grim Dawn, then you will be delighted to see that many ideas from Grim Dawn were taken from Titan Quest. If you are a fan of D2 or D3, then you'll feel right at home. For being 10 years old, this game has some great graphics and an exceptional musical score that is present throughout the game. I could go on and on about all the things this game gets right so I'm going to end my review here with this - If you enjoy ARPG's, just buy this game and try it. Its stupid cheap for the quality and the level of replayability is incredible."
76561198009872740,Recommended,475150,25277422,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,NumberEighty3,"Nice to see the old THQ logo again!  As for the game, it's as good as it has ever been.  A nice revisit to a classic."
76561198001792274,Recommended,475150,25352871,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Richthofen56,Can't beat this game for value. It was a great game when it came out 10 years ago and it's still a great game today. I'd rather play this than Diablo anytime.How can you beat a free upgrade on an incredible game?
76561198065486274,Recommended,475150,25292628,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,alpstraum2,"The big push is ""bug fixes"". I honestly never had any real issues with the previous game, but in the Anniversary Edition, my gold doesn't load and items are not always able to be grabbed. Not exactly surprised with Nordic's hands in it."
,Recommended,475150,25327833,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,MaxFiles,"Great Game, lots of fun"
76561198215776944,Recommended,475150,25278187,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Nerdy Anarchist,"I owned this on PC when it first came out on CD.. So I repurchased this game on steam not too long ago. When I saw the anniversary edition, I was kinda bummed wishing I would of known about it. Turns out its in my steam library. So they must've given it to me.. That's pretty decent and awesome of them. I've been playing Grin Dawn which is created by some of the originals of Titan Quest.. This game is a lot of fun, although it does get kinda boring once you reach the minotaur maze.. All in all, the overhaul looks like the other version.. But this time i believe it Allows widescreen, and has more editors and compilers, which does make it even better. I'm willing to play this game once again all over, it's worth the small price for a big game.. THANK YOU!"
76561198078484019,Recommended,475150,25283241,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,MAXIMUM LoSeR,One of the only action RPG games that could stand up against Diablo. This game is a classic. To see this improved with this edition is an absolute dream. Now if only some great force could bring a sequel to this it would be truly magical...
,Recommended,475150,25279814,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Jeronimous,"I cannot believe they updated this great game after all this time. And not only that, they gave the updated version for FREE for the owners of the older versions.They fixed bugs and balance problems the community have been voicing for all these years. Seriously, take a look at the changelog; it's MASSIVE!Mad props to THQ Nordic. This is how you make your fans feel appreciated.Thank you very, very much THQ Nordic!"
76561198077565563,Recommended,475150,25299669,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,troxnar,"The new edition of this game gave me a big surprise as I didn't knew it was coming, the changes to the masteries combined with new camera angles and a big stash (x3 bigger) made me smile more times than I could count. Better gameplay, A.I., mobs who run away and come back to attack you and even more...All in all a great new and fresh experience on this awesome game so classic and known to all of us, the fixes, new color texts, a nice pick up button, a bigger hud for those of us who had to stick the face to the monitor to read those damn numbers... all i have to say is THANK YOU THQ NORDIC for the great come back of TITAN QUEST !!!On a personal note: My assassin so OP right now... tears of joy..."
,Recommended,475150,25311024,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,legendbourne,I love this game and it is the parent of Grim Dawn. :)
,Recommended,475150,25329820,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Genky,Free upgrade for owners of the original game ... thumbs up to some devs stil giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥I wasted thousands of hours on the original when I was still a teenager.
76561198012865443,Recommended,475150,25348098,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Grav3man,"I did not play Titan Quest when it was released 10 years ago even though i had a poster of it hanging on the wall right next to my desktop. I bought the game 2 years ago and did not touch it until last month. I gotta admit I am a huge Diablo 2 fan and  just as everybody else I am still a little disappointed with Diablo 3 after all the fixes and updates.So when I first started Titan Quest I was really sceptical - it is supposed to be an ARPG, a Diablo clone... and we all know how bad ""clones"" are. Well, I was really surprised! The game was so beautiful and immersive - music, models, everything! Character progression is so well done - it is so simple and complex at the same time with all the possibilities you have to build your hero. From what I have experienced until now, I can say that this game is 1000 times better than Diablo 3.I was really surprised when I saw the Anniversary Edition pop up when I opened Steam the other day and was even more surprised when I saw they were offering this edition of the game to those who own the original version for free!So yeah, for a 10 years old game Titan Quest is still a damn good title with a lot of great elements. If you like ARPGs this is totally the game for you!"
,Recommended,475150,25348233,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Snooze,Glad to see you again <310/10
76561197970504722,Recommended,475150,25283112,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,ч²о shaft,"Thank you Nordic games!!!Amazing remaster of an all time classic, pLaying this in HD is incredible and no fps drops so far. Highly reccomended for any fan of the Diablo series or Grim Dawn. This also now has workshop support to make this remaster even more epic!Quick update, you can also use your old save game files with this as well. Found mine from many years ago and they loaded right up :D"
76561198204872004,Recommended,475150,25283687,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Two Moons,I almost bought Diablo 2 on the Blizzard store. I am very pleased that I passed on that idea and caught this on steam the other day. Much better choice. Especially since I've already enjoyed Diablo 2 back in the day and this is a fresh game to me. You will enjoy this game if you are a fan of Diablo. It even supports higher resolutions WOOT
76561198003623276,Recommended,475150,25286632,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Xsorus,"I played this game a long♥♥♥♥♥time ago with a bunch of my friends; even bought them copies so they could check it out...Its easily one of the best Diablo type games ever made..I'd say it and Path of Exile are pretty much better then the original.If you don't own it, buy it. You will not be disappointed and frankly THQ Nordic is ♥♥♥♥ing win for doing this update. I installed it real quick to see what it looked like and they did an amazing job.So thank you THQ Nordic for this update."
76561198118681403,Recommended,475150,25287734,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Hà Tiên Sinh,"Thank THQNordic for this free anniversary gift, I was eager to install and play this version, however, I still got the same problem since I changed my laptop to a new one with 4k resolution display. The mouse cursor is standstill while I can still highlight the menu when I move my mouse. Is there any solution for this issue? Please kindly help me!!!!"
,Recommended,475150,25292935,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Octopus_Of_Doom,"I got it for free.But I've bought this game at least 3 times with the expansion pack seperately. And I don't regret a cent of what I've spent. Every instance in which I've played a new copy of this game, it runs perfectly and is an utter blast!Get it.I'd also point you towards the excellent mods that this game has.This game has had a regular stream of good mods ever since it came out, there is so much good to find.Some good starter mods are things like TQVault and TQDefiler (may not be the correct names doing this off the top of my head)Anyways you'll have fun with it, for good long time."
,Recommended,475150,25293961,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Omaeka,"I haven't played this much, nor did I play the SD version a lot either. Not because they are bad games, but because my A-RPG itch was satiated by Diablo and Marvel Heroes. One thing I can tell you however, is the Anniversary Edition is a HD update to put others to shame, and it's free! The graphics are quite dramatically improved and the game is snuggly fit into one title. If you already owned the games like me, now is the perfect time to dive into them. If you don't, consider buying it because this game has a lot of good opinions surrounding it, and they don't come easy for PC exclusive titles.There's no paid-for 420/10 reviews by IGN, only a game that garnered a cult following through actual merit.Oh and did I mention it now has full blown Workshop integrated mod support? There are already classes and quests available on the workshop, it's only a matter of time until we get full game overhauls/conversions and full length campaigns - assuming they don't already exist."
,Recommended,475150,25300611,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,I-Like-Skyrim,I like new interface( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,475150,25342946,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,DuaLipa6.90,One of the best games éver made.Still looks very nice and aaaah I have always loved it and always will!
76561198040298199,Recommended,475150,25295737,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Theodamus,"Great game, with functional singleplayer, co-op and multiplayer."
76561198027919138,Recommended,475150,35052739,Posted: 18 September,all,Mystacron,"Titan Quest was one of the first 3rd person ARPG games I ever played as a kid on PC and so It's always had a special place for me ever since.The game follows the rules of a typical ARPG, you start off with nothing and gradually slay monsters and grind better gear/weapons to fight bigger monsters while at the same time taking quests from NPC's and choosing your character perks from 2 of 7 different classes (Defense, Attack, Storm, Nature, Earth, Lich and Dream).Pros:- The variety of monsters you can find in the game are very large, being based on greek, egyptian and chinese mythology you encounter a lot of famous beasts found such as the Chimera, Cyclops, Manticore and many more.- The map is one giant continent and has no loading barriers to move from one area to another, making the transitions between different borders seamless and immersive.- The epic music makes up half the game imo, like the main theme to the Dark Knight the main theme to Titan Quest still plays in my head every time I think of it!- Community mods are fun to try out.Cons:-Multiplayer can be pretty dead at times, at least I've found and unless you're playing with friends in a private lobby at the same level as you it can feel pointless if higher levelled players go around farming and leeching xp while you stand there trying to figure out how to catch up.-Grinding can take longer for players depending on how experienced they are with the ARPG mindset of 'kill first, loot later' and rushing the game. I know some people prefer to take their time and appreciate the lore/backstory put in instead.- Dying can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥especially if you haven't saved at the nearest rebirth fountain and end up spawning half way across the world and have to walk all the way back again like The Fellowship to Mordor."
,Recommended,475150,25404789,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Mooo25,"It's a Greek, feature improved, Diablo 2, but looks really good, even now."
76561198135497965,Recommended,475150,25289793,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,||C0NFLiCT||,"Alright so firstly this is a 10 year old game, do not expect next gen♥♥♥♥♥♥here but the graphics are superb nonetheless which you will find once you begin playing or lets say you played Diablo 2 right! Now picture that with better graphics, larger maps combined with lush foilage such as weet reeds that you run through as it sways with the wind and the disturbance of you rushing through into battle. Hopefully it will just give you some idea of the level of detail. Packed with hours upon hours of life leeching gameplay, you would still wanna do it all over again if you wanted to. If you love RPG's and I mean love them, add this gem to your list, it well worth it and is guranteed to give you a fulfilling and rewarding experience.Pro'sBetter gameplay than most RPG'sPro & a Con: Faster than the previous versions but sluggish in some parts such as when the sun rises from night time & using the towns waypoint portal.Graphically more appealingAwesome skill system offering more than diablo did in my booksVast armory and weaponary selections with enchantments and other raritiesDifficult AI especially bosses, making it a challenge worth your timeBeautiful mountains, lakes and plants giving that fantasy alureCon'sWould like to hover my cursor over an item, instead of having to press Z/Alt to view whats fallen on the floor as 1 you pick up stuff you don't want, while running around enemies and 2 its annoying.A bit more clicking when running than one would like, I don't know, feel like I clicked less in Diablo.What I hope will be added in future updates:As per my Con'sNicer dialog boxes with better fontsI want to double click my map sphere, not press M at timesAudio setup offers Headphones, 4 speakers, 5.1...Stereo as in 2 speakers, please add?Final ThoughtsSo far this is my review into the game, will update again after completion however guys, its worth it and I'd grab it now while on special.Overall rating is sitting at 8/10 until further notice.Updated 7th September 2016: If you hadn't yet noticed, the new update released has significantly increased performance and has made the running of this game optimal so if that put you off, you may wanna give it another go :)"
,Recommended,475150,34875077,Posted: 10 September,all,Dragσn,"This game is one of the best ARPG's, I have played!!! A very interesting throwback into Mythological story, which takes us on a vibrant and phenominal Journey wading through beautiful landscapes and places.As a player who never played Diablo before and my first so called Diablo clone was this game. I felt it was a lot better than the diablo 2 itself."
,Recommended,475150,25293381,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Kllrtofu,"This is a present of the 'new' publisher THQ Nordic. One of the coolest ARPG's in its own right, Titan Quest and its expansion Immortal Throne got a major update. And all steam users that had the old games, got it for free and even better, they started with 75% off so that everyone can get it painless.Remasters of games are hardly ever done with this much commitment and competence. The old game always had lots and lots of loose ends and bugs. The community fixed what it could, but it still was balance and bug wise outdated and even broken, however engaging it still was. THQ Nordic did this:http://titanquestgame.com/pcchangelog/TQ_AnniversaryEdition_FullChangelog.txtI followed the development through the open(!) beta, and was amazed at the speed with which they worked on this title. They really did an awesome job.Anyone that doesn't know if the game is worth it for him or her. I'd answer: this is one of those classics that aged well, and within its genre is a real monument. If you enjoy these games, this one will bring you way back, when everything was still fine, and you could sit at home, usurping your dad's PC for entire weekends in total innocence.I'm not sure as to what the possibilities and plans are for porting the old mods, of which there were many, to this new title. But there were loads of awesome ones. I can only hope for them to get ported to this new title."
76561198012430847,Recommended,475150,25366064,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Tigermelon,"It is rare that I post a review (this may honestly be my first on Steam) but Titan Quest is a classic that deserves to be praised.  It's held up well over the years and fans of the ARPG genre owe it to themselves to experience this game and to support the people who put together a smoother updated version.When I first booted it up and started playing it I thought, ""Hmm...maybe this game hasn't held up as well as I thought"" and then an hour was magically gone.  It's a wonderful game fromt top to bottom with solid graphics, voice acting, design, control...the list goes on.  A fantstic game in general and one of the very best of it's kind."
76561197995430302,Recommended,475150,25823455,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Jungo,Dank!
76561198107928086,Recommended,475150,25959608,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,kaminasinged,Played this on release original date. really good solid game. Still good even for it's time in terms of graphics. I highly related this game to a lighter version of diablo 2 back then. Some of the creators from this game went to make grim dawn. So if you think grim dawns good~ Diablo 2 is good~ Or just want a solid good hacknslash run of slaughtering creatures with a pretty decent solid story~ All in my opinion.Yes.... buy it if you want to invest time into it. I play stilll. buy and enjoy.
,Recommended,475150,35413051,Posted: 2 October,all,Thrasos,"My favourite diablo-like RPG. I have sank countless hours in it before even joining steam. Always gives you something.+Beautiful graphics , still holding up+Great and respectful devs+Veeery simple to get into, yet looting and leveling and adventuring and collecting pays off+Many classes to choose and mix , creating many differenet viable builds+Great music and sound design+Concept of mythology is great- The multiplayer was always a bit weird for me, but that might have been me, I always had lag or something .Strongly suggested 10/10"
76561198003223835,Recommended,475150,31362197,Posted: 25 April,all,Raven357Mag,"I played the original quite a bit.  It is a nice leisurely paced game that you only needed the mouse for.  The anniversary edition added a couple of nice features and some new bugs.Being able to transfer items to your other characters is the biggest and a most appreciated improvement.  There was nothing quite like finding a perfect weapon for your melee character while using your distance character.Adding Steam Achievements is a nice bonus.The most disappointing change in the anniversary edition is it automatically saving when you exit.  So, if you want to try a new ability you will be stuck with it until you pay to reallocate skill points.  Before, after assigning skill points you could quit and then resume from the last save if you decided didn't like your choices.  The Save button, that is still there, is useless now.I don't care for how they changed the gui.  It is a small complaint but it was better the other way.  Now you have three areas to look for information instead of two.I have had issues with potions not condensing down to take up as little space in inventory.  I had one slot filled with 9 lesser healing and another slot with 4 lesser healing.  The only way I could get them to condense down was by selling them and buying them back.  Now I am having the same problem with energy potions.  I haven't had any problems with them since then.The original game ran smoother on a lesser system than I am running today."
76561198122936163,Recommended,475150,28756303,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TeddyBear081,brilliant game. Loads of fun. Great way to kill time with your mates for a few hours.
,Recommended,475150,28865119,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Scorpidoo,"Like this game more than Diablo llThe things that differ between the games is that Titan Quest hasGreek Mythologyand the maps are waymore colourful, they are not as dark and grey as in Diablo ll. This makes the world of Titan Quest feel more alive.Also the addition to theworkshop is much loved."
76561198105945250,Recommended,475150,25361845,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Sun Bro,I poisoned a poisonuss spider and applied bleeding to a skeleton.10/10
76561198003587132,Recommended,475150,25388231,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Scooty Puff Sr.,"It's pretty good.  Greek themed ARPG pretty much sums it up.  The anniversary edition doesn't fundamentally change the game too much, which is both a good and bad thing.  If you can pick it up on sale for $5 or less I absolutely recommend it, especially if you can rope a friend or two into playing with you.Pros:+Interesting class system (pick two skillsets and mix and match, creating lots of possibilities)+You rarely have to backtrack and can portal back to town at-will (no consumable required)+Playing with friends you can create cool synergies and figure out crazy combos+Lots of different enhancements you can put on your gearCons:-Takes a little while to even unlock your first skillset (you start without any abilities)-Some class combinations are very, very bad together (lack of synergy or outright contradiction in abilities (Example: dual-wielding combined with shield mastery...))-Active abilities are a bit sparse (Many abilities are completely passive or a set-and-forget buff that either locks off part of your MP bar or have a small continuous MP cost that probably won't overwhelm your pass MP regen)-You will have to put a lot of points into your passive mastery stat boosts in order to access some of the more interesting/powerful high level abilities instead of improving your current abilities-Lack of variety in AI/mobs (they tend to behave similarly)If you like ARPGs I'd recommend giving this one a try.  It does enough things just differently enough to set it apart.  There's a few rough edges but overall it's good fun and really shines once you get to start experimenting with two masteries.*Got this for free for owning the original game*"
,Recommended,475150,25379239,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,4th,This game is old but gold. It is a solid hack and slash ARPG. It has a great looting system and a steady progression system.It did crash on me a few times but despite that I would still recommend it.
76561197994659047,Recommended,475150,25387084,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,God_flame,"A game that was victim to the gamespy purge many years ago and died. very few dead games come back to life and this was no differnt, its over 10 years old now in fact. THQ came back, gutted gamespy and made official fixs (a great deal of them where mods) that fills pages of patch notes that read like a light novel. Mutiplayer is what makes this game, most gear and epic monsters only spawn in mutiplayer. all my data is gone... not even mad. o well time to start again, yeah it's that good."
,Recommended,475150,25387044,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,jacksian3000,"One of my favourite games to come out in the fist decade of the 21st century got new multiplayer, bug fixes, resolution upgrades, and a re-balanced campaign, there's not much not to love, plus they gave it to me for FREE, good stuff"
,Recommended,475150,25365323,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Davien,must buy.. anniversary edition adds a ton to this game!
76561198045452607,Recommended,475150,26173932,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Battle r0x,Great diablo like game.. however i would honestly say this is a better version of what diablo wanted to do
,Recommended,475150,25319305,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Generalul Andrei,"Respect, Thq Nordic."
,Recommended,475150,25311037,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,PEPE,"I feel Titan Quest deserves a place alongside Diablo as one of the most epic ARPG's ever! I was going to buy the Anniversary Edition today but when I went to the store page I noticed I'd already been 'gifted' it from the publisher because I owned the original game! This sort of generosity is pretty much unheard of in today's gaming climate. Thanks, THQ Nordic. Because of this, I'll probably buy a couple of gift copies for friends.This game is a masterpiece and it still looks great and plays beautifully 10 years later. Even moreso now that we've got the Anniversary Edition. There's tons of loot with interesting modifiers, relics & charms to upgrade said gear, epic and varied locations to explore, countless monsters and bosses to slaughter and an amazing class / talent system (play as a Paladin, Druid, Juggernaut, Thane, Oracle, Soothsayer and a dozen or so more). Oh yeah, and the game is moddable and comes with an Editor.THQ Nordic have even launced the Anniversary Edition with 75% off for the first week - just buy it!"
,Recommended,475150,25314858,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Commissar Vodka,TITAN QUEST MY BABY HAS RETURNED!LONG LIVE THQ BROUGHT BACK FROM THE DEAD!! <3
76561198037840903,Recommended,475150,25280790,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,BaldCape,Legendary! Thank you guys!
,Recommended,475150,25283362,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,~StickyHands,Awesome game just got a awesome facelift 10/10
76561198007225917,Recommended,475150,25291126,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Lucifer 666,Awesome game love it :)
76561197993518606,Recommended,475150,25357453,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Khaos,And I still like Titan Quest better than the Diablo series...
,Recommended,475150,25280038,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Cheshire Cat,"I've put so many hours into the original game that I practically memorized some of the NPC's speeches, so I can safely say that this edition is even better. More items, more enemies, better inventory management, skills that needed a boost were amped, some skills that needed a good nerf were nerfed, etc. The graphics are also smoother IMO, but not by much.If you're a fan of Diablo, Sacred, Dungeon Siege, etc., you will fall in love with this game. Or at least be willing to take it out to a nice dinner a couple of times.Thank you devs for putting so much love into this little gem. :)"
76561197978598904,Recommended,475150,25289094,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,HelmetCat,"Just a quickie to say thank you for the free update to this Anniversary Edition! I have bought games on Steam before which have had similar types of updates and yet they were sold as seperate games with no acknowledgement given to those who had bought the original version.You, however, have showed thoughtfulness, consideration and kindness.I am, and always will be, your friend."
,Recommended,475150,25281105,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,RT_Mythictang,"This anniversary edition combines both Titan Quest and Titan Quest Immortal Throne!!! What can you expect more? FYI, titan quest is one of the best ARPG of all time. If you love Hack'n Slash games, I highly recommend this edition."
76561198020964411,Recommended,475150,25280256,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Monadnock,"""What's that?  You have the original Titan Quest in your library?  Well, thanks for being a loyal customer, have this new updated version for free.""I originally had Titan Quest outside of Steam, but knew that I had to pick it up here as well.  To be honest, it's one of the most well done ARPGs ever concocted and I'm extremely happy to see it get a facelift.  The character class system is terrific and very close to that of Grim Dawn, which makes sense, since many of the devs that made Titan Quest also made Grim Dawn.This game is amazing for $5 and I can't recommend it enough if you're a fan of the ARPG genre.  For the price of a coffee from Starsucks, you get an amazing game that will supply endless hours of entertainment."
76561198006413227,Recommended,475150,25527553,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,IHateGlamour,"Awesome game ! All the class combinations you can make, you can rerun the game with an interesting class combination each time."
,Recommended,475150,25367691,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,TaintedHorizon [ToolBox],I loved TQ and TQIT and played both for years. The fact that this has so many changes and updates to a 10 year old game is awesome as well as providing for free to TQ and TQIT owners. I bought 2 more copies for my kids.
,Recommended,475150,25373889,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,MASTA FATTY,Was a great game ten years ago and still is a great game! BUY IT!!
,Recommended,475150,25552675,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Spitfire,"(I got this game for free because I already owned Titan Quest + Immortal Throne)At last, Titan Quest, the best co-op RPG out there has been updated.I never played Diablo but I feel this is the mother of all RPG's.It has a long story campaign, diverce classes with ballanced skill trees.Best played with friends, but also really fun and challanging to complete the story on your own.After completing campaign you can start over with your character on a higher difficulty and get even better loot."
,Recommended,475150,25373621,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Haxwell,I loved this game when it first came out years ago and seeing it get a large brand new update that fixes alot of the old issues makes me beyond happy.
,Recommended,475150,25554141,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Chon,"+ Old but gold. Jeez, after 10 yrs this game looks better than ever. New animations, bug fixed, workshop support, multiplayer etc.- You can't get achievements while using workshop content and only 1 loot in mp for every player (so you have to spam A to get the gold from the chests)"
76561198110043177,Recommended,475150,30643216,Posted: 20 March,all,Fire of Truth,Truly an awesome game originally play it back in 2006 and its expansion back in 2007. Seer class and caravan driver made it even better amongst other things ;) anniversary edition is phenominal. Little to no issues at all
,Recommended,475150,29138356,Posted: 9 January,all,The Conqueror,Brings back memory. Awesome game
76561198019126711,Recommended,475150,25390237,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Dusty_Monk,Worth every penny.
,Recommended,475150,29993698,Posted: 17 February,all,Jayro,"So far, so good. Not the best game i've played, but definitely not among the worst. I'd say buy and give it a shot, althought the walking can be quite tiresome. Also, this game doesn't let you reassign key bindings to mouse buttons, so you'll only use the two main buttons and the scroll."
76561197975014580,Recommended,475150,30737331,Posted: 25 March,all,xiionic1,"These developers are the KINGS of ARPGS - This game has everything that you would expect from the Genre - The only advancements you'll find in other titles is co-op and visuals. Everything else is bang on!PROSHuge amounts of content, exploration, customisation.CONSFor some people, too much value is a bad thing?VERDICTBuy it, especially if you can get it for under $15, which it is often on sale for!A"
76561198258227871,Recommended,475150,31175563,Posted: 16 April,all,Prib,Just great old TQ with few new things and multiplayer.
,Recommended,475150,25279558,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Yasho,"Simply amazing ARPG, with strong Greek Mythology. Very well polished, and smooth. Only with you could move with WASD keys."
76561198003387897,Recommended,475150,25374287,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,twistofsin,"Saw they re-released it and started to take a look, because I would have honestly bought it if it was a good update. Imagine my surprise when I already owned it, because I have the original!The updates make this a modern game again, and it's still as awesome as the original. Definitely reccomend this to anyone who didn't buy the game when it came out."
76561198014704153,Recommended,475150,26612273,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,WolfauraRose,"The original was the first game I bought on Steam in 2009. I played it and had a lot of fun, don't think I completed Legendary as I get so bored of the game by then. This is quite a good game for a while.Iam playing through the game now that they have made it an anniversary addition. I enjoy it alot at first, but Iam now nearing the end of the orient on normal and I feel so bored. Don't now how Iam going to manage to play past epic and then legendary.The game is ok as it does get boring and if I alt tab out of the game the screen goes black and freezes.It's annoying how you have to hold shift so your character doesn't move when firing arrows.The game is ok for a while, so I guess I give it a iffy recommend."
,Recommended,475150,25325359,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Eterno,Better than Grim Dawn.
76561198058485603,Not Recommended,475150,32356460,Posted: 11 June,all,johndoe,"tl;dr The game becomes fun after 3~5 hours even then you will suffer from odd user experience desgin. AE edtion is more stable and balanced but didn't address many user covenience features.The game is fun but I cannot recommend it.Since there are many sources to get positive feedback of the game, I will focus on negative aspect only.Early game is really boringMany ARPGs starts with a boring powerless character and you are expected to sink 1 ~ 2 hours. In this game, you are expected to spend 4+ hours to get anywhere interesting. Most skills require 2~4 levels worth of skill point and requires additional skill points for unlock and many passive skills don't benefit early on in the game. Until later, your character is stuck with basic attack, unnoticeable buff and weak offensive spells.Note that this applies to every character you create. There is no, in-game, way to start from higher difficulties and your new character is stuck in this cycle of torment. However, it is a bit better because successive characters are funded by old characters.Lack of user convenience and odd design decisionsI know most games suffer from odd design decisions but these ones are particularly annoying.No built-in feature to see total damage output of your skills (only has inaccurate rough estimate)No damage display. (Exist only for critical hits)Hard to know in-game mechanics which hinders successful character build.Limited character respec feature. Wrong decisions in early game significantly delays progress. (Mod solution exists)No monster health number. (only has a health bar)Any target based skill registered to a hot-key requires two interactions. You hit the hot-key and precisely click an enemy. (However, skills registered to a mouse requires only one click)Some buffs are unnecessarily categorized as targeting skill.Can't bind magical spell to left mouse button. You are only able to do this on right mouse button.Buffs don't cast immediately.If you attack during casting animation, your spell won't cast. It is problematic when you need to use buff in the middle of a battle.Can't see remaining time of your buff.Some buffs lack visual cue or have weak visual cue.Dropped-item filter is limited and requires activation on every start of the game.Can't buy bulk of potions. If you want to buy 100 potions you need 100 mouse clicks.Transfering item between inventory and storage requires mouse drag instead of simple right click.Very limited storage and tranferable-storage space. (There is a mod solution but some have compatability issue)Storages don't have sort function, so you need to manage the space manually.Like any ARPG, some skills are pure garbage.*Some of these were fixable by external mods but new AE edition breaks compatability and workshop can't fix these issues.Other than these, the game plays like a good ARPG and very enjoyable."
76561197970669221,Recommended,475150,27107968,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rogue,"I played this when it originally came out and still have the box and disc to prove it! When released it filled the gap that had been left open by diablo / diablo II that somehow Sacred, although it was good didn't manage to fill.The thing that immediately set Titan Quest apart from others of its ilk was the fact it was set in history using Greek, Egyptian and Chinese mythology rather than being a full blown fantasy setting.It did have it's bugs though and unfortunately these have carried through to the anniversary addition. I have a machine that can handle this whilst asleep but the stuttering is still there which can literally mean death sometimes as you accidentally run into an enemy hero and his minions through no fault of you own. There are also a couple of multiplayer bugs and the looting system shows its age with loot ninjas having a field day.Putting the bugs aside this game is still only the original that has been given a few upgrades to make it run on newer systems, graphics are pretty but slightly dated, skill trees have been fixed as best they could and are more balanced than they were and multiplayer is a better experience. The only thing I have noticed is the single player didn't last as long as I remember it and replayability wise its very samey.If you like ARPG's and liked Grim Dawn, made by the same people who made Titan Quest, then for the price this is a must buy as in my opinion they are as good as each other gameplay wise. If new to the arpg gameplay due to the price it is a good place to start.Not perfect by any means but full of nostalgia, for me at any rate 7/10"
76561198075380118,Recommended,475150,29075544,Posted: 6 January,all,Pepo,"The good old Titan Quest with boosted graphics, more loot and online multiplayer. Haven't made it to the last act to check if the sloweness is gone, but I sure hope it is. All diablo fans and TQ fans should give it a try. All in all it's a great game"
76561198020127228,Recommended,475150,25738188,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Vasco Yebroni,"Awesome game, really brings back memories.What i dislike: when you summon a portal stone and enter it, for some odd reason the FPS drops like crazy...Please fix it, otherwise flawless"
,Recommended,475150,29007774,Posted: 4 January,all,TheAmbassador,Great and interesting twist to the 'Action-RPG-Hack and Slash' genre. Multiplayer is a bit buggy but doesn't take away the fun!
,Recommended,475150,25398195,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,SpaceCandy,For someone hat played the originals back in 2006 this is one of the greatest games made packed with so much action and different itemss o be obtained also coop is great too if you want to meet people or just have a good grind session! recommend to everyone! 11/10
76561198018081896,Recommended,475150,32881505,Posted: 27 June,all,HellsLife,Sometime you need replay this game.
76561198050170304,Recommended,475150,32703245,Posted: 23 June,all,rhocatz,"I'm a Diablo 1 2 and 3 fan.Titan Quest is much like Diablo 2, minus the great story and character choices. D2 is better (well developed, better graphics, randomization which promotes re-play value and simply more sophisticated all around) still, TQ is a good arpg. The skills and builds are evenly paced. Not easy, but not so hard it isn't fun. I am rewarded for my time and talents . The monsters and bosses level nicely with my character's abilities. it is a near perfect game in my eyes. The one thing I do not like is it isn't dark fantasy - it's a bit of fluff and I prefer dark with a well written and complex story. It is a simple game but loads of fun. I'd give it a 8/10."
76561198181142667,Recommended,475150,33195593,Posted: 3 July,all,PDX Hellblazer,"Solid recommendation to ARPG fans. Diablo but better, set in Greek, Egyptian and Chinese mythology."
,Recommended,475150,33199302,Posted: 3 July,all,-8Bits R 'Nuff-,I've heard a lot about this game throughout the years so I decided to go retro. Bought it and love it !
76561198037137434,Recommended,475150,32273264,Posted: 8 June,all,tokehectic,A little slow moving to start but once it gets going this is one of the most immersive arpg since diable 2...it is great to play through the classic Greek Mythology instead of pure fantasy. I would like to see a lot more content for this game in future...
,Recommended,475150,25358344,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,rippa87,"You will play this game so much that you'll annoy your family by narrating the game's opening animation each time you heard the word Zeus, Herakles, Leonidas, khopesh, yeti and recipe."
76561198078223052,Recommended,475150,25358944,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Captian Cooked,Titan Quest gives me the♥♥♥♥♥
76561197972622346,Recommended,475150,29900567,Posted: 13 February,all,toptom1,Bought this game game again. Great game speicaly for the time. Replayability aint there for me and can start to get a bit repetitive but never the less worth a play specialy for the price plenty of content here to mindlessly go through
76561198002055053,Recommended,475150,25354793,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Roronoa,"This is the first time that I am writing a game review, but this game deserves this. I have complete the game four times and I am still playing it (the replayability of this game is one of the things that make it worth your money). The anniversary edition fixed the most of the game bugs and makes the game more enjoyable. Just buy this game, it is a gem!"
76561198034166621,Recommended,475150,25691742,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Magiclycan,Day 968165485 : Titan Quest still in synchronization...Best game ever though 100000/10
,Recommended,475150,25453249,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,AgreedSA,"It was great in 2006, and then again with Immortal Throne, and then again now! This is sorta Titan Quest's version of an engine-enhancing Diablo II 1.10 style patch, revamping everything about the game and rejiggering the balance in the process. I really enjoyed this game summer of 2006, and I'm loving it now - the ARPG gameplay just plain holds up and is as good as any modern ARPG (lookin' at you POE)."
,Recommended,475150,28781258,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,RealmKnight,"I am a huge fan of the diablo 1&2 style of games, and then slap some greek mythology on it. SOLD!But seriously it is a solid game with a tight focus on theme and setting. Voice acting is hammy but i love it.it does suffer from a bit of rng shenaingans even with the ""you see it, you loot it"" system ( the gimmick that made this game stand out in the first place to me all those many moons ago)All and all i love the game and highly recommend it if you are a fan of any one of it's elements."
,Recommended,475150,25476047,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,¡¡¡ -,"Man, ♥♥♥♥ this game! I try get a straight up better spear with better damage and destroy my old one which does less...My DPS goes down by 50 points! ♥♥♥♥ you Titan Quest, I want my spear back! Attack Speed is OP; Stats aren't transparent and the drop rates are♥♥♥♥♥♥*Plays another 30 hours of the game*"
76561198016723761,Recommended,475150,25747151,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,psofiterol,"Good ARPG for it's time, but at present the quality of life improvements Grim Dawn offers (it's spiritual successor) make TQ kind of obsolete. Still the setting is great, ancient mythology is cool."
,Recommended,475150,25615316,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Uncle Badass,"Great game up until you get to BabylonI'm reccomending this game because it can continue to be a great game if you don't mind the enemy balance going out the window.There many different damage types, and normally this isn't a problem as before you get to Babylon these damage types are well placed and able to be dealt with, but then they become common.Piercing damage is not affected by armor but instead a resistance percentage that caps out at 80%, this resistance is not commonplace to find, pets also have no resistances unless effected by an arua.To make matters worse, later enemies almost entitrely replace their physical damage with piercing damage, making armor practically useless.I couldn't force myself to finish the entire game, the massive damage became just too tedious for me to deal with."
76561197972445514,Recommended,475150,29994168,Posted: 17 February,all,Hellbishop,"Yes thanks endlessly to all the fans for keeping the word alive of what a fabulous hack n slash rpg TITANS QUEST is. After playing the very disappointing DIABLO 3 i gave TQ the gold edition a try. All i can say is am joyfully stupidfied in gaming happiness as i play TITANS QUEST and its expansion.A 2006 rpg which plays like it just came out this year with immersive character development, endless variety of monsters and sweet loot, a buetiful rich huge world to explore, immersive audio and excellent voice acting delievering a very interesting heroic and terrifying tale of gods and men in grecian times.I love how the physics react in dungeons as my character is in a sort of berserk mode when acttacking which sends enemies flying into the air and crashing into walls or stone coffins ending up in some eerie poses many times. Its also nice to see torches used to burn enemies or vice versa enemies burning me instead of torches just being used for lighting.Improving weapons and armor is a ton of fun with plenty of originality possible with loot and salvage one finds on adventures. The unique variety of what can made adds alot of individual personality to a character especially when the player can create more powerful items from different components then buying a single weapon or armor at a merchant shop.Its great to have found out the same Devs who created TITANS QUEST are also the same ones behind the mind boggling GRIM DAWN.Thanks to IRON LORE and the fans for keeping this highly polished shining buetiful gem in the spotlight after all these years. True quality always rises back to the surface and never fades away."
76561197985758583,Recommended,475150,25399536,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,ImageOfChaos,"This is a great update for a classic game.  If you are a fan of Diablo style hack and slash games with a heavy focus on character customization and loot grinding, then you need to play this game.  For those of you that have played Grim Dawn (also a very good game), this title will feel familiar - and it should.  Several of the original members of Iron Lore went on to form Crate (who created Grim Dawn) after Iron Lore had to shut it's doors.  While Titan Quest may be 10 years old now, it absolutely still holds it own very well.  Honestly, I would place it right next to Diablo 2 as the best games in the genre all-time.  The ancient Greek setting provides a great feel for the game and even though the character models look dated, the world and creatures still look good.  With 35+ character classes, multiple difficulty levels for replay, and TONS of loot, Titan Quest can provide a LOT of bang for the buck!"
,Recommended,475150,33804327,Posted: 26 July,all,Greg the Mad,Good Click-to-Murder game that has aged quite well. Still gets bug-updates also.
,Recommended,475150,33875708,Posted: 29 July,all,Vegan Guy,"Oh yes, an excellent game. I'm sure i dont have to explain the mechanics. It is isometric click and kill gameplay. Alot like Diablo or torchlight. However, perhaps the one thing that sets it apart is the fact that the foes drop their armour and weapon ( if applicable ) on death. so if a Satyr attacks you with a magical spear and you kill him, then he will drop this weapon upon his death. It is a nice touch that distances itself from the ramdon loot mechanic that most other isometric hack and slash games utilise. Additionally, the theme is relativley unique for a hack and slash, set in ancient greece, including all the mythical beasts that one would associate with greek myth. Finally, the gameplay itself is nice, enemies ragdoll when they die, it is for the most part fluid in movement and action however, there are a small number of places that the AI has difficulty moving around objects but the inconvenience will surely only last moments. Also the character creation is excellent, one starts with a generic person and upon reaching lvl 10 can choose a class and again choose another class to effectivley multiclass and become unique each gameplay. i give it two hard jagons"
76561198401358611,Recommended,475150,33910410,Posted: 30 July,all,A Cat,My dad had sold copy of this game when I was like 7 and I LOVED it. So I got this to see if it held up and I'd say it did. It's a Diablo esc game so if you like that game you will probably like this.
76561198019533570,Recommended,475150,33914873,Posted: 30 July,all,Balrog Son of Nelgar,"Titan Quest is an isometric hack and slash ARPG set in a world with Greek and Egtpyian Mythology.The game allows singleplayer and multiplayer gameplay with (I believe) up to 4 players, allowing this to become your DnD Greek adventure.The game plays very easily and almost everything is done with the mouse, from moving to attacking to interaction with other characters. There is a fair amount of customization with regards to HUD and the loot system.The game's difficulty varies. It's very easy to wipe out huge groups of enemies, but also easily becomes harder if veteran or elite units lead those mobs, and giant monsters are scattered throughout the world who's only purpose is to eat you alive when you least expect it (or to become part of your metaphorical trophey belt).One of my favorite parts of this game is the class system, which is a list of masteries which are all balanced well enough to allow you to build a character of any type. You get two masteries, one at level 2 and the other at level 8, varying from different magic types, warrior types, and rogue types. I won't list them all here, but my personal build is Warfare and Dream, basically mixing a duel wielding psychopath with mind control powers. Following is a link for a steam community post with a list of video guides for the many different mastery combonations, their names, and a short 5-7 minute video explaining the build and its skills. This guide displays information from the original forum which, reportedly, doesn't work anymore. The videos in this post are not from the forum but are based on information taken from it.  I take no credit for any information in this guide, I'm just the messenger.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=757889284The loot system is different from any other I have seen personally (I've never played Diablo as many other of the reviews compare this game to). Everything of value drops to the floor and you can filter the game to allow you to pick up gray (broken items), white (common), or just everything above. Gold, potions, and enchantment items always show when dropped and there is a hotkey (A) to autograb any of that stuff. The filter feature requires some getting used to but is very nice for quality of life purposes.The game is old, but the new version revamps the graphics and tweaks features from the original version, and overall, the graphics are nice and the game is very easy to run  at 1900 x 1080(Currently run this on a 10 year old office computer with an equally aged Nvidia Geforce 9600 GT). The graphics look similar to other isometric ARPGs like Baldur's Gate and Pillars of Eternity.Overall, this game is great and if you enjoy games similar to Diablo or Baldur's Gate, then I'm sure you will enjoy this one."
76561198030920805,Recommended,475150,25660034,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,gws5597,"I thought there wasn't much to this until I got to the tomb just after Tegea. If I remember correctly, the monsters in the original game are below your level here. In this version, that has finally been fixed and damn does it feel good. There was even a new zombie hero monster as well.TQ isn't quite as complex as Grim Dawn, but if you need something to zone out with at the end of the day it's perfect."
,Recommended,475150,25661791,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Sergi,Great classic. Lots of fun. 10/10.
76561198064998032,Recommended,475150,25665977,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Caesar1214,"A fantastic blast from the past!  I spend so many hundreds of hours on this game back in the day, and to see it remastered is a dream come true.  I would have paid full price for it again, but to get it for free shows that there are some studios out there who still have a love for gaming   :)    THANK YOU!!!!"
76561198050988803,Recommended,475150,25664074,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Dengell,Still in love with it!my emotionial feedback:)
76561197978049429,Recommended,475150,33937706,Posted: 31 July,all,Dreamcatcher,"Like Diablo but in Greece, pretty fun. Brings back so many memories of Diablo 2. Shame there is no blood though ):"
76561197995233582,Recommended,475150,25467638,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Sulfurous,One of the best action rpgs from 10 years ago and it still holds up today. The class system is simple yet robust. The mechanics are basically the same thing that we are still using in current titles. It's a great game and definitely worth a look.
76561198089262135,Recommended,475150,25453683,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Grillsen,"One of the greatest arpgs ever made. The only thing that could be good or bad, depending on your prefrence, is that this game is very slow paced. There will be alot of running around trying to get from one city to the next while running into enemies, camps with enemies, caves, loot, tombs, etc. But that is all part of the fun. I definitely recomend this game to any arpg fan"
76561198026102499,Recommended,475150,25746227,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Sane,"One best this gategory game ever, hope some extension or new version comes out someday."
,Recommended,475150,25759075,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Geddon,it's wicked nice
,Recommended,475150,25383077,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Cheatha,Played it several hundreds of hours before and still loving it. This is just the best ARPG in my opinion :)Thank you THQ/Ironlore <3
76561198006320790,Recommended,475150,34140142,Posted: 9 August,all,marsuf,"Basically Diablo in ancient Greece. If you like hack-and-slay action games and ancient mythology, then this might be a game for you."
,Recommended,475150,25380823,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,DukeFlukem,Great game I highly recommend buying it for ARPG fans. If you like games like Diablo then you will like this. Also thanks Nordic for giving original owners the game for free.
76561198015773916,Recommended,475150,25363576,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,NukinFuts,"Awesome game, did not get to play the first titan quest,so im a bit of a novice hower did not take long to pick up ,im already hooked on this i love it and paying only £4.49 what a bargain, Get it while it's 75% off people, best £4.49 you can spend ."
,Recommended,475150,25878082,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,WeeWee,OMG OH YEP YEP YEP YEP YEP
76561198028321629,Recommended,475150,33984547,Posted: 2 August,all,Ultimate Antman,"I like this classic, you can play it like Diablo. Different feel, Greek Mythology. Should have controller support, but mouse works fine like on the Diablo series, and Drakensang Online."
,Recommended,475150,34073534,Posted: 6 August,all,箱子,"An amazing RPG by Iron Lore, never too bored to paly"
76561198166791440,Recommended,475150,33939276,Posted: 31 July,all,SacredSlayer,"its like diablo and path of exile, its pretty good"
,Recommended,475150,25364050,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,[B-LG] Billy Zane,"Some much needed updates to a variety of features brings Titan Quest from a nostalgiac revisit to an enjoyable experience. Multiplayer is now functional, high-res options bring us back into the 21st century, and steam integration make this a worthwhile rpg, both for vets of the games and newcomers.A word of caution however, this comes straight from the old school hack and slash days of Diablo 2, Sacred, and the like. There will be some grinding, it won't always be non-stop Michael Bay action, so if that's your thing, watch some let's plays or skip it."
76561198083562024,Recommended,475150,32573684,Posted: 19 June,all,Sir Robin the Not-Quite-So-Brave,"*Product received for free, but I did buy the old steam edition (and the even older CD-ROM version with good-old-fashioned unlimited product key ;)Great game.The game is still fun after all these years although I have only played it since 2011.The graphics are still fairly good for a game so old. They're not revolutionary, but on the other hand that  makes the game run silky smooth on pretty much any pc.I'd say that the anniversary edition is worth about 8$, just because of the amazing new updates. (Quick loot for example)If you ever want to play, just add me!"
76561198044954154,Recommended,475150,34360849,Posted: 19 August,all,Overkill40k(HGTK),I played the original titan quest and immortal throne many years ago and this remaster gives me a big hit of nostalgia.the original combat system is still there in its diablo style click spamming not to mention the mastery trees that can lead to some fun combinations.overall if you are a fan of the original get this and if you are a new player I hope this reveiw is helpful on deciding if you want the game
,Recommended,475150,34337480,Posted: 18 August,all,BMT,How can you not like a dev that brings back an already awesome 10 year old game with some lovely free updates. Happy days.
76561198151328892,Recommended,475150,34376097,Posted: 20 August,all,TyTYct,good game. I like the grass. It is very beautiful.
,Recommended,475150,34555073,Posted: 28 August,all,Itzcuintli,Amazingly fun! Some minor bugs but overall looks and runs great.
76561198257906067,Recommended,475150,25363168,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,millioncoola,Best APRG
76561198258961223,Recommended,475150,34955121,Posted: 14 September,all,massivered,"I played this considerably due to it's ease of pick up and play, as well as the addictive gameplay. It is much like the original Diablo, set in a larger outside and with improved gameplay and features. It is also unlike the original Diablo in terms of ambience and story, which was stellar-- this game is far below for those features but not terrible by any means. The loot system is good, but often the last merchant  would sell the overall best items. The game had a bug that would disappear the cursor and I had to do a work around, and still it would happen every so often, perhaps once every two days of playing, forcing a restart. Not the end of the world, but my personal opinion is games should not be sold that have game breaking bugs like this until they are fixed, but I will recommend the game nonetheless. Perhaps it is fixed by now, but be advised.  Multiplayer was a bit of a circus and everyone from around the globe seems disappointed in you, much like life itself. In terms of value, anything under 15 dollars is good deal for this game."
,Recommended,475150,33866973,Posted: 28 July,all,Velikan,"Absolutely great dungeon crawler. It's old but it has aged well. The amount of variance you can get with talent builds is incredible and for me (partly because of its Greek theme) beats D3, PoE and even Grim Dawn (which is from the same creators I believe). This game usually goes for cheap and it's absolutely worth the money."
,Recommended,475150,25295032,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Simon5,"Amazing. This game was amazing before, now it's even better. I love it way more than Diablo III! (+ great physics)"
,Recommended,475150,25299331,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Not the Hulk but close enough,Its nice to see that THQ is back along side giving us all a free copy of the 10th Annuversary of Titan questBack in the day i used to have the hardcopy of Titan quest and i loved every bit of it
76561197983745437,Recommended,475150,25299692,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Valgard,If I could give two thumbs up or more I would do it ^^Simply the best overhaul of an epic game which has stayed strong for over ten years!When THQ was no more Nordic has taken care of this gem and made it into what it is today.They combined the original TitanQuest along with TitanQuest Immortal Throne (expansion) into one game and updated a sh*tload of stuff in almost every aspect of the game.. and yes it is even BETTER now!So pick up this beauty if you havent already and plunge yourself into hours and hours of fun and replayability with or without friends.
,Recommended,475150,25345957,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Dou(m)bleDoor,got the game for free cause i already bought titan quest and immortal throne.Just an awesome game. Nothing more to say.
76561198087040946,Recommended,475150,25351581,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Mandos,"I remembered playing this game years ago, it was awesome. When I saw that they gave us an Anniversary version for free, I just had to download it, and I realised one thing. This game is still awesome."
76561198038253253,Recommended,475150,25350040,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Maik,"One of the best ""hack and slash"" of all time by far !Close too Diablo 2, Sacred 1 & torchlight"
76561197971057236,Recommended,475150,25352225,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Snaplyn,Finally Multiplayer again! Just grand!! Thank you TQH!
76561198074212260,Recommended,475150,25283164,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,iamnotageek,"Best ARPG I've ever played back in the day. Purchased this without thinking twice!Buy it, you WILL NOT regret it !"
76561198000054430,Recommended,475150,25293312,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,CamaroKnight222,"Great Game, Awesome commitment by Nordic to brimg it back and support it long after i'm sure it was deemed less than ""profitable"". The game itself still hold up excelently after all these year. It plays homage to the great skill tree arpgs of the past (Diablo 2 etc). It isnt quite as fast or ""Action"" (see dumbed down) as some of the modern hits like diablo 3 so if thats your thing this may not be for you! but even after all these years its still a great game with a great system and now a great company"
,Recommended,475150,25328954,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Shoozle,"Fantastic support for an old game but still needs a new patch to fix some minor quirks. Most importantly, the freezes I get which can result in an unfair death."
76561197973014470,Recommended,475150,25344724,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Robo Jones,"Contains plenty of balance changes and bugfixes that make the game a more enjoyable experience than the original release, recommending if you liked original Titan Quest and it's expansion.Also got this for free since i have TQ + the expansion already on Steam acc."
76561198159203576,Recommended,475150,25346149,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Setharion | gamekit.com,Just perfect
76561198006888096,Recommended,475150,25293596,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Jabbershark,"I bought this game 2 times before, on Disk and through Impulse, both which went the way of the dinosaurs.  3rd times the charm, and its the best version!  Its worth the 4.99 sale price for sure.  Lots of OUSTANDING mods in the past, from entire new lands, quests, and sounds.  Its really a great game.   I hope those mods migrate over here.  Huge fan following.  Too bad the Black Legion (I think it was called that) follow up game never came to pass...  here's for wishing.  P.S. Also check out Grim Dawn, its a faithful follow up."
76561198080554594,Recommended,475150,25316073,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Anna,"Such a great game, fun with lots of replayablility! Have played hundreds of hours of this game over the years, is great to see it re-released on steam. Highly recommend if you enjoy games such as Grim Dawn and Diablo 2. Multiplayer is always a bonus"
76561198066617626,Recommended,475150,25300448,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ArdanS,What just happened?
76561198042784353,Recommended,475150,25305768,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Deckard,"I bought this when it came out on disc and if Titan Quest had an Achilles heel it was that it struggled on the days hardware. I haven't played this in years and was surprised to see an Anniversary edition pop up.WOW. This game doesn't look good for a 2006 game, it looks fantastic for 2016 game. Beautiful graphics, glass smooth gameplay."
76561198002919111,Recommended,475150,25279126,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,DarthSith,Works great so far. I did have some problems getting it to start however. I had to make sure Norton allowed the game to access the connection since it was blocking it due to a false positive. My mouse wasnt working either but that was fixed by choosing windows custom size at 100% in the desktop display settings.But I am so glad I can play this on Windows 8 now! I remember spending weeks on this game as a kid in middle school. It's so great to be able to play again!Fyi for noobies the game is harder than Diablo. But you will get used to it quickly. If this puts you off  then let me tell you it's thankfully not quit as hard as Dark Souls. And once you get to higher levels it does actually get fairly easier.
76561198080405343,Recommended,475150,25301277,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ThrillSeeker,I have only this to say: Amazing!!!
76561198318809730,Recommended,475150,25301676,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,mingmingandmikki3144,"alright I got a bug straight off the game with the first satyrs that was attacking the horse. their texture are ALL OVER the screen, please fix this. it's been years since I first play TQ and I love it. please find the source of this problem and fix it. thank you!"
76561198093395198,Recommended,475150,25329986,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,GreenHerb,Nice Price and very fun
,Recommended,475150,25275134,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Gillybeard,"Around an hour in, Really awesome game! If you like diablo you will LOVE this."
,Recommended,475150,25287408,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,BiBoBy,Classic gameJust play for fun :)
76561198157777661,Recommended,475150,25350295,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Zencronix,"Very good game, i have liked it since I used to own it on disk. im glad it is availible for download. but there is huge fuzzy particles like as if i was playing on a tube tv. 9/10"
,Recommended,475150,25276006,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Zeddis,"Got this free cause I bought the original with xpansion many years ago.Have played more than a few hundred hours of the original, aswell as the expansion.I love this game. And it still holds up today.A great ARPG with ""unlimited"" choices in skills, multiclassing and gear.Only minor issues are a bit slower targeting than Grim Dawn or Diablo 3, but the game oozes style.With this Anniversary Edition a lot of fixes have been made aswell as added a lot of things.If you ever liked any Diablo and have not played Titan Quest, you need to play it!9/10"
76561197999590055,Recommended,475150,25283194,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,nibas,"A great buff to the old classic TQ, brought to you by Nordic Games. Got this as a gift from the devs since I already owned TQIM. Thanks for keeping this great game alive!"
76561198030014562,Recommended,475150,25315228,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Craig,"A great game. Played hundreds of hours of the original, and this anniversary edition makes multiplayer easier and lets me enjoy the game again. Endlessly re-playable and fun. The perfect co-op LAN ARPG, and one of my favourite games of all time!"
76561197967563407,Recommended,475150,25347723,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Cobra Mullet,"Still a great game after all these years and now even better with Nordic`s updates. This game also works flawlessly with Windows 10, despite what others have may have commented, it must be an issue with their hardware instead because I`ve had no such problems running it."
76561198068817182,Recommended,475150,25349680,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Slayer JO,The best game i have ever played. enjoying it so much. if anyone would like to play multiplayer add me.
,Recommended,475150,25314394,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,SWAT_Horigamy,"I just want to say that TQ is for sure the game that mark my childhood. I play it since it came out and every time I switch to a new computer or format my actual PC, this is the first game that I install. I recommend everyone to play it and I can't thank Nordic Games enough for bringing back this title and its multiplayer mode.  You guys made me feel like I was 16 again :DThanks again and keep on the amazing work guys :D"
76561198091376014,Recommended,475150,25332539,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,kyzy_4399,I can't explain to my professor why I missed 2 meeting.
,Recommended,475150,25295058,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,twitch.tv/suk4ritas,"Titan Quest was the most enjoyable ARPG including endless hours and builds.Bought both games long ago just to see them in the Library, so I got this one FOR FREEEAnniversary Edition has all the Community updates plus a fine reworkWORKSHOP SUPPORTI'M HAPPY10/10"
,Recommended,475150,29900199,Posted: 13 February,all,Candesco,"In 2006 an unknown developer called IronLore came with a rpg that was about the greek mythology. It was called Titan Quest. It was a hack 'n slash rpg, much like diablo, but it wasn't exactly like diablo. You saw also other influences in it,as one of the people who worked on it was Brian Sullivan, which was the co-developer of Age of Empires. And you could see that back. Later the game got an expansion, Immortal Throne, with adds new things. Then the gold edition followed, with the basegame and the expansion included.  Ironlore filled in for bankruptcy. Former employees founded later Crate Entertainment, who came with a spiritual successor called Grim Dawn.  10 years has passed. And now Titan Quest is back, revived by Nordic and polished into this very Anniversary Edition.The first thing you notice with this Anniversary Edition is that it is not some HD remake. It still got the same graphics of 2006. A HD version wouldn't do justice in my opinion. The original version was a good game, but got some serious bugs and glitches. When i played the original game i got black lines on my minimap and sometimes the background was flickering. That is solved in the Anniversary Edition. Have to say that it is more polished now. The anniversary edition is an overhaul of the original game, fixing problems that were never solved.For those new to the game here's a summary of what it is and what you get:Titan Quest is a hack 'n slash rpg, means you slay hordes of enemies and get alot of loot. Quests are straight forward, just go from a to b and kill the mobs. In Titan Quest you first create a character and you can choose a gender and also change the colour of your tunic (sortkind of undergarments) . You start first outside the village of Helos. Once you hit level 2 you choose one the 9 available masteries (8 from the basegame, 1 added with immortal throne). At level 8 you can choose a second mastery, combining it then to an unique class. The story of Titan Quest will let you travel through Ancient Greece, Ancient Egypt and Ancient Asia, where you visit unique places and face dangerous enemies. The expansion adds a chapter of travelling through the underworld, but that is only for the strong ones. Movement in Titan Quest goes with the mouse, attacking goes with mouse too. Some keys on the keyboard are used for spells, potions and the like.Each important place got a portal where you could travel back to once you have visited it. There is a caravan driver as well, where you could store items in it which you don't use yet, but might to use it later on. And there is an enchanter, to create powerfull artifacts, should you have an arcane formulae and the right reagents. There is also a strange npc in each big city which lets you revoke masterypoints, but at a price however.I see in some other reviews that a comparison is made with Grim Dawn. Not surprising if you know that the dev of Grim Dawn is created by some former employees of IronLore, the dev of Titan Quest. But where Titan Quest has many options, Grim Dawn feels somewhat capped. Another difference is that Grim Dawn is always dark and doesn't have a day/night cycle, where Titan Quest does have that. In my opinion Titan Quest is the better of the two. It also lives more and there is so much to do and to see. It has nice music as well.I can recommend this game, if you're into hack 'n slash rpg."
,Recommended,475150,25315208,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,abcug,Very good lookin' and polished rpg and it's for free for those luky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s ( like me ) who had the original TQ in the library! :)
76561198020719716,Recommended,475150,25350600,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Britard,A classic arpg only polished and balanced. A great game even though there are a few bugs here and there which i'm sure the great developers at THQ Nordic will fix soon :)
,Recommended,475150,25352576,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,mecatronic,"Some aspects of the game deserved updates as well that were available in the famous fanpatch, but overall, this is a very good game."
,Recommended,475150,25332310,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,riipah,"It's like Diablo II but better in almost every way. Simple hack and slash action RPG. Not much of a story, but diverse enough character classes that can be mixed."
76561198089047603,Recommended,475150,28833571,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,cbwesselius,Titan quest has lots of character skills to choose from and is very easy to learn! Save the world as you level up and find epic loot!
,Recommended,475150,25624088,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Szechuan Teriyaki Dipping Sauce,"This game killed my mouse ten years ago, hope it's not going to happen again."
,Recommended,475150,25599182,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,xDarkSwordx,Very good game i like it more than diablo 3.
,Recommended,475150,25369782,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Crowcreek,"Fun hack n slash , many builds to choose from. I never tried the original but glad I got this now. Runs butter smooth, good music and just enjoyable. If you liked diablo 2, then you will love this."
,Recommended,475150,25369642,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Godzie,"Very addicting and interesting game for the first 20 hours of gameplay.Not very clear first mission, had some problems figuring out how to pick up items.Big plus of this game is that grinding isn't 70% of the gameplay.8/10 Overall."
,Recommended,475150,25370993,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Omabroodje,Like ARPG's? Get this game
,Recommended,475150,25602411,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Pijus,"Po 10 metu vis dar smagu zaist , nors daug nuplagijuota nuo Diablo 2"
76561197977485319,Recommended,475150,27842680,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Circinellu,"Bon jeu, durée relativement longue"
,Recommended,475150,25601999,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,H A P P Y  D A Y,"Oh yes, good old times playing that game on my gf's laptop. 2 years of pure happiness. Bringing back the memories, suicadal tendencies. This game brings to me a lot of memories and sadly, emotions. Why am i still alive without the one i love."
76561198033935779,Recommended,475150,27864309,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cruxe,THE NECKLACE OHH!!... Still best in 2016 really gj Thqnordic
76561198049683833,Recommended,475150,25573637,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,DailySuicide the Explorer,Awsome hack n' slash game. Has a bit of FPS lagg on my laptop wich is 1 year old. Probably runs fine on desktops and top laptops. Defenetly a must for hack n' slash lovers. The lore is pretty simple but compensates with a very smooth gameplay and hundreds of possibilities in terms of itemization and skills.* * * * *
,Recommended,475150,27862240,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Riddert,"If you played this back in 2006, buy it and enjoy the nostalgia :)"
,Recommended,475150,35486475,Posted: 4 October,all,Fiery,Its a fun game and it has the biggest campaign i ever played its good for people that have that good taste of collecting loots.grind powerful legendaries.Action and Rpg at the same timeTry the game i reccomend it
,Recommended,475150,25912206,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Duchess,"This was a great game 10 years ago, and it's a great game now. Classic clicky. love love 10/10 will play again. and again. and again..."
,Recommended,475150,26009517,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Praetorian11,Still good after 10 years!! :)) <3
76561198067951569,Recommended,475150,26044638,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Doomlilith,Love it. Lots of custimization. Feels like the long lost brother of dioblo 2.
,Recommended,475150,25897670,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,ChocolateSweats,"Awesome ARPG, highly recommended to fans of Diablo. Anniversary edition is great, but at 53 hours at time of review I feel like I have barely scratched the surface."
,Recommended,475150,26055771,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Saltare,Still remains a fantastic game!
76561197970542912,Recommended,475150,32667634,Posted: 22 June,all,Yes?,"The old version was as good as Diablo 2, this one is even better - it´s a classic that´s not as dark and samey as most arpgs out there. 9/10."
,Recommended,475150,32242318,Posted: 7 June,all,seFEARoth AlucarD,"If you just looking for one line to make a decision, GET THIS GAME shhh I don't care, GET IT!!!Ok, let me start by saying I don't post many reviews and this will be a long one, so please ignore the randomness, but this game deserves it. Ignore the game time, I have hundreds of hours in this game, I had it years ago, lost the disc, got it again, new computer, got it again so on and so forth. I think my highest char whas lv 40+ish, so when I saw this game on steam and being redone, I had to get it. Tid bit of information here, I did get it during the sale for around $4, with that said, I would gladly pay the full price for it again and again.Little background on me, I'm not new to games rpgs, hack n slash or others, I just want to point out I'm not some star blinded kid buying his first game. With that said, I still believe Titan Quest is a massivly overlooked game, but I hope Steam will help it get out there. I do own Dragon Age Inquisition, Skyrim, Dungeons and Dragons, Diablo LOD, is this any of them, no, no it isn't. I'm not going to say the graphics are Inquisition levels, or open worldness like Skyrim, or that it's a better story than diablo, this game stands on it's own in my opinion.Some Things I like about this game:The replayability for me is huge, being able to choose two masteries and how you develop those keeps bringing me back, fully level a mastery for the stats or partly level the mastery and focus on skills? I like that how you develop the masteries and or skills makes a huge difference, so far for me, it's hard to find two people who are actually built the same way. You might see two people who both choose warfare mastery, yet one fully developed his mastery while the other focused on skills so they both play different and fill different roles, that is awesome to me.The story, kinda. I like mythology and if you do, you will love some of the scenes, if your not big on mythology, then it's a nice switch up, it's not just go kill this, it is go kill this minotaur from that one story you slightly remember as a child, talk to this person, you've heard of him before , he is a great warrior, to me that makes a difference, is it that much different in actuallity then go here kill this, no, but I like having my mind relating this game to stories I remember, a nice touch. The places and people are well done also, no not every npc has some game changing information or quest, but let's face it, most people are boring, why would it be different in a game honestly, why would this rag coverend 5 year old know where the leader of the invading army is as well as where to find a weapon to kill him? We've got a little to demanding thinking every npc should have lines of information and quests, sometimes it's nice for non-content npcs to be just that.Music and general ambiance, is the music on par with your newest action movie scenes, no. Does it have the amazing ambiance that games like Skyrim reach, no. However, I can still get lost in the sound and look of the game, which is a win for me.The loot, this is huge to me, I repeat HUGE. If your like me, then you hate fighting that one boss with the huge glowing sword and after a half hour of fighting you finally slay the beast only to have it drop a low level item, the difference here is that when you see that boss with that glowing sword, you can actually get that exact sword, from that exact monster. This is huge for me, honestly, I've never really understood how a rat I killed in a basement happened to have that godly armor, to me that takes away from the experience, here I haven't had anything I wouldn't expect to drop from a monster. I like being able to know I have a good chance getting that item I want because this guy carries it. I don't like when this level 5 boss has a weapon I can't get till level 10 in a area two towns away, then when I kill him all the sudden he has a low level weapon, that makes no sense. In this game for example, I fought a cyclops who kept destroying me because of his glowing club, I wanted that club, I didn't go to the low level place and hope a low level monster that had no hands would drop it, no I kept fighting the cyclops, and eventually, that club that messed me up was now my loot, his armor that was near unbreakable, now mine to wear. Sorry to take so much space for this, but again huge part to me. Also that the monster use skills you'd expect, you won't see a lvl 1 enemy rogue using anything other than lvl 1 rogue skills, that they do use skills is awesome too.Ok, so I just did a look back and this is getting long. So even though I could review this game for another 1000 lines, and I fully planned to, let me start to end it here.Things I don't like: Honestly there's not much I don't. Dying sucks, but there's usually something you can do different.Three tips for new people, I'm sure most people know this information but:1. Potions are your friend, in all honesty I'm having a hard time thinking of a game where potions played such a crucial role, usually I try to get by without potion spamming. I think games that require you to potion spam are not good, if anything can be done by spamming potions, then equipment isn't that important basically, not so here. I have spammed potions non stop and still been killed, there's no guarantee that just because you have 100 potions your not going to die, chances are you still will. Potions don't make most fights that unfair, you still need to think. Running into a group of enemies spamming potions will still end in your death, as it should.2. Second is for people new or looking for better ideas, in my opinion, always go for ranged creatures first, most people when surrounded by melee and ranged attackers will try to fight though the melee first, you will almost certianly die. Keep in mind you can only have a max number of 8 melee attackers on you at any time, not so for ranged, add to that the fact that ranged usualy ignore your armor with pierce and you can see why trying to kill those two melee attackers while 5 ranged attackers turn you into a dart board never goes well, focus on ranged then melee. My basic tactic for attack goes DOT enemies, ranged then melee, these include fire, bleed, rogue traps etc, Aura monsters Ranged then melee again, finally ranged basic then melee basic.3. DOT (damage over time) abilities or weapons. This should go without saying because it applies in most games but still, some people just don't know. There are monsters that employ a hit and run tactic, add to that you have 5 other enemies trying to kill you and they have DOT, things can get hectic. I always recommend two types of DOT for these situations. My current character can kill most monsters I face with one hit and DOT, I currently use poison and bleed. This also helps with the tip above, while surrounded by melee attackers apply DOT to one before running after the ranged, I try to hit everything once, then continue the DOT, Aura, Ranged, Melee tactic above, that way everything is half hp when I'm done with the ranged monsters, easy clean up.So if you made it this far, thank you for reading, if you just scrolled here, maybe read the whole review.If your thinking about getting this game, get it. If you like rpgs, get it. You like feeling like a massive unstopable force, good luck in this game. Remember, this isn't the newest AAA rpg or hack and slash game out there and as such shouldn't be compared to them but with that said, I own a few amazing new games, yet here I am logging heavy hours and writting a review about this game, that should tell you something."
76561198030615271,Recommended,475150,32166360,Posted: 3 June,all,James,"fyi, the game is running fine on my windows 10 too on widescreen and not in safe mode, as that is a selection it has too. its a easy as pie to pick up on, needs no reading of docs really to it. has a great feel the same as Diablo games but out side, and magic is fun and easy too. has like 8 or 9 classes to it to make you the happy kid on the block. what can i say, on a scale of 1 to 10, iso far i got to give it an easy 8 1/2. by the way, its feels better to play than most games just coming out now a days"
,Recommended,475150,33180215,Posted: 3 July,all,Logos,"A bargain. Now i can remember old times, good times when the games were full of challenges and without bugs"
76561197989990554,Recommended,475150,29791823,Posted: 8 February,all,Ainsley_Animal,"Simply incredible. All the fastpaced, fun combat of Diablo is changed to a slow and steady game brimming with content. You have almost 10 spells to choose from! So cool...My complements to Iron Lore and THQ Nordic for creating this amazing piece of entertaining gameplay. Whenever you feel the game is done THERE'S STILL MORE TO DO!!!! 10/10 would play again.H. Ainsley"
76561198027905594,Recommended,475150,25291536,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Mindaugas,Forever this game will be my D3 ! :)
76561198317827977,Recommended,475150,33915863,Posted: 30 July,all,sb9814,25 hours in and I am really enjoying it!
,Recommended,475150,25375123,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Winona Ryder,"Same game, just a few visual and performance updates to get it up to speed. So, complaining about the balance is quite illogical because it was updated for that.Regardless, a gem in the shadow of the Diablo juggernaut that lost in an ocean of mediocracy.That said, i5 6500/Intel HD running DX11 is still having shadow flickering issue. Have to turn it off to not ♥♥♥♥ up my eyes. No server-side multiplayer (closed multiplayer as oppose to local or open), so game is still easy to just glitch and hack your way into tiresome."
76561198029300088,Recommended,475150,25381814,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,yenkin2001,"Never having played Titan Quest when it was first release, when I saw the price I could not resist as there are very few really outstanding ARPG's on the market.  The premise is similar to most other ARPGs go out smack monsters, kill bosses collect loot, play through the story, rinse and repeat.  What set this aside is of course the fact that it takes place in Roman/Greek mythology.I am pleasantly surprised that the game has held up with the test of time, I played a few hours and had some fun.  The graphics are OK, and they have updated the  video to allow play on the wide screen monitors at the 1920x1080 resolution which gives you since not bad looking graphics, it is a bit outdated, but the retro look is fine and after all the proof is in the game play as much as the graphics.Game play is typical ARPG, smack monsters finish quests level up, pick a profession or two continue on the journey.  If you have not played this game, but have played the recent release of Grim Dawn, the leveling mechanics will be familiar. Through unlike grim dawn I have yet to find something that will allow me to refund points for a more focused build which later on I assume can come back and haunt you.While I don't think this will be a goto game for me, a play through will certainly be worth it just to see the story line.  There are far more polished games on the market POE and Grim Dawn but none set in a unique time frame like TQ.For the RETRO feel, game play and fun this is a 7.5/10, I would rate this higher but I don't know if it  has the repeat appeal that POE or even D3 has.  But I will acknowledge that Grim Dawn took some mechanics from this game.  and this is worth a play."
76561198063103825,Recommended,475150,25388542,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Morphadron,"One of the best RPG game ever you could find.Class system is amazing,Every time you start with a new class, you might say, ""Am I gonna play the game from start and do everything again?"" My answer is that it will feel so different that you won't be able to resist from doing it.Story is excellent,no words to describe.10/10"
,Recommended,475150,25380898,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,I Use Fish As Fleshlights,Absolutely awesome!! the same elements of the old games with Multiplayer capabilities!!!10/10 definitely recommend
,Recommended,475150,25381155,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,🎃 Cabron Pendejo 🎃,a gem has returned!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,475150,26468317,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Dimitrius,"It's Titan Quest, but better, faster, harder and prettier.Buy it for the memories, play it for the kudos."
76561198328903864,Recommended,475150,26652312,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,actjuanscenejuan,"This game, or combination of games really, is so much fun to play solo and multi. The possibilities of character traits and weapons are really great. It is not often that I will play a game for hours but this is truly that much fun.."
76561197994563865,Recommended,475150,28386288,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,MidgetofDoom,"Its strange how much things have changed in the gaming world in ten years. Ive been playing games longer than most people on steam have been alive probably and I remember a time when there were several good releases in every genre every year. Despite there being more choice now than ever most genres dont even exist outside of the occasional kickstarter or remake. I remember when a good RTS was released every 8 months, an isometric turn-based strategy game was a genre not just an ""X-com"" rip off and you would get a good one every year at least. Go ""Commandos"". That was when ARPG's were not games that really were compared to each other except by hardcore battlenet players and there werent as many of those. Most people lanned Diablo 2 with their buddies and were open to mixing it up anytime a good ARPG came out. Titan Quest was one of those, a really solid game that I think gets better with age because it wasnt so succesful its been heavily copied. The cross classing is still pretty unique for an ARPG, as well as its decision to have a colorful simple yet tasteful palette visually, along with npcs that actually have interesting dialogue; the storytellers come to mind. Most people actually bought a game to beat it and the amount of content in it did not disappoint.I really only bought this game the day it came to hopefully help convince whoever controls the property to make a sequel. But I will say its held up so well I played it for hours when I finally got around to firing it up. Now I have plans on running through it at least once more.If you beat this and really enjoy it check out Grim Dawn. A game made by some of the developers of this. Uses the same engine, has cross classing, relics and level design that higlights changes in altitude."
76561198206436705,Recommended,475150,30847205,Posted: 30 March,all,Cowboybebop,"This is a great game, its one of those games you can really lose yourself into ya know one of those where did the last 8 hours go kind a games"
,Recommended,475150,30878608,Posted: 1 April,all,BohdanQQ,"Huge Game Was Given Second LifeBefore I start let me just inform you that I've played much more of Titan Quest than Steam hours on record say... I just play a offline a lot. Furthermore I GOT TQ:AE FOR FREE BECAUSE I HAD ALREADY OWNED TQ:IT!!!Multiplayer is BACK!!!One of the most annoying things about TQ:IT was that the GameSpy (multiplayer provider) services had been shut down so TQ players like me were forced to rely on 3rd party LAN gaming software which was a bitter solution for some gamers but it at least existed... Now thanks to NORDIC GAMES we enjoy unlimited multiplayer experience! Thank you Nordic!!!BalancingNordic has brought many bugfixes and balances officially into the game. I personally love the changes they have made so far and I sincerely hope that they are going to continue. Nordic developers surely work really hard on the game and they frequently answer questions and try to help gamers.Recently a developer has sort of confirmed incomingcontroller support!!!22nd March 2017:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorI cant confirm anything here but we are looking into serious gamepad support now. Its for sure a few more months out.And more things are probalby about to come!SummaryThis is an obligatory buy for everyone who already owns any ARPG game, even Titan Quest itself because if I hadn't recieved this for free (see above) I would have 100% bought this for full price simply becauseNordic games had the balls to bring out resources for an exellent butblindshot!"
,Recommended,475150,30949242,Posted: 4 April,all,Huzberd,"I originally play it back in 2006, I'm glad they revamp it."
76561197993421641,Recommended,475150,32536941,Posted: 18 June,all,FIGIOT,+ Still looks good+ Interesting Talent trees+ You can mix any two of the 8(?) talent trees+ You can increase the gamespeed+ Loot+ Mods- Leveling a bit slow8/10. This is still a solid ARPG. Altough I enjoyed it a lot more 10 years ago.
,Recommended,475150,28076583,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Nazaniel,"I need to write a review, so here i am:do you like mythology, history research, and kick all satires you found to the top of something? This is your game!Really, it's a must for any fan of the genre.Now i need some more satires...PD. I will update this for a more serious review. Just buy the game."
76561198093203804,Recommended,475150,33953562,Posted: 1 August,all,probe,"Solid ARPG. Lots of combat, lots of loot, lots of customization, grindy.Great greek mythology theme. Visuals holds up nicely. Audio is ok. Seems it's possible to find someone to play with online."
76561197996537293,Recommended,475150,27495070,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sukhoi,"Certains lui préféreront sont pendant moderne ""Grim Dawn"" (excellent au demeurant) mais Titan Quest reste mon hack'n Slash favori car le background mythologique me fait beaucoup plus vibrer que la dark fantasy. On met du temps à looter, il faut décimer des centaines d'ennemis avant de trouver son premier objet épique mais que c'est bon quand ça arrive !Il n'est pas exempt de défauts (c'est à la limite d'un clicker dans certaines zones), mais l'ambiance, la combinaison des classes et les objets épiques et légendaires font qu'on y revient toujours. Intemporel.https://youtu.be/Al6Lcs2zjKg"
,Recommended,475150,30816260,Posted: 29 March,all,mquc,8.3 hours in and it's a really cool game. It's exactly what I wanted it to be -a modern Diablo II/Divine Divinity clone.
,Recommended,475150,25282099,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,KiNG,❤️
76561197971088364,Recommended,475150,25283197,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Rale,This purchase was a no brainer years ago. If you still don't own it. Now's your chance to remedy that mistake for only 5 bucks.
76561197972406124,Recommended,475150,25318198,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Kacho,"Titan Quest is a fantastic ARPG and it still plays extremely well despite being 10 years old. The character building is the best part, with tons of possible character builds to customize as you see fit. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,475150,25296623,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Complex,It appears they added an update right after Anniversary edition launch.Been working great for me.
76561198131289694,Recommended,475150,25304090,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Phawthira,Very good RPG game..
76561198116624693,Recommended,475150,25323280,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Wie,i summoned a golem set it aggresive and watch it do the work and keep runnning lol
76561198006287301,Recommended,475150,25281389,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Çlårï§†422,This game was fun after they closed the servers before ( I enjoyed Diablo II if that explains anything ) This game is like the roman version of diablo I'll have to check out the mp.
,Recommended,475150,25318383,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,McDanger,"Fun game for that nostalgic feel, plays a lot like Diablo 2."
76561198000115987,Recommended,475150,33052989,Posted: 30 June,all,Tank le black,excellent better than diablo 3
76561197965654702,Recommended,475150,25511630,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Swanson,Excelent game.  Love the remaster version.   Fixed all the problems the old one had.  I would recommend this game to anyone who loves diablo.
76561198212667045,Recommended,475150,27022383,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Inspector,"The mythology of ancient Greece, ancient Egypt and China. Only here the ordinary mortal may descend into the realm of the dead and to fight Hades himself."
,Recommended,475150,29861153,Posted: 11 February,all,Slurgi,Picked it up for $3 on sale. Amazing game for the price. 100+ hours of diablo-esque content.
76561198030757553,Recommended,475150,28232942,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,blackmage1582,"Titan Quest is a fantastic Action RPG, and really appeals to my love of multiclassing from other games such as Final Fantasy (V, X-2, and Tactics) and Guild Wars 1, with all of the loot and skill point farming of Diablo II !I recently got the Anniversary Edition on sale for a steal! It stands as a great experience even today, but I wish I knew about this game ten years ago! TQ is rated 13+ so I could have had an incredible ARPG then despite not being able to get my hands on the 17+ Diablo II at the time!Background info: Starting with Diablo 3 as my first ARPG instead, (dabbling in D2 briefly to understand what people were upset about with D3 at launch) the second ARPG I played for some amount of time is Path of Exile. What I love about that ARPG is that, not only is it 100% free to play with absolutely ZERO Pay2Win, the character class system is mind-staggeringly open ended. You have a giant sphere grid FFX style, except entirely unrestricted directionally and your choice of one from 7 possible character classes really only determines where you start on the grid.This perhaps ridiculous degree of customization is in some ways both simplified and expanded upon in Titan Quest. At two specific early levels, your hero in Titan Quest may choose one of 9 Masteries, such as Defense and Rogue, or Nature and Spirit, giving 36 Mastery combinations to pick from which form your character's class. Each Mastery consists of a skill tree reminiscent of one you might see in D2, with a Mastery bar next to it. As well as unlocking subsequent tiers of skills in the skill tree, the Mastery bar gives your character health, energy (mana), and stat increases depending on the chosen mastery. Comparing to PoE, this lets you mix and match chunks of their Passive Skill Tree which might not be close enough to work together well in Path of Exile.i.e. Having max Dream mastery gives +64 Strength, +56 Intelligence, 1120 Health, and 256 Energy and also having max Hunting mastery gives +80 Dexterity, +56 Strength, and 1120 health to your ""Haruspex,"" the Dream/Hunting class.The potential for misallocating stat points like a new player might easily do in Diablo 2 is somewhat alleviated. This combines your skill and stat points into a single type of skill point which one must still wisely distribute between mastery and skill levels. Balancing out this apparant simplification out however, Titan Quest also gives the player 2 additional Attribute points with their 3 Skill points upon reaching a new character level, in order to give you an opportunity to min/max your stats (Health, Energy, Strength, Dexterity, Intelligence) with Attribute points as needed. Compared with both Diablo 2 and Path of Exile, Titan Quest Anniversary Edition provides an addicting character progression system that is both deeply customizable yet friendly to new players.Last but certainly not least, the story and setting of the game are a refreshing change of pace from all of the doom and gloom standard for the genre. The mythological tone of Titan Quest will make it stand the test of time, even with Grim Dawn on my Steam Sale watch list."
,Recommended,475150,30344678,Posted: 5 March,all,The Virtuoso,Nice old school game .
76561198002069892,Recommended,475150,33817232,Posted: 26 July,all,Dokey,TOO.MUCH.GRIND.it's alright though
,Recommended,475150,25722792,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Muad'Dib,"One of the greatest, if not the greatest ARPGs that has ever existed! The graphics are still beautiful (after a decade!!!) the quests, lore and stories always feel  fresh, even when you've done them 5+ times before. I am filled with nostalgia while playing this, but also a sense of awe at how well this game has aged. 10/10"
76561198008554393,Recommended,475150,25279476,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Mindbender,Thank you so much THQ Nordic for giving me a great reason to replay this amazing game again!
76561198037369871,Recommended,475150,27005366,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Roderick,"One of the best stories if you look for mythology and a solid RPG, nicly adapted to the time now. :)"
76561198025233966,Recommended,475150,25299568,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Zero's Escape,"Great graphics, 144FPS runs smooth, Boobs bounce."
,Recommended,475150,25486829,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,pink981,It's still good game.
76561198025119202,Recommended,475150,32325382,Posted: 10 June,all,MrMojoRisin,One of the best Diablo II-esque games out there. Play it and get hooked!5/5
,Recommended,475150,25839356,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Zizpra,this is actually better than all the diablo games like woah
,Recommended,475150,26038535,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Narquois ☝,Yes.
,Recommended,475150,25637195,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,zlnrkns,"Yes, this is a good game."
76561198073249921,Recommended,475150,25937085,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Romavictrix,this game is amazing. such childhood memories
76561198113600613,Recommended,475150,26123589,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Lãng Khách,Anniversary for the old goods
,Recommended,475150,25997943,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Fake,Nice game
,Recommended,475150,25608415,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,FireArcher14,I rly love this game! i learn so much in mythology bcs of this game
,Recommended,475150,27835947,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BlackShade,This game is most certainly one of my favourite Action-RPG games of all time. You buy now
,Recommended,475150,27836981,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,One Space Cryptid,"Everything became better after Titan Quest Anniversary incoming. New kinds of monsters, achievments and finally good-working multiplayer. Can play it without a break."
,Recommended,475150,27750163,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,mkess,"The one game, that I nominated for ""The Test of time""It's a fantastic diablo like game. wih the paossibility to mix 2 of seven classes, to make unique character combinations.It has a high replayability because of that system."
76561198027692961,Recommended,475150,25588202,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Vikingheir,"I felt really nostalgic when I played and it felt good to come back,9/10."
,Recommended,475150,33953538,Posted: 1 August,all,Pro-health tea drinker [TH],This game is fkn worth ?Hell yeah baby!!6.9/10#Hades  fkn sucks! #best rpg ever (maybe)
,Recommended,475150,28147848,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Farlitox,"If you like Diablo II, This is the definitive way to go. It's all the good things and much more.Nothing comes close to this.10/10"
76561198013405061,Recommended,475150,25316724,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Lord Dindu,Better than Diablo 3.
76561198004571319,Recommended,475150,25340152,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,sasbitterhold,"really good arpg, has runes you can put together to create better one, kind of like the gem system in diablo.inventory has been upped to xtra bags and personal inventory as well is nice.easy item transfer, so you can give your other toons items.dual major skills so you can mix and match with a guy that buys back your skill points if you dont like them.playing 3 toons atm.earth/spirit got a big♥♥♥♥♥molten tank that spams threat and a litch lord that sits back and spams magic.warrior/rouge plenty of DPS, but i sink fortunes into potions.my new dream/defence got some crazy 23 health regen going on at level 7 hehe.i got this game for free as i just bought titan quest gold a few weeks ago i guess i got lucky.playing each of the games a week in order makes you appreciate what they keep adding to the title, great job."
,Recommended,475150,26876535,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,EPinter,Best ARPG!One of the only game I want to play after 10years
76561197994401667,Recommended,475150,25338632,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Krom,"Went to the storage vendor.""By Hermes and Isis both, welcome!""Suddenly it hits me.I'm part of a small force, outmanned and outgunned, scrounging up whatever weapons I can from the battlefield.  Fighting against a superiour foreign power that seeks to destroy my way of life.  Only through my faith in the Gods can I overcome this foe.  Indeed my mission is to reunite my people with the Voice of the Gods.  Through the power of Isis the foreign devils will be sent back to their homeworld.This is my Jihad."
,Recommended,475150,25275487,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Ⓣ☯Ⓜ,"It's back! This is one of the best ARPG games of all time, with an amazing mythological theme. Graphics are good, gameplay smooth - what's not to like? I highly recommend you buy this game if you don't have it already as it's worth every cent. If you absolutely don't like ARPGs you can always refund it. So just get it!"
,Recommended,475150,25654652,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Zestorm,This game is still awesome after 10 years! You shall finish it !
,Recommended,475150,25278375,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Beef Supreme,"This is it boys. The one, true Diable-killer.Pro-tip: Listen to The Crystal Method's ""Vegas"" for a more comprehensive experience."
,Recommended,475150,32143266,Posted: 2 June,all,pittstonjoma,"A lot like Diablo and Path Of Exile. I have Windows 10, and it works fine for me."
,Recommended,475150,34241315,Posted: 14 August,all,oshi,"Just how it used to be, and even better.This re-release brings back memories of how I thought this game had the best graphics I had ever seen back when it was originally released back in 2006.- Looting system is great (has different rarities on items)- Boss fights are challenging- Customization within talent trees is top notch.- Includes an updated and reworked fun-to-play multiplayer system9.2/10 this game will never die.Highly recommended for both new players as well as people who have played the original release.~ oshi"
76561197961888729,Recommended,475150,28127890,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Crutch,"I am giving this game a possitive score, but honestly it kind of got boring. It's basically Diablo but with poor voice acting, and set in a greek mythical atmosphere. I liked torchlight a lot more. This, it was some fun so if you can get it cheap, do so."
,Recommended,475150,29875600,Posted: 12 February,all,urnightmerry,Nice game
,Recommended,475150,27033106,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Confused Fool,I thnik it should win because it was hard to play before the update nad now it is more managable.
,Recommended,475150,25289148,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Cr8ToR,"We asked for working MP, we got working MP.And on the plus side the game is also good ;)11/10Got this anniversary edition 4 free because i owned TQ and TQIT"
,Recommended,475150,27678386,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Frizz,"For a game first released in 2006, I was pleasantly surprised by the impulse purchase of Titan Quest: Anniversary Edition. After having burnt out on Diablo, Torchlight, Path of Exile, Helsing, and Victor Vran ARPGs the ancient mythological setting and skill system of TQ was refreshing and got me playing a lot more than I had anticipated. I would recommend the Titan Quest Anniversary Edition even at full price!"
76561198213532837,Recommended,475150,30411672,Posted: 9 March,all,yawa ka wang,60 hours into this games and it's one of the best Action RPG games I ever played because it fun to explore the massive fight gaint monsters and after done fighting the first batch of monsters you wonder what will pop up next This game does not hold your hand like most modern open world games do it's just you and your own wits to find out were your going making the experiance feel more rewarding to you (the player) once you find a temple or a hidden boss. Graphics detailed well-polished and are a treat to look at for a game released 10 years ago. While the gameplay may recemble other games like Diablo or WoW but the fun factor is most high according to the 60 hours I played sure backtracking to places you already been to and fighting the same monsters over and over can get redundent Story wise Hades releases the Titans escaped and are running a muck and you have to stop them before things get worse. Nothing Ground-breaking but like I said before the reward in defeating hades is worth it. This game also has great multiplayer and awesome mods too that add a large amount of replay value to the game.
,Recommended,475150,26394282,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Brontes,"As a player who has poured countless hours into Titan Quest, and Immortal Throne this game could not make me happier. Easily one of the greatest ARPGs of all time, this game seemlessly blends mythological monsters and creatures from all over the Greek, Egyptian and Chinese pantheons into a sprawling world for you to explore. Balance changes such as nerfts to the most powerful classes and buffs to the weaker ones make the true flexebility of TQ:AE's class system shine and adding skill modifiers to a wider range of loot means you won't be hard pressed to build a character that fits your style of play. Summoner with lots of crowd control while you sit back and heal? Check. Dual-weilding teleporting temporal maniac to fly around hacking and slashing? Covered. Flaming elemental master of molten rock giants that can also turn into a giant? Yes indeed. With endless ways to cusomize your character, dozens of in game bosses to fight and 3 new-game plus modes each with increasing difficulty, there's no end to your journey. All you have to do is take the first step."
76561197971528997,Recommended,475150,26345475,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Jamie,"Where do I start with this game..I first played it ten years ago, with it's mixture of Diablo style ARPG and Mythology setting I was in love, and put in more hours than I care to remember.Picking this up again is like visiting an old friend, one that clearly isn't showing it's age.. it feel polished and unlike the older version it isn't as jerky, even on the same hardware I played this on ten years agoIt looks crisper, feels more fluid and the resolution options make this all in all a better gameok, so pros firstIt's the same game as before, it feels the same and plays the same which is niceThe trees are still the same and have been fixed slightly so none of them are underpowered anymoreThe multiplayer is better than before.ok, and now the consIt;s the same game with no random map generation, so unless you really love this game as much as I did and still do, you'll find it can be on the 2nd playthrough a bit repetitive.. even if you go down a different mastery comboyou can still get item ninjas in multiplayer, unlike modern ARPG's like torchlight 2 and Diablo 3 where your loot.. is YOURS, you can still spot the perfect item for your build only for it to be stolen away by another player.The game isn't as long as I remember.. I easily burned through a lot of act 1 with ease.. and as I clearly remember all the acts, you really don't get a lot for your money.. that is if you have paid for it, I was one of the lucky few that was given it, for owning the old versions.Ok, to sum it up.. This is a classic ARPG that you will have a lot of fun with, it's quirky and you will want to back your save up incase you make a collosal mistake in min maxing (This can happen a lot)But it was one of the very few games I will always come back to, because the setting is lush.. vibrant and pulls at my heart, if you love ARPG's and tv shows like Atlantis or Hercules the Legendary Journies then you will love this game10/10 if you loved the original8/10 if you like games of this sort"
,Recommended,475150,32888653,Posted: 27 June,all,Ryuk,Wish I played this before Diablo III. after playing Diablo this game was a step back in the genre. Still a pretty good game though. Just remember to play it before Diablo III and not afterward.
,Recommended,475150,26031942,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Jack,"Titan Quest is my favorite part of my day. I was born with glass bones and paper skin. Every morning I break my legs, and every afternoon I break my arms. At night, I lie awake in agony until my heart attacks put me to sleep."
,Recommended,475150,26543642,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,JamZ ✪,Very good hack&slash game. I like it.
76561198095698794,Recommended,475150,27987623,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SonnyAD,Your inventory is full.Your inventory is full.Your inventory is full.10/10 would pick up EVERYTHING again.
76561198006541612,Recommended,475150,26671829,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Algaron,"I am surprise that there are so much attentions and updates on a 10 year old game. This is just AWESOME!!!!TQ is one of my favorite game of all time, If you guys add an expansion or something, you will have a fan right here : P"
76561198108813351,Recommended,475150,25359274,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez,"Great game for those into diablo/torchlight/path of exile. Aged quite well into 2016. My only con is that it will crash for no reason at all. Well the game font is horrendous, but that's ignorable."
,Recommended,475150,32146780,Posted: 3 June,all,Suncho,"EDIT: So I played a bit more, a couple of people wrote that my review is not to be considered, so i'm going to reconsider it.Let's start with the facts - This is a 10-11 year old game, that was patched with some changes are re-released for 20 bucks.So do I recommend it? Well at the moment the game is on sale, with that said -YES!For the lowered price of 4 bucks the game is almost a blast. I would recommend it even for a bit higher price. Maybe up to 8-10 bucks.When it returns to the original price -not so much.So let’s do what most people do - say the good and the bad.prosThe game is fun. The story, although nothing spectacular, is entertaining and engaging. There are a couple of masteries you can choose from to form your class, and you can pick two of them, or stick with only one, more concentrated mastery. This gives a lot of variety for classes, although I'm not sure how effective are some of the more strange combinations.(also on a side note, I'm currently playing Rogue + Nature, which for some reason makes Illusionist... not sure why, one would thing illusionist would be something with the Dream mastery, but hey... I guess all other fancy words are already taken)Also the classes are fun to use. There are not so much active skills like in other games, but it's still fun to use what's there. Plus there are a decent amount of passives that can change slightly the behavior or add new effects of other skills. For example adding more projectiles, or adding special abilities of summoned pets.The graphics are good, not sure how much they changed them from the original, if they even did I think they just added more resolution options, but they are still quite good. But the style is more important here. Everything looks really good from a design standpoint. The outdoor just feels more real compared to other ARPG titles. I'm sure that’s probably because the levels are not procedurally generated as with most games. Also there are no loading screens in-between zones, including dungeons, which is great!The music is good. The sound not so much, but it's passable.The setting of the game (greek mythology) is used perfectly. For some unexplainable reason (for me at least) they managed to immerse the player in the atmosphere, and when you reach something you have heard from stories you feel that strange feeling of awe.(similar to how you feel the first time you enter vanilla WoW and see the places from WC3 with your own character)cons:One of the biggest con and probably a turn off for a lot of players would be the fact that the combat system have not aged all that well. What I mean is, compared to more recent (and not so recent) titles, the combat doesn’t feel much impactful. There is some disconnect between the pc character and the mobs when you hit them. It just doesn't feel all that responsive. It could have been worse though and I personally don't mind it that much.Another thing is for some reason I'm experiencing frame rate drops from time to time... for no particular reason, at least not a visible one. My PC is not a beast but I play games like the Witcher 3 just fine on around medium 1080p60fps (some settings like AA are off, some are on ultra).But this game drops to 4fps from time to time for about a second, until it returns to steady 60fps again. It doesn’t happen very often, but it's not rare as well. It is enough to be noticed and annoying. Sometimes it happens while I’m fighting, sometimes it happens while I’m walking from merchant to merchant in some town. It's like periodically it load some kind of data or something.I immagine it would not be impossible to die because of that if it happens at the very wrong time.For me ALT+TAB or windows key does not work properly. Once I leave the game, my monitor turns black, and basically I can't do anything. I can see tabs changing when I press alt+tab again, but it doesn’t switch to any of them, just stays at black screen. And no Task Manager, it loads when I call if from the ctrl+alt+del menu, but it stays behind the ""black void"" so I can't turn off the game. no alt+F4 as well. So I had to restart the computer a couple of times when I wanted to respond to whoever was writing to me on viber and such, until I got used to the idea I should not do it. So a couple of restarts in an hour and I gave the ""Not Recommend"" for the game.People do rushed things when they are angry and annoyed.This could be fixed though. When you run it in window mode and force if for borderless window (to hide the ugly borders), alt+tab works fine.But I'm kind of surprised that for a game of that stature, they couldn't make a proper alt+tab function for 10 years, even with the new release and all the recent patches. If there was no fix it would have been unacceptable for me (although people have to search or experiment to fix this, which is also not nice). Some people may not understand why I give so much credit to something so little, the game could still be played, you just have to avoid alt+tab-ing, right? Well for me this is something normal, that every game should have at this point. Even if I or other people don't use it at all, it should be there. For me It's like a game not having sound options (or some other function like that), well you can still play the game just fine, but not being able to change volumes of sound/music/whatever is not acceptable, even if you don't have to change them in the first place.ConclusionThe game is fun, it's entertaining, it's enjoyable. But also it has some problems, which could be really annoying for some people, or a complete turn off, like the combat being not so responsive.If the game is on a decentsale - grab it.But if it is at the full price (20€), I think you better go to other games. After all this is a 10 yo game. If you want a good ARPG, just go for PoE, it's free.Is that a ""Recommended"" or ""Not recommended""? It's a hard one. I guess it's a recommend. It's a good game, it just doesnt cost as much as they want normally.Still if there was no fix for the alt tab problem I would have stick to my previous ""No"""
76561197994959523,Recommended,475150,29398440,Posted: 21 January,all,obelisc,"i still wish a lot more invtory and to. Can't move fast items, you must drag them from inventory to storage i want so that you could move with 1 right click or ctr+left click to move from invetory to storage when you trasfer 50-100 relics/charms from 1 to 2nd charater to use it as storagei wish there was max lvl cup 100 and new 4th dificulty and so that at max lvl you  have enought skill points to get all masterys max"
,Recommended,475150,26990953,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,x_WISHmaker_x,"Ok, let me tell you something. I am a little atmosphere-addicted lazy animal. This game gave me everything I wanted, when it was first released: greek mythology, heroic life purpose, full voiceover, amazing soundtrack, convenient controls, monsters to grind, cool graphics... And you know what? It kept giving me chills, goosebumps, warm feeling inside, even though there were more and more new exciting games to play. And this year I got this brand-new version with multiplayer THAT ACTUALLY WORKS, cloud saves and omfg ACHIEVEMENTS!!! And I got it FOR FREE! I just love you, guys, thank you so much, this game made my childhood complete.10 lich sorcerers out of 10"
,Recommended,475150,29438629,Posted: 23 January,all,Oak SK135,Nostalgia Trip.
76561198087614670,Recommended,475150,29560537,Posted: 29 January,all,Eye_of_Argyll,"Good old-school RPG, the items make this game. With the excitement of getting rare, epic or legendary drop, this game will keep you and your friends playing for hours (until you get bored and suggest Dota 2). With this new version, online multiplayer has been made available once again! Also great for LAN's."
,Recommended,475150,32784842,Posted: 25 June,all,ＨＡＤＤＯＣＫ,Good
76561198027011651,Recommended,475150,32112101,Posted: 1 June,all,C|pher,"At first when it came out I thought just another Diablo wannabe,  but after playing it a couple of times I thought it was actually quite cool.  That was back in 2003 or 2006?  Then I forgot about it, and Steam had the sale and I bought both Titan Quest & Immortal Throne and played a bit again in 2015?Anyway, it was frustrating because the item drops in the original series was so hard and to get the matching sets were like impossible.  Then THQ Nordic remastered and released the Anniversary Edition in 2016, played a bit and yeah! Items drop were plenty and a lot of unique items that can be mix and match, you don't need the complete set anymore!This is a great game for me and I enjoyed it.  Definitely a great game last time and also holds up well now."
76561198046237858,Recommended,475150,32476999,Posted: 16 June,all,Varegi,♥♥♥♥ing timesink.
76561198144503613,Recommended,475150,32174533,Posted: 4 June,all,POOH_LY,Great game ! The combined of 2 classes(masteries) is very cool feature! Anyway It wouldd be more perfect If  we can use WASD for moving control.
76561198169539960,Recommended,475150,29836587,Posted: 10 February,all,Iruam,Classic Nostalgic game..
76561198282565792,Recommended,475150,25387971,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Zgruffy,This is what Diablo 3 should have been. Play it.
,Recommended,475150,25387972,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,dukejason,This is a great rpg that wont let you down. Buy with confidence .
76561198044549531,Recommended,475150,32884076,Posted: 27 June,all,Io,Really fun game!
76561197971386388,Recommended,475150,25295419,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Hitman47,"Best HacknSlay ever!!! Graphics much better than Diablo 3, better dynamic shadows, high resolution textures with bumpmapping and all enemies have high bumpmapping textures!! And these Graphics are from 2006!! The Skilltree is awesome! You can combine two skill trees from eight ( ha ha eight or seven?!) Trees! There are many Options about the Char. You can choose woman or man and i think, this is important, because in other HacknSlays they have Chars for example like Vampire in Sacred 1 only as Woman. And who wants to be a Woman in a HACKNSLAY Game??? In this Game the Story is beautiful too, because of the Greece Myth or the Egypt and Chinese. Very Good Idea! It is very unlucky, that the developers make such a great Game in 2006 and only a few People know about it, even when its lot better than Diablo 3. I can recommend it!!!"
,Recommended,475150,25295466,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Octavarium,One of my favorite games of all time. What a pleasant surprise to see it updated!
76561197961800316,Recommended,475150,26469159,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Fyber_0ptixx,"Titan Quest Anniversary Edition, for its age, is still a really enjoyable hack and slash action rpg. It doesn't have some of the quality of life improvements newer titles like Diablo 3 have (quest/player indicators on the mini-map is fairly limited),  but it still holds up rather well. It also lacks that visceral feel you get from games like Diablo 3, or Path of Exile, when you get that next great item upgrade. The drop rates are fairly poor and not at all itemised to your class. I oft wondered why I hadn't created a caster. I'm fairly certain, at one point, I increased five levels without upgrading gear.In any case, I'd highly suggest this game, doubly so if you have a friend to play through it with. The difficulty really ramps up after you unlock the higher difficulties. There's also some endgame content, allowing you to track down additional mythical beasts that weren't available on a normal play through."
,Recommended,475150,27149081,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ADF,"Never tired of this one. Played the first version, the expansion and now the anniversary edition... epic like it was Diablo II back in time. If you like the genre.... It's a MUST!"
,Recommended,475150,27580811,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Vechernyaya,"For me, Titan Quest is simply the best hack n slash.8/10"
,Recommended,475150,27589090,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Vilmos,Best Diablo like game I have ever played.  Can't recommend it highly enough.
,Recommended,475150,26857357,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ain't nobody prayin' for me,It's soooo underrated. For me it's a lot better than even Diablo sersies.
,Recommended,475150,27390106,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Deus Zorro,Best Game ever
76561198147662060,Recommended,475150,30699713,Posted: 23 March,all,Alibrandr,"The Anniversary Edition update could be better. Maybe more room in stash, auto pickup for gold, two handed weapons, better drops and a controller support. But, it's still my favourite ARPG game. Nice theme, beautiful songs and a huge variety of builds to explore make this game unique."
76561197976805286,Recommended,475150,25335703,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,[Ch4news.team]HugoStiglitz,FUKEN EH BOYS FUKEN EH
,Recommended,475150,32163385,Posted: 3 June,all,Laurencius,• Excellent Graphics• Amazing Story• Easy to learn the game mechanics• You have a variety of classes• You can die sometimes wich will make the game not so easy• Perfect Concept• 10/10 <3
76561198316011815,Recommended,475150,28098989,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,PepsiStrong,"It is a very interesting game.Looking for treasures, strengthening equipment, I will passion forget the time.Also, by choosing a combination of skills, you can choose a lot of occupations. You can be a warrior, a bow, a wizard, a summoner. Even if there is a difference in difficulty, any occupation can capture.It is a wonderful masterpiece."
,Recommended,475150,30198922,Posted: 26 February,all,Sticky Fingazz ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 👉👌,classic
,Recommended,475150,28159092,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Trump,10/10
,Recommended,475150,25383433,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,DirtYone,"It is a Titan Quest, what else do you need!"
,Recommended,475150,25384972,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Lord Mandalore,You get to bring friends
,Recommended,475150,25385914,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Dreams,"It was a normal Saturday, I woke up, turned on my pc, and launched up Steam. Me and my brother have been playing Titan Quest together and progressing. I decided to make another character to collect some loot and runes for our main characters. I did, listened to music and chilled. This was when I realized I had actually played the game for 800 minutes straight. If you do the math thats a little over 14 hours. If the game was paid for a dollar an hour I would of just paid it over 3 times in one sitting. So, stop reading reviews, and go make your $5 purchase for the game."
,Recommended,475150,25469741,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,MiรтєяBαรιℓe ✔,Titan Quest Anniversary Edition is nice game !!
,Recommended,475150,25445176,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,mhs,epic game! upvoted
,Recommended,475150,25414657,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Eksevis,"A hard Diablo II-esque game taking place in Greek, Egyptian and Chinese mythology. Great for thoes who like grinding, item hunting, and action centric gameplay."
76561198372374986,Recommended,475150,34416967,Posted: 22 August,all,Liks,"Good old game.Diablo II fans will definately enjoy this one. Classic.+ Beloved by many players ""kill-farm"" mechanics.+ Good Variety of classes.+ Pretty fun co-op with your friends.+ Graphics are still enjoyable.- Cheaters in WAN mode."
,Recommended,475150,25415608,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,xion03,surprisingly fun.
,Recommended,475150,29389942,Posted: 20 January,all,Jovik,"Dig if you will my serverWhere you and I did never meetThis game's about to take long severeNow we can play together, can you picture this?Dream if you can an ancient villageAnd we start near the brookStrange beasts will act as if you're a savageThey feel the fear that comes with me and youHow can you just leave me standing?Alone in the game that I loveMaybe I'm just too demandingMaybe I just like a hardcore, no softMaybe you're just like a newbieThat complains all the timeHear how they scream when they die?This is what it sounds like, when undead cryLook if you will, in my sackSee how it's sorting insideYou've got the relics all tied upDon't make me chase you, alone you will dieLet the bosses live while they canWe'll come stronger than we've ever beenHades will fall and a woman will talk,We'll see our statues founded on a rockDon't act like a newbie,Crying, sharing what's on your mindIs this what it sounds likeWhen your mate's sick and dying?For me the best RPG I've ever played, I've played not a lot but still..."
76561198030308941,Recommended,475150,26932993,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tlaluc,Loved the original game(s) and love the anniversary edition for its vast range of playable classes. Even though the levels are handmade and not randomly generated there are arguments for replay it on and on. And it still looks good even though it is a little bit of age.
76561198020903208,Recommended,475150,27550868,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Xardas,This is a big surprise.
76561198082516765,Recommended,475150,27357636,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ratabago,"Nice, largely faithful, remake of a golden oldie. A bit grindy and slow in single player. Faster paced in multiplayer.  I keep coming back to this title, having nearly 200 hours in the original Titan's Quest, and over 1000 hours in Immortal Throne, which AE updates (yes, I've wasted my life:)).+ Pretty Graphics without huge system demands.+ Many different class cominations possible.+ Many different combinations of equipment.+ Combination of classes and equipment allows a wide range of play style from ""hit and run"" skirmisher (my favourite), heavily armoured ""tank"", high damage dealing ""glass sledgehammer"", various magic casters, team support characters, and quite likely many variations I've not thought of.+ Devs are still actively involved.- The world is very linear, there being a clear path through to the end, but backtracking is allowed, and sometimes profitable.- Still some bugs lurking from previous versions. But I've not found any game-stoppers.- The Devs are still tinkering, which can make annoying changes to already existing saved games- I keep thinking of interesting new approaches I would like to try. This means I rarely take a character through to the end of the game. I'm too busy wasting my life on this new idea.Highly recommended for fans of the older Diablo games."
,Recommended,475150,27218757,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,InKeNET,"What is better than Titan Quest?Yes, you are totally correct!!It'sTitan Quest Anniversary Edition!!!I started a new game and still playing it whenever I have some spare time.This time I hope that I can reach the end of the whole gameplay story."
,Recommended,475150,27232430,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,|ZCG| Zone Dymo,"Here is a game that is the result of the company trying to get some possitive PR.Well....they got it!.Titan Quest is still pretty great, and now some lingering issues have even been fixed!So yeah, good stuff."
,Recommended,475150,30798445,Posted: 28 March,all,SLSK™ | Migwyn,Titans sent me on an Anniversary quest idk why
76561198005951458,Recommended,475150,31531713,Posted: 3 May,all,Flocaccinos,Best RPG
76561198065484617,Recommended,475150,29245623,Posted: 14 January,all,Anima,I taveled the world chasing the villain just to catch up with him a few miles away from my starting point.10/10 i would travel the word again for no reason.
76561198046384668,Recommended,475150,25397251,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,jeslyck,I've got more than I thought can be recommended
76561198114403901,Recommended,475150,33350446,Posted: 7 July,all,DefenDog87,"Such story, much loot, wow, so mythological, no regrets, WOW, Too many deaths, very nostalgic."
76561198104307114,Recommended,475150,25810211,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Bulk Bogan,Amazing
,Recommended,475150,25457648,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,sweetgame,I'm a fan of the diablo series and played Path of Exile as well. Something didn't mix with me in this game. Maybe it's the old nature of the game. Either way I can see why people like it but it's not for me.
76561198073874393,Recommended,475150,26180020,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Lenyen,"I love this game, its so awesome and fun especially playing it online. the only complaint is that it lagges alot but it isnt bad lag"
76561198119211137,Recommended,475150,26139111,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,M2E,Its like diablo 3 but better.
76561198044624153,Recommended,475150,26138696,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Vidokas,Diablo 2.5
76561198021520715,Recommended,475150,26149888,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,LazseR,Awesome!
,Recommended,475150,30667827,Posted: 22 March,all,nightackle,"I recommend you to buy this game if you've played Path of Exile and WoW.The masteries and classes are well developed, not buggy at all."
,Recommended,475150,25276821,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,SajBear,It's great.
76561198070565479,Recommended,475150,25315144,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,mipbar,Yes
,Recommended,475150,25703884,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,TinkaBal,Great price for so much good contents.
,Recommended,475150,31874445,Posted: 20 May,all,Cαitlin № GO Yεa!™,Good game! Haven't completed it yet.
,Recommended,475150,30350248,Posted: 5 March,all,The Progenitor,"I played this game back in its heyday, and all I have to say is that it's pretty ballin'."
76561198070796571,Recommended,475150,25280112,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Karin Kanzuki,"It's Titan Quest, dude.It's literally Titan Quest + Immortal Throne combined into one game, with some balancing, performance and graphical tweaks. It gives you a slightly more personalized HUD than vanilla. It removes the dead GameSpy multiplayer and makes multiplayer actually possible again.Some people will tell you that the best ARPG is Diablo 2, those people have never played Titan Quest, that or they're too simple-minded to enjoy the insane amounts of different possible builds that Titan Quest offers.If you don't know what Titan Quest is this is the game that came before Grim Dawn, Grim Dawn is the spiritual successor to Titan Quest, many of the devs are even the same. Grim Dawn plays almost identically to Titan Quest, character development is similar, even the art-style is similar (or as similar as you can be considering TQ is in ancient Greece).I DO have one complaint though; there is no borderless-windowed mode. Sure, the original didn't have it, but how hard would it be to implement if you were overhauling the entire game anyway? This complaint may not apply to some, but as a person who is borderline non-functional without multiple simultaneous monitors this really kills me that I can't simply mouse over to one of my other monitors when I want to something on it. I CAN shift+tab out but it seems that on Windows 10 the game doesn't always display properly after regaining focus; I can also run one of those programs to allow borderless-windowed but they are super inconsistent and none I've tried work well with Titan Quest.Overall:Just buy it, man. If you owned TQ before it's free, why are you reading reviews?"
,Recommended,475150,25280280,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Unforgiven,One of the best ARPG of all times is now better than ever. The bright and colorful world is a very nice change of pace from all those dark and grim games we've seen so often in this genre.I recommend replaying with the XMAX mod once you've beaten the game for extra challenge.
76561198094242193,Recommended,475150,35066373,Posted: 19 September,all,Warpagan [xygaming.com],"What can I say... TQ is one of my most favorite games of all times and also the first game I've bought on Steam. The spiritual successor of Diablo 2, this game is my favorite go-to game for years now whenever I need that ARPG itch scratched.Variety of classes which are determined by a dozen skill trees, which you can also mix up as you like, provide amassiveamount of playthroughs along the way!My favorite class up till recently was the Nature skill-tree one, yet, I have fell in love with the Rogue class (poison damage ftw!!! Seriously, it kicks a$$!)I would also like to thank THQ for giving us all this Anniversary Edition simply for owning a copy of their game on Steam.Thanks, THQ!!!"
,Recommended,475150,29213207,Posted: 12 January,all,Zaal,"Quickly :Score18.5/20Gameplay19/20Lifespan18/20Scenario16/20Soundtrack16/20Graphics17/20Score isn't the mathematical average, but more of a general appreciation mark for the gameExtra blabla :My fav Hack'N Slash. S**t's action-packed and full of content !Awesome that it's gettin updates lately.I actually find this game rather underrated, ofc it has some success, but i just feel like it outta be more known. That game should stand at the same level as the Diablo games i think .Can only recommend it ! With friends or alone, it's an excellent game."
76561197991465949,Recommended,475150,25281098,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Gagarin,"""Test of Time” Award)))"
76561198035485128,Recommended,475150,25276967,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Kill Switch,"I like this game, you should too.If you don't, you hate your childhood."
,Recommended,475150,34589887,Posted: 29 August,all,♠K4pp3♠,As a kid I loved this diablo-like game for ages to have the gaming exprience again love it.
76561197996980316,Recommended,475150,25293664,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Lexinator,"Great game, can't wait to re-play everything again, and multiplayer without Tunngle!If you are having the dreaded invisible mouse issue, hit alt+enter and play in windowed mode."
,Recommended,475150,25298504,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Wemo,So much fun.
76561198065510045,Recommended,475150,25298985,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,dvltattoo,I really like the game speed setting on the anniversay edition. All in all this game can still hold its own with any of the modern Diablo clones.
,Recommended,475150,25480923,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,kougenchen,"Really good game even in nowadays.Especially like Chapter 3 old China part, present the Chinses old culture."
,Recommended,475150,25485676,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,mAddejsky,God tier game .
76561198007608802,Recommended,475150,25293273,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Nominal 1,"Good old, good old!"
76561198087629151,Recommended,475150,28898034,Posted: 1 January,all,ericmanoli,"Nach dem Grafik Update - ein wunderbares Spiel. Läuft wie eine Eins, Grafik zwar alt aber viel besser, als ohne Upgrade. Und das Spiel ist immer noch KLASSE!"
,Recommended,475150,32158991,Posted: 3 June,all,dk_leech,This version finally runs without stuttering on the Windows 10 Creators Update.
76561197997829089,Recommended,475150,31900203,Posted: 22 May,all,Tinky,A truely refined hack'n slash adventure that beats pretty much every game of its kind!
76561198010533115,Recommended,475150,28444883,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,`DevourUall,"My first thought when I bought the game was ""maybe it's worth the price"", and sure it is(even if i bought it at $5). This game, as the remake it is, puts together both Titan Quest and Titan Quest: Immortal Throne, which guarantee tons of hours with it.The base of the game is the Ancient Greece, when the humans were protected by gods; but the they are in danger because of the Titans who broke from prision and want revenge against the gods.You are a unknow warrior who after save a small city you are asked to look for help, it makes you travel through Greece and later on Egypt, Babylon and China as the only one who can defeat the Titans. That being said, the creation of bosses and equipment based on each region's culture it's really amazing, giving most gods something to represent them.Main features?-The game doesn't have a character customization, your options are male or female and you can choose the color of your tunic. However, the game gives you a astonish number of armor for your head, chest, arms and leggins, also you can wear rings and amulets. There is also a posiblity that enemies drop relics and charms that you can assemble and attach to weapons and armor to give more stats to them. Besides that, most of the stats are random and yo can find the same piece of armor but one with +100 health and the other one with +100 mana, so you can choose the one that best fit your gameplay style or to improve the one thing you are lacking the most-You can choose a Mastery between 8 possible and later on you can choose a second one or stay as you are. It gives you the oportunity to have 36 different combinations with unique abilities. Also, every Mastery has a really balanced skill tree, giving you the opportunity to choose whatever you want and don't fell powerless at all.-Each Mastery has 20 skills (40 if you choose a second one) that you can unlock and improve 6-12 times each.-The amount of weapons you have is insane, based on your Mastery, its strengths and weaknesess you can wield swords, knives, axes, cubs, maces, bows, spears, or staffs, with different stats (some of them are random). Also, you can use anything if you have the requeriments for it, it can make you a Necromancer-Hunting who wields a big ♥♥♥ axe with no restriction at all.-It has a pretty decent pet system, the AI does a good job and if they are doing it wrong you can change their target to that big fat monster that is killing you.-Now it has Mod Support and thanks god it exist. If you somehow manage to use all the Masteries or you get bored with them there are some great mods with all-new, all-diferent classes and some useful tool for your grinding.-If you want to have all the achievements you will have a hard time, to begin with, each playthroughis last +60 hours and with a achievement for every difficulty-mastery one, is good to say that many of them have a achievement rate of 1.0% or less. Good Luck with it.-MULTIPLAYER!!The main and best feature, you can play with your friends in custom quests and add as many mods as you want (it helps you to level up faster). Also the health of the enemies and the damage they deal changes with the level and number of players of your party.FlawsEven with all the improvement on the gameplay and the new features, there are some small bugs and you can get stuck in a chest near a wall (happened to me once) or in a door, there are also some issues with the random generator of the item stats, but the developers continue releasing patches to fix them so you don't have to worry about it.So, yeah. It sums up what you can expect with this ""Diablo like"" game. And if you are reading and it is 50% off you should click that ""Add to cart"" button and buy it....Seriusly, Just Buy It."
,Recommended,475150,25489950,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Orion The Hunter,No matter how many times I played it since the demo until now I fall in love with this game as if I played it for the first time! A true masterpiece.
,Recommended,475150,25500679,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,PugChampion☠,Its great and a well appraised arpg for good reason its full of many fun and uniqe aspects to it and its the holy grail that spawned grimdawn.
,Recommended,475150,25493162,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Tombz,Looks and plays great! This is how remastered games should look like :) Well worth the buy if you like ARPG games that you can play for hours and hours and hours...
,Recommended,475150,25498789,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Minibrox,"Got the Anniversary for free due to buying the original back when it was new.The game is still very fun and even runs in desired resolutions despite being old.This game is like a olympus version of diablo, wich is suprisingly fun with good story."
,Recommended,475150,25278504,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,gedunex,still amazing!
76561198038552111,Recommended,475150,25625894,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Phruler,Good game
,Recommended,475150,27696107,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MWK,"It's a pretty fun game, although can get boring after a while."
,Recommended,475150,27704291,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Deathrowz dotax2.com,Legend!
76561197979943032,Recommended,475150,27795002,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,RickyRockFish,"talk about a blast from the past.  Invested a few dozen hours into this game back in the day.  remake is well done, looks decent.  I'm not gonna lie and say it looks like a next gen game, but it looks and plays pretty dang decent.  definitely worth it on sale."
76561198115398892,Recommended,475150,27760280,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MikeyDirt,Loved playing this years ago and now I get to play it again!
76561198021832673,Recommended,475150,27854881,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Malekath,What should i say...One of my all-time favourites.Really liked it nearly 10 years ago and with the remastering it's even fun again.
,Recommended,475150,27735172,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,臭いお尻-Originale-15-22,This overlooked game is one of the few games I've held near and dear to my heart for years. It has flaws. Mostly that it is super easy to go too far ahead in the story without the necessary grinding required to keep yourself leveled and prepared for the later levels so you won't die every few minutes.  However this game has enough content to choke a horse and incredible variety to enemies it's definitely worth your time to buy. It's a game I consistently come back to again and again.
,Recommended,475150,27795440,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,(TD)Baerafel,The good old times are back
,Recommended,475150,27686505,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TeeDub,Having played this game since it first came out back in 2006 it's been a game I can always come back to and still have as much fun as I did when it was first picked up.
,Recommended,475150,27801094,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Bobibob,One of the best ARPG from my childhood.
,Recommended,475150,27715037,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sacreth,"Huge fan of this ARPG, and the recent revamp of this classic (received free by any owners of the original) does not disappoint."
76561198149968045,Recommended,475150,27859893,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Joe,Piece of history
76561198072211425,Recommended,475150,27721300,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RaVeN,"This is a better version of the original Titan Quest + Immortal Throne expansion,the special edition of the game adds countless changes, rebalances and improvements and brings more display resolution options. I highly recommend both veteran players and new players to check out the game. If you’re returning, it’s definitely worth another play through just to see all the improvements made to the game, almost making it a completely new experience. If you’re new to the game, Titan Quest is actually not too difficult at all mechanics wise, it is something you can easily pick up and play solo, with some friends, or if you want to hop into a random game on multiplayer. Not to mention that with Steam Workshop you can find additional content for your game like custom maps and gameplay changes if you’re looking to spice things up. One of the greatest features of this game has to be the skill system, being able to mix and match all the different masteries, skills and abilities, along with unique weapons and armor leaves plenty of replayability for the player to experiment and try different masteries and skills.For me this game brought back the nostalgia of a good Action RPG.I definitely recommend this game to all ARPG lovers!"
,Recommended,475150,27722108,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ball1st1csp0ng3,One of the BEST Action/RPG/Loot/Dungeon crawlers I have ever played. So good I lost my girlfriend to a Telkine....
,Recommended,475150,27853421,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kingmr,"Bought it even after  I finished TQ and TQ Immortal Throne, played for about 40 hours till now.Great game and nominated for the Test Of Time award by me <3"
,Recommended,475150,27870555,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ROYKO64,:D
,Recommended,475150,26210955,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Quattro,Fantastic improvements to an already great game. The continued support is wonderful.
,Recommended,475150,26192915,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,DblTap,"Oh god, an anniversary edition? With so many tweaks and fixes!This is the spiritual cousin of that big bad dungeon crawler that shant be named!And now I will have to waste another few weeks of life in here...5/5 - so many hours lost in TQ already"
,Recommended,475150,32165365,Posted: 3 June,all,SCREAMING COMMUNIST,It's an ARPG with ragdoll physics.nuff said
,Recommended,475150,25313295,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,BaLaN,This is Spartaaaaaa! Slams the shield in Satyr's face! :D
76561198138745921,Recommended,475150,25322355,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Bear,8/10 ggwp
,Recommended,475150,30624789,Posted: 19 March,all,Hiromacu,The best Diablo clone ever! It's classic! I highly recommend it!
,Recommended,475150,30538181,Posted: 16 March,all,TopAce6,"One of The Best Action RPG's Ever made.It's quite a lengthy game too, so you wont beat it fast."
76561198016122089,Recommended,475150,25307216,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Romulus,Bring back so much memories! Worth the buy. ENJOY! ;-)
76561198044579383,Recommended,475150,33969031,Posted: 2 August,all,Spectruma,Better than Diablo II.
76561198113014119,Recommended,475150,30466482,Posted: 12 March,all,Shadow Ops,"Titan Quest Anniversary Editionfast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effects,good game."
,Recommended,475150,28556480,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Andracca,I bought this game out of♥♥♥♥♥♥nostalgia and i love it10/10
,Recommended,475150,29479813,Posted: 25 January,all,Lefty Hand Cum,"i got this game from my friend and it's quite good game, but lack of mini-boss in every map make me bored cuz i'll meet  same monster each place.+unique class+smooth gameplay+grind game-lack of quest-less NPC"
,Recommended,475150,29812845,Posted: 9 February,all,Zombie Lenin,"This is so cool. It's showing its age here and there, but still a lovingly crafted Diablo clone.Worth the price of a kebab sandwich for sure."
,Recommended,475150,29838605,Posted: 10 February,all,UrukioraSifa,so cool
,Recommended,475150,30691708,Posted: 23 March,all,Nick Neck Man,I would give it 9 / 11 Mom's Spaghetti ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198060446059,Recommended,475150,31259380,Posted: 20 April,all,Fexghadi,"Played this in my childhood. Glad to see it's back, on Steam, and with updates too."
76561198011295322,Recommended,475150,25386526,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,| VT | TightBread,klasyg.
76561198192497461,Recommended,475150,32179440,Posted: 4 June,all,Leviathan,"You could spend alot of time in this game! Or you could be like me and be to busy to do so.The basics are fairly easy to get down, that is if you have ever played any MMO before. The story is enough to get you by, but it is nothing special. However the combat is quit enjoyable. As for content, there is alot of it. And the best part is, it's good. From Greece, to Rome, to Ancient Egypt, this game is ABSOLUTLY giant! Tons of weapons, items, quests,and ""Misc"". If you really wanted to you could spend Hundreds of hours in this game!But as I said, I am to busy playing P.U.B to care!"
,Recommended,475150,25720885,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,j0ny_brav0,A very good old school ARPG.
,Recommended,475150,27238155,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vesknam,"По началу уж очень напоминает Diablo II если вы в нее играли) что может дать первоначальный плохое впечатление, что все слизано и перезавернуто в другую обложку. Но на самом деле игра уникальна в своем роде, имеет интерсный сюжет, хотя для проходжения его вам знать не обязательно)"
76561198007955609,Recommended,475150,33847549,Posted: 27 July,all,ICO,"An absolute MUST HAVE for all ARPG fans! 10 years after release, it still manages to impress and most importantly - involve."
,Recommended,475150,33818834,Posted: 26 July,all,Extra ＴＨＩＣＣ,Them ragdoll physics dough.
,Recommended,475150,25595415,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Painless,Awesome!!
76561198120180862,Not Recommended,475150,34780070,Posted: 6 September,all,Bieliq,"TQ:AE was nice idea but unfortunately many bugs make the experience of playing old good game somehow ... unpleasant. I cannot possibly find a reason for many changes in gameplay mechanics (aka nerfs), or deliberately bugged secret passage (for melee characters). I have really tried to play and enjoy this game, since i had so many good memories with it but unfortunately i cannot, with every major step discovering more and more bugs that ruin this version of the game. Honestly, i cannot recommend this game to anyone who played the old version."
76561198026912876,Recommended,475150,25282115,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Ripfin,Yes!!!
,Recommended,475150,25383150,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Redeadlegacy,fun game like diablo 2 and sacred
,Recommended,475150,28953916,Posted: 2 January,all,Pentara,"Great game, recommended for anyone that was a fan of Diablo 2. Detailed storyline, more character customization, my single and only 2 complaints of the game, loot coming out of chests takes too long because of the detailed animation of falling onto the floor and picking up items off the ground requires some precise clicking. That's it! Otherwise the game is great, so give it a try. :)"
,Recommended,475150,28952692,Posted: 2 January,all,ears_rape.exe,"I love it, like fingers on my controller"
,Recommended,475150,33014710,Posted: 29 June,all,LODE,"Absolute classic game and a co-op MUST. Don't even think about playing without a friend. chmod, this one's for you buddy."
76561198051792254,Recommended,475150,33320409,Posted: 6 July,all,hristo_yordanov,good
76561198355603243,Recommended,475150,29052949,Posted: 5 January,all,vothanhphu07031990,nice game
,Recommended,475150,32220398,Posted: 6 June,all,paciVista,"Fun and challenging. This game has worse graphics if compared to similar game like Grim Dawn. But, hey hey, this one isn't bad"
76561198009914649,Recommended,475150,26665088,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,CaseyZRX,im really afraid to enter the hades...
,Recommended,475150,29985762,Posted: 17 February,all,B.D. Gogu,Mai tare ca Diablo :D
76561198031434673,Recommended,475150,32759415,Posted: 24 June,all,XTC,what is unlock content code?
76561197970882568,Recommended,475150,30114378,Posted: 22 February,all,vanriet,"What Diablo 3 should have been like, addictive gameplay, great game set in Mythical Era of Greece, Egypt and China. Recently updated to enable a great multiplayer experience again. If you love point-and-click RPG's this is a no-brainer, a true must have."
76561198313130719,Recommended,475150,28065390,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Bakeneko,Don't hesitate to buy.
,Recommended,475150,28871013,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MeinKampfyChair,Naas
76561198062363677,Recommended,475150,27198183,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,letmeflee,"With Steam Workshop - this game is actually one of the best in its genre. Challenging, replayable, fun, and so on."
76561198047553882,Recommended,475150,25714150,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,ARAGONY,"So......You might be wondering what this game is.All the comments talk about it being a oldschool diablo like Rpg but does any of that really connect to you or is it just a wave of information?{Proceeds to get to serious}Yeah...What you've seen so far in the comments is that this is an old game that was remastered and what you want to know is if it is still a game that can be played...You want to see if this is a game that will still be interesting after a couple of hours; or if it is just an old rehashed version of diablo that got a shiny 19.99€ tag on it and nothing more then a moneygrabbing scheme...Essentiellywhat you want to know is whether you will have fun with this game...I cant tell you that YOU will have fun but I have had this game since before it was on steam and i didnt hesitate to buy it when it apeared on steam (Pre-Anniversary Edition)...But lets get down to the essentiels; Do i think this game is fun? Because that is essentielly what you are looking for in this long♥♥♥♥♥comment that wont ever end.Here is my long♥♥♥♥♥answer:...YESITISSO&%?MUCH*$£$ù;:*ùFREAKING£¨%£%!!!!!!FUN!!!!!!(You might want to wait sales though because they are just around the corner{Halloween and Christmas}, this game is worth the 20€ in my opinion but the sales arent far off and im pretty sure this game will be on sale)Ps:(Buy it, or I kill the puppy!!!)...//^ ^\\...............(/(_•_)\)............._/''*''\_..............(,,,)^(,,,) ..................................Ps (again):Thank you good guys Nordic Games for buying up TQ and making me happy with a remastered edition, you guys rock. Thank you for the free copy, you could have made us rebuy the remastered edition but you didnt, thank you. Just thank you so much, i didnt know you guys until you bought up THQ, I was terified of what you guys might do with Titan quest but you guys went beyond what i had hoped for."
76561197994220783,Recommended,475150,29999763,Posted: 17 February,all,maninblk,Good game.  Where is the updated game manual?
,Recommended,475150,26592835,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,DatArsenalFan,"One of those diablo-clone which has its own identity. Good story, satisfying combat, vast list of skillsets which increases replay value."
76561198188784446,Recommended,475150,29438590,Posted: 23 January,all,dnc,"Titan Quest is a game made by the creators of Grim Dawn (at least, I think it was - I'm just going by what I've heard).Both games represent the fullest capability of what the developers want to achieve and are capable of reaching.If you read that sentence above carefully, you will have an understanding of the damage companies like Blizzard and Activision, and EA, are causing to the games industry;As they laze about teaching Kids to be homogenised and monastic, and middle-aged ""blew that one chance they had in their past teenage life"" that guns are doing nobody any harm, at all, whatsoever, with no possible correlation ever to be found with current world problems.It's not unlike the European Union. It looks good on paper, but only the kind with a gold emboss around the edges that nobody has any right to scrawl on."
76561198059984896,Recommended,475150,32269688,Posted: 8 June,all,Bliffenstimmers,Discount Diablo with a Greek theme.  Not bad.
,Recommended,475150,32286001,Posted: 9 June,all,Mike,Great game
76561197980525387,Recommended,475150,33649815,Posted: 19 July,all,CivHunter,Wrath of the Titan indeed! Love this game. Haven't played the anniversary edtion much yet but I have played hundreds of hours of the original (Pre-Steam).
76561198037075409,Recommended,475150,29368284,Posted: 19 January,all,YinYangYolo,"Easily the best ARPG ever made, imo.I already spent 1000+ (if not over 2000+) hours outside steam, years ago.The class mixing system is not unique anymore nowadays, but it's what made it special for me back then and still works.If you like ARPGs, just get this classic masterpiece. You really can't go wrong with this one, speaking as a single player. I'm not sure if the multiplayer works, never tried out and probably never will. This game is a blast at LAN parties, tho."
76561198000598481,Recommended,475150,25294823,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Borg77,Great to be back in Titan Quest now better then ever :) Great Job THQ Nordic !!!
76561198010021956,Recommended,475150,28350363,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,elawrence,"Disclaimer: I don't write reviews much and apologize in advance if I'm all over the place. On with the review...Short version:If you're an ARPG fan, and haven't gotten around to trying out Titan Quest, you're missing out on something very good.While this title may seem to be a bit dated compared to newer games in the same genre, the new Anniversary Editionbreathes new life into an already strong title. A solid purchase for ARPG lovers.Long version:I bought the original, non-Anniversary Edition on Steam a while back, and I admit that I wasn't immediately enamored with the game. I only played an hour or so and was turned off by what I thought was an awful inventory system (note: there really is no issue with the inventory system, I simply hadn't played long enough to figure out that additional inventory ""bags"" are given to the character throughout the game). I left the game there and then and moved on. It is only very recently that I revisited the game, mostly due to the Anniversary edition being released. My version of the game got automatically upgraded to the new version and I was curious enough to give it another go. And I'm really glad I did.Titan Quest and its expansion, Immortal Throne, is an ARPG type game which takes place in ancient times. I don't want to reveal too much of the story, but it's the usual plot: bad things are happening, and we're there to set things right. The story starts off in Ancient Greece, moves on to Egypt, then China, moves on up to Olympus, then back down to Greece, and then all the way down to Hades (that's Hell, for the non-mythology inclined). Overall, the story is not groundbreaking, but it is well told. There are MANY spoken bits of dialogue that can be heard from various NPC's throughout the game. You can usually click on an NPC 4-5 times before the dialogue repeats. Also, there is a lot of classic mythology lore given in the form of stories by the NPC's. There are over 20 different voice actors in the game, and the quality of the voice acting felt pretty high to me.There are 9 different ""masteries"", or character classes if you will, that a player can chose from upon achieving level 2. At level 8, a second mastery can be picked, which allows for 45 different class of character (including single mastery-type characters). The game uses the traditional system of adding points to abilities set in a tree, with the requirement of adding skills point to the mastery bar itself before adding points to higher tier abilities (check outhttp://www.titancalc.com/for an idea of what I'm talking about). The game DOES allow to re-spec ability points within a mastery, but it does not allow to remove points from the mastery bar itself, nor does it allow to respec a choice of mastery (you can always ""undo"" point selection as long as the mastery screen is not closed). I'd like to point out that the abilities in this game are really fun. There are so many different character builds possible, and I find that I much prefer this type of approach to the new Diablo 3 paradigm where everyone gets the same abilities and runes. Abilities don't feel redundant either.Upon leveling, the character is given 3 skill point to distribute into the masteries and their associated abilities. The player is also given 2 stat points to add to either Health, Energy, Intelligence, Strength or Dexterity. These stats play the usual role for modifying damage, health and energy regeneration rates, etc. This is all fairly standard fare and doesn't deviate too much from the established formula. Inventory and paper-doll item slots are also there, similar to other ARPG's. As noted earlier, the inventory space starts off small and gets bigger as the story progresses. The loot and gear is fun, diverse and plentiful, and will make you want to hoard things for other characters. You can transfer items via the usual ""shared chest"" NPC (and store items in a character-only chest as well). There is no ""blacksmith"" to level, but there are enchantments of sorts that can be applied to gear pieces. These can be removed as necessary (for a cost), either to free the item for another enchantment, or to retrieve the actual enchantment (but not both!). There is also a class of item that can be crafted with the use of said enchantments. These are also varied and tend to favor specific character classes.I'd say that a single play-through on the normal (starting) difficulty is fairly long, but due to me being a bit of an altoholic I can't provide specific numbers, more of a general perception the length of the campaign. The difficulty level felt fair overall, but this game felt harder to me than normal on most other ARPG's I've played. There also seems to be (for the first few levels anyway) a fairly big discrepancy in class balance. Melee characters feel very weak at first, with casters (especially casters with Area of Effect abilities) feeling far stronger. I believe that this changes somewhat as the character gains in levels and as the game progresses. Speaking of leveling: it feels a bit slow past level 30 or so. But by then you should have somewhat of a workable character anyway. I finished the full play-through (Immortal Throne) at level 40. The level cap is 75, but be advised that leveling past level 65 is said to be VERY slow.I'd like to say a word about the graphics as well here. This game is in my opinion one of the most beautiful ARPG's I've seen. The level of details is amazing. I swear there are art assets in there that are probably used only once or twice in a map. The foliage for trees and bushes and grass is so beautiful. The cities feel alive and real. Going into the pyramids and tombs is a treat. There is a day/night cycle in the game, which again adds another fun dimension and enhances immersion in the game. It's also possible to zoom in on the character and its surroundings, and believe or not it's something I did fairly often in order to fully appreciate the level of detail present in this game. I really feel as though this game was made with a lot of love from the developers.The music is also very good. It always blends beautifully to what is going on, or the type of map that is being explored. There are really nice ambient nature noises when out in the wilderness, and proper somber atmospheric music when entering a tomb or cemetery. The music never annoys, and I've never noticed repeats either.There are a few bugs remaining in the game, most notably related to the character getting stuck in certain areas of the map. This happened only about 4 times to me. 3 of which had to do with me opening a portal in specific map zones that seemed to have caused issues to the game. Exiting and restarting fixed the issue, at the cost of a bit of time. It's really nothing game breaking. I've also noticed issues with the game crashing when trying to alt-tab, but I believe this has been fixed in a recent patch. This reminds me that I should point out that there used to be quite a community for Titan Quest. There are a number of patches (notably the Fan Patch) which were released to address some bugs in the game. There are also a number of guides etc. out there as well, but keep in mind that some information might be dated a bit. I'm honestly not sure WHICH patches are applied to the Steam version of the game, and this is something I'm going to look into soon, as the latest Fan Patch is said to fix certain broken abilities. Again, I wouldn't worry about that too much. Either the Steam version has that patch by default, or it's easily obtainable and applied.In conclusion, I heartily recommend this game to ARPG fans. It's a solid quality title, and very deserving of at least one play-through."
,Recommended,475150,28200409,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Комшија Драгомир,"Best game with best story! Best action RPG, game never gets old, graphics look still good! IRON LORE, THQ <3"
76561198043306954,Recommended,475150,28211559,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,vampirehunter8088,"Thank you THQ Nordic!!!  The fans appreciate all of your hard work on breathing new life into this classic game.Buy this game if you have even a passing interest in hacking, looting, skill trees and Greek mythology.  Awesome gear and the graphics have held up remarkably well for an older game."
76561198024191403,Recommended,475150,28211387,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,ECR~infinitywatch,"Real good stuff here, But how do I get an unlock code to unlock the new content from the options menue ? I already own both Titan  Quest and Titan Quest Immortal Throne."
76561198055598477,Recommended,475150,33867218,Posted: 28 July,all,sina,Fun to play. Great to relax and just hit a few things before going to bed.
76561198056200177,Recommended,475150,28354568,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,JohnSmitty,No doubt about it. I like this game.The show items key is pretty annoying.If this was a 5 star rating system I would knock it down a star for that.
76561198151225506,Recommended,475150,28225228,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Apocalypto_ch,A nice classic game now even better with stream achievement. A must for the veteran players.
,Recommended,475150,28299009,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,p1tereQ,"Amazing game, entertaining all way. Truely a gem among other games. Love it!"
76561198089785472,Recommended,475150,28320398,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Darkaz,"Awesome!!! Great loot system, great progression mechanics, rewarding replayability. I can play it forever =3"
76561197976511919,Recommended,475150,29822421,Posted: 10 February,all,RoDriK,"This game is fantastic!! It is an amazing game!! Terrific!! :)Now seriously, awesome ARPG!!"
,Recommended,475150,25537535,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Fl3sh,"Top shelf. Holds up really well after all these years. Having just beat Grim Dawn I decided to come back to this and see how it compares. Their sub systems are effectively the same, and everything works as you would expect. If you've never played it before, now is the time. If you have played it before you should probably play it again :)"
76561198027179912,Recommended,475150,31184804,Posted: 16 April,all,Rimka,"This game is a true hidden gem, i used to play it a lot long ago and now i own it on steam, awesome."
,Recommended,475150,25537366,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Thunderdoc,Best Action RPG Ever.
,Recommended,475150,29649259,Posted: 2 February,all,mr Mike,old but gold
76561197998888286,Recommended,475150,30457319,Posted: 11 March,all,underseer,"Went back to playing this game years later, and it's still a gas. This game helped me quit smoking!"
,Recommended,475150,35223205,Posted: 26 September,all,CLiFFe Mr.NumBeR 506494899,"hmm… not bad , not bad!"
76561198377651212,Recommended,475150,32412683,Posted: 14 June,all,3rdSapphire,"I loved how even if you have a slow,bad, old computer you can still always play over 50 fps no matter what"
76561197971320439,Recommended,475150,34485611,Posted: 25 August,all,Wyte,"It's a long game and it's really fun and not hard, I died only twice due to my stubidity, it's an amazing game"
,Recommended,475150,34405291,Posted: 21 August,all,Areinnye,"Pretty straight-forward hack'n'slash action role-playing game. Story is average at best. Not as good as Grim Dawn. Still, very fun to play in short bursts."
,Recommended,475150,34419327,Posted: 22 August,all,gendarme LOOT.Farm,"Very nice game, u can play it solo or with friends, it doesn't matter, u can play it on calculator..."
76561198051621264,Recommended,475150,27554742,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kefyras347,I wish this game got a sequel... Legendary
,Recommended,475150,27579894,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,WeaponsGradeHumanity,"For old fans of Diablo and Diablo II, TitanQuest will feel very familiar at first but it won't take long before you realise that it is an upgrade in almost every way.  The exception being that TQ lacks the random map generation that made the original Diablo so famous.  TQ brings the old isometric play style into the modern age with a fully 3D environment, dynamic lighting, detailed textures, special effects and even a day/night cycle.The story of TitanQuest is rooted in mythology and inspired by history.  You'll be taken on a journey out of the city-states of Greece, through the sands of Egypt and deep into mysterious China.  You'll visit Babylon, Giza and the Great Wall.  You'll travel through marshes, over mountains and deep down into the bowels of the earth on your quest to restore the world's connection to the Olympian gods, right what has been wronged and determine the fate of mankind.While the game contains much more storytelling than the Diablo series, it doesn't come at the cost of the core gameplay loop that we all know and love.  If you're interested in the rich history of the ancient world then take your time and speak to everyone as they all have a tale to tell.  If you can't wait to skip to the looting and pillaging then you can walk right on by those chatty peasants and skip straight to the carnage.Speaking of carnage, TitanQuest offers you so many more ways to kill things than Diablo II did.  The game features not three, not seven, but NINE fully realised character classes of which you get to pick TWO per character.  That's right, you get 36 different ways to play and that's before even deciding what kind of weapons you're going to use.  Heck, there are enough abilities in each class that you could have two or three characters with the same combination who each play totally differently.  TQ may lose some replayability by not randomising maps but it more than makes up for it by giving you so many different ways to combine the character classes and so many different ways to lay the smack down on your foes.I've spent WAY too long playing this game.PS; The game was originally single-player but THQ Nordic pulled out all the stops for the Anniversary Edition and you can now play online with people from all over the world."
,Recommended,475150,27583752,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,nit3mar30,"If u like diablo with a roman/greek theme, u will love this game.If u like to create your own unique class like say a stealthy mage? You can do it hereIf you like a timeless classic that surprisingly has aged well, you will love titan quest."
,Recommended,475150,27574888,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Robikscube,Masterpiece! Worth playing for any fan of action RPG. Esspecially for those who never felt a thing for the Diablo lore but love the gameplay.
76561197970605438,Recommended,475150,25413597,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Rogerius Rex,I lost in this game again... Love it!
76561198188587549,Recommended,475150,25412876,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Stanley Rinaldo Sulistyanto,Really Addicted...Need HD Texture Patch :)
,Recommended,475150,34238337,Posted: 14 August,all,zest,"Great remaster of the original game with a lot of graphic and gameplay tweaks, faster action and merged with expansion.If you loved the original you love the remaster version too.75/100"
,Recommended,475150,29614464,Posted: 31 January,all,erngnotive,Good memory. Thanks Iron Lore.
76561198229115656,Recommended,475150,29629579,Posted: 1 February,all,Agent 47,"I'm not a diablo fan, or any other arpg. Just wanna give it a try and refund it before 2 hours if I didn't like it. 6 hours in already..."
,Recommended,475150,29578598,Posted: 29 January,all,Mushuukyou,I've always loved this game. Hella good.
76561198176113289,Recommended,475150,29813265,Posted: 9 February,all,α Ari,Highly recommend.
76561198097870935,Recommended,475150,29732514,Posted: 5 February,all,Lunes,I never thought I would have so much trouble going down stairs.
,Recommended,475150,25379095,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Be Blue !,"Great game, great dev giving it for free or super cheap alternative.Very similar to diablo but even better than Diablo 3 in every way. They might even have the same graphics if you remove all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ post-processing in diablo 3."
,Recommended,475150,33824757,Posted: 26 July,all,Incredible Pee Pee,"I bought this game today and have already put in 5 hours. I started with 3 of my friends just going through the co-op and time just seemed to become irrelevant. The graphics are great, the gameplay is fun, and there's so much to do as a 4-piece dredging through dungeons and caves. 11/10"
76561198208652888,Recommended,475150,33837836,Posted: 27 July,all,Durthalion,Classic game Diablo style greek mythology setting!
,Recommended,475150,33840477,Posted: 27 July,all,Source 7,cool diablo like game
76561198336433817,Recommended,475150,33828030,Posted: 27 July,all,Reloadx,40 hrs in 3 days and in 4th land
,Recommended,475150,33836300,Posted: 27 July,all,Justice,++++++
76561198077150170,Recommended,475150,33838556,Posted: 27 July,all,NightKiller,Good
76561197990728132,Recommended,475150,33829931,Posted: 27 July,all,Admiral Poojawa,"Absolutely top notch game. This is the game Diablo 3 wishes it could even come close to comparing to. Quite seriously Diablo 2 in 3d with a physics engine and excellent customizable characters.Combat is rewarding, with enemies weaker than you able to be quite literally blasted off cliffs and down pits. Greek, Egyptian, Babalyonian, and Oriental mythos are all present here, with the expansion pack leading to Elysium and Hades both.The plot is pretty well done as well, aged in some parts, but solid where it counts!Play it, enjoy it. It's worth more than the current sale price ($4) even these number of years on."
,Recommended,475150,25525474,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,|Maggischnitte| [] King Bob [],"Very good arpg, its just nostalgic because i played it as child with my grandfather and now i can easily play it with mods."
76561198012605869,Recommended,475150,35266686,Posted: 28 September,all,Thesryn,Yeah...sure...I'd recommend this gameIF YOU ENJOY KILLING THE TELKINE
,Recommended,475150,25476749,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Prog.Trance,I'm so happy they made this!!!
76561198016163814,Recommended,475150,25468390,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Deathsilver,Already owned TQ and TQIT. This will cost me alot of extra ours again :D
,Recommended,475150,25485182,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Angel,I enjoy very much this game as it remind me old dungeons and dragons game.
,Recommended,475150,25487339,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,ssrs,"Just like the original, but better.  If you've got hundreds of hours on the original Titan Quest, definitely pick this up."
76561198043782849,Recommended,475150,25443452,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Esteban Failsmore,"It pains me to write this, but this game is no match for modern arpg's like POE and Grim Dawn. I can not force myself to play vanilla unmoded TQ just because of nostalgia. Still, it is good game, a breakthrough for its time,  and definatly worth checking out once it on sale, but i rather recommend you playing POE or Grim Dawn ASAP. If you planing on buying TQ- i recommend using some of the Overhaul mods (like Paths), they make game ten times better. At the time of writing this review i myself play with Paths installed and it is fantastic."
76561198067005316,Recommended,475150,25484398,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,☣NAILZ☣,love the game awsome story a must play
,Recommended,475150,25515630,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Mugros,"It's not as good as it was when it was released, since the genre improved since then. It is still a fun, yet a bit mindless later on."
,Recommended,475150,26630225,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,TheGreenLing,"This is hands down the best ARPG on the market. Honestly, only one that I have ever played that beats it is the original Diablo. Its like they looked at Diablo 2, and realized what mistakes were made and created an improved game on that. Super well done and a must play if you are a fan of the genra!"
76561197974501075,Not Recommended,475150,33923656,Posted: 31 July,all,Endless Nameless,"Pros:Pretty gameVaried classes and build optionsInteresting story and environmentsCons:Amazingly slow leveling and travelHuge world + slow movement + terribad leveling = game pace crawlsHilariously terrible loot table and optimizationChampion mobs often drop no loot and pitiful expTrash and champion mobs are far more difficult than quest or stage bossesArtifacts seem to be a massive double-edged sword (do more damage but take much more damage)Side quest exp and rewards are a jokeThe pace of the game drags.  If you thought that Diablo 2 leveling was bad 75+ unless you played a sorc or hammerdin, then you haven't experienced the slog of Titan Quest.  Getting from Point A to B takes far too long.And then there's the loot.  At level 3, a trash mob dropped a level 11 sword.  At level 5, trash mob dropped a level 18 sword.  I have yet to replace either because the rest of the drops into the 20s haven't been upgrades.  Champion mobs that can 1-shot you on Normal and are harder than any of the quest boss mobs?  Most of the time drop literally nothing and thus can be side-stepped because they aren't worth the time to kill.Thought you might play as Achilles and go with swords?  Have fun kiting with a bow because being up close and personal with trash mobs will get you killed many times.And that's ignoring the stuttering and latency issues when using the portals.  Admittedly, my system is dated, but a 10-year-old game still shouldn't have those sorts of issues.If you want loot and leveling that actually makes you feel sort of heroic and don't feel like supporting a Blizzard product, you're probably better off playing Torchlight 1 or 2."
,Not Recommended,475150,28006581,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SixHealthOfFury,"Simply put, I dislike the expansion and this version has the expansion built into it with no way to play the campaign Vanilla. It's so bad, I was fighting level 10 monsters near the end of act 1 as a level 18 hero, earning almost no experience when suddenly fighting a level 21 Act 1 Boss with no gear to match the fact I'm fighting monsters near level 20. The original game doesn't suffer from those problems.And as most mention, the game is incredibly slow on normal speed. I'm surprised to this day I completed the campaign in 2008, as a Paladin no less. The good news is the multiplayer works with some bugs like team mates not showing up on screen unless they host the game. I'd still recommend not playing this version unless you really want to play multiplayer again."
,Recommended,475150,32143559,Posted: 2 June,all,Dirty Old Man,best rpg
,Recommended,475150,26241114,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,cuhcuuh,Still better than Diablo 3.
76561197978048415,Recommended,475150,32123966,Posted: 2 June,all,Narbicus,Great top-down action RPG!
,Recommended,475150,29911934,Posted: 13 February,all,B@sspl@yer,great gamegreat price
76561198091159930,Recommended,475150,30669448,Posted: 22 March,all,GodFa,can not update!
76561198135972369,Recommended,475150,30588816,Posted: 18 March,all,[K]aiju 👽,got that classic goin on feeling . LOVE IT!
76561198255859135,Recommended,475150,33843238,Posted: 27 July,all,Pomohaci |  Cuibusor de nebunii,Very good game
,Recommended,475150,25276883,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,left™,"Best ARPG ever just got updated, what can you want more?!I own physical version of TQ Gold + same version on steam and it was no brainer to buy it again because its the best ARPG ever, right?And now this Anniversary Edition is just a must buy, no brainer for anyone who doesnt have already TQ Gold.Go and buy it.Now."
,Recommended,475150,32134850,Posted: 2 June,all,Daypd,Very good game
,Recommended,475150,25282012,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,YouTube/MonzyGames,I really enjoy this game so far!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrjOg1mFBao
,Recommended,475150,25422641,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,NIGERUNDAYO,is gud game i swear :]
,Recommended,475150,25366532,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,KiritoNOR,"There was some bugs in the start, but the Developers are Quick to realese fixes for this. The Game is looking great so far. The game is running smooth 60 FPS even on a GTX 750 with 1080p Max Settings. Great job Dev. Team :)"
,Recommended,475150,31599852,Posted: 7 May,all,MarkyMark,Do you like DIablo and PoE? Play this while you wait for ladder reset or new league.
,Recommended,475150,31634286,Posted: 8 May,all,SKZA,best game made my friends svery nice!
,Recommended,475150,31647633,Posted: 9 May,all,Lochlann,Oh how I've missed this game <3
,Recommended,475150,30813413,Posted: 29 March,all,Kakap0,"Just as I remembered it, but much better after the devs update, good job happy to spend many hours once again on this amazing game! :)"
76561197973405058,Recommended,475150,32123465,Posted: 2 June,all,Mr.FiRe,"A great game, everything Diablo 3 is not. You will get many hours of enjoyment out of this campaign, especially if you mod it."
76561198034077181,Recommended,475150,25545254,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Rbc,"This Anniversary Edition combines both Titan Quest and Titan Quest Immortal Throne in one game, and has been given a massive overhaul for the ultimate ARPG experience.Nice RPG!!!"
,Recommended,475150,26344937,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Remus Rigo,Glad that this game is not dead :)
,Recommended,475150,34042286,Posted: 5 August,all,MPFearlessGamer,I love Titan Quest! You get to level up your character and select powers of all different kinds! I would definately recommend  this game to everyone that likes to play!
,Recommended,475150,30136028,Posted: 23 February,all,✪ [K]ing -iwnl- Farmskins.com,good
76561197995203321,Recommended,475150,26315103,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Kultis,Ok I liked this game for a  while.  im going to give this game a thumb going up because I dont think most people can prop make this kind of game good it is good plus it is an older game but if you like diablo style action you will like it.  I think I like it so good review.
76561198168346778,Recommended,475150,34232544,Posted: 14 August,all,Atrushan,"If you already bought the boxed version (i.e. non-steam) in the past, don't bother buying the anniversary edition.Changes are marginal at best and I can't say I noticed a difference. And on top of that they didn't even bother to fix existing problems:-AI is ""weird"". Enemies are so tame, they will let you walk right in the middle of their group before they even start to realize your presence and attack you. I don't remember if it was always like that, but it sure makes the AI look kind of underwhelming.-The ragdoll system is also ""weird"". The poses they die in are really crazy and some of them defy logic and gravity.-The physics system in general has some issues. The loot from monsters can roll down hills and bridges until it's not reachable anymore. If you open crates near the edge of a map there's also a good chance that some of the stuff will fall below the map and be out of your reach.With that said, the game is still solid, even after all the years. Wonderful, detailed world. Good voices for the NPCs. The part of collecting and improving your stuff is quite motivating. You can combine different skill trees to fit your playstyle. And some of the enemies are just lovely. Especially the cat-like creatures and the sounds they make.So while I wouldn't have bought this edition if I'd have known that and while there are better and even free alternatives out there (I'm looking at you, Path of Exile), this one is probably still worth a shot."
76561198048855333,Recommended,475150,29820060,Posted: 10 February,all,☜☯☞Englands☜☯☞,just simpley Awesome :)
,Recommended,475150,28482866,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Lakdanan,"que buen juego , tipo diablo  :P"
,Recommended,475150,28946757,Posted: 2 January,all,Kuro,"Yang indo yang indo, add gue dong ;)"
76561198025771807,Recommended,475150,28940847,Posted: 2 January,all,Sweet Memories,im still love this game...until now update great patch...hmmmm
,Recommended,475150,28898672,Posted: 1 January,all,BOS_BEFOK,Very Good game it just takes alot of time!!!
,Recommended,475150,32139852,Posted: 2 June,all,erty,One of the best diablo-like games!
76561198097393464,Not Recommended,475150,33922363,Posted: 31 July,all,Dio,"An ok game but very annoying loot system when playing MP.Shared loot mechanic is so annoying, forcing us to constantly trade loot after every major engagement. Breaking pace.They should have patched it, back in the days.Not recommending this."
,Not Recommended,475150,32348523,Posted: 11 June,all,Arkan01d,"My initial first impression is below. It goes along with the comments so I'm not editing them. But I did want to follow up a bit about TQAE (that works right) and why I don't recommend it.I played TQ way back when it was first released. I throughly enjoyed it! However, back then I had a crap PC. It didn't run a lot of modern games. What I remember liking about TQ so much was the graphics. The Greek theme looked so good and the tall grass swayed when I walked through it. The gameplay itself was forgetable to me. I picked it up again about 3 years ago with a friend and we played it for a weekend. It was fun, but not as fun as more modern ARPGs.Then here comes the anniversary edition! They basically took community made patches, integrated them and added workshop support. Owners of the original TQ got the game for free.So why release it? Go to GOG . com and you'll see why. TQ had not been released there. I propose TQAE was bundled, patched, and relased just for GOG and we got a free release.Playing the game now that I've spent so much time playing other games like: the Torchlight series, D3, Van Helsing, and Path of Exile to name a few. The gameplay no longer stands up. The devs did not do anything to try and make this game fresh again. I don't mind that they brought it to a new market, but for this market place, we've already got this game.There's nothing here that makes this purchase any better than just buying the original game and expansion. That's why I don't recommend it--------Just a few things that really make this game not fun for me. I played and enjoyed the original Titan Quest. It's been a few years now, about 3, but the last time I played it was a blast! Now we've got the anniversary edition and it feels like a step back. Not that it's actually regressed, it just did stupid things and failed to modernize the game.The game defaults to not allowing you to pick up items... WTF? Not only are they not allowed to be picked up by default, you can't hover your mouse over them EVER. Instead you have to hit ""Z"" to see anything... Z... really? Why not Alt, or Caps Lock?Yes, there is a menu option to allow you to pick up items. Yes, you can rebind your keyboard how you want. But why did they decide to do this in the first place? If they wanted to help out glass cannon toons that's all fine and dandy, but shouldn't that be an option for those players and not the default way to play?As far as the game itself, the only thing that I really noticed was the water effect looks much better. Inventory is still miniscule. You're player moves slow. Holding Left Mouse when attacking a group doesn't work. You have to let go and reclick on every enemy. Keyboard controls have not been updated to more modern/standard ARPG controls.What was the point in this re-release?"
,Recommended,475150,33147524,Posted: 2 July,all,TeeY | hellcase.com,Cool Game
76561198234159340,Recommended,475150,33061625,Posted: 30 June,all,Metzu The Cat,veri gut game it gave me a bigger erection with every minute played with my timates
76561198177803061,Recommended,475150,28631771,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Fyifig,Health Potion Abuse Simulator 2016
,Not Recommended,475150,34384243,Posted: 20 August,all,ᄃЯӨMIGПӨП,"If you're farming with friends, it's okay. If you're playing the SP campaign solo, the crippled loot drop tables suck all the fun out of boss fights and treasure rooms. There's no satisfaction in killing Act endbosses, not even instant level-ups. Replaying on higher difficulties raises loot quality chances, but by the end of your first playthrough, fatigue had set in a long time ago. It's like sitting through a Peter Jackson movie. A lot of love went into making it, but it just goes on and on and oooooon.Kinda sucks to thumbs-down this game. I remember it being a lot more fun when I had it on the physical disc release."
,Recommended,475150,27745863,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Chronowarp #VOLVO GIFF DIRETIDE,At least it isn't Fallout 4
76561198036182840,Recommended,475150,31100400,Posted: 12 April,all,Gruby,good game but it's too easy on normal mode
,Recommended,475150,29949465,Posted: 15 February,all,O'RLY?,7/10 👍
76561198014642874,Recommended,475150,30493346,Posted: 13 March,all,Scottc777,"Absolutely love the game - of course there's then the ""Steam factor"" that - also of course - has to fuc k it up. It will not start and run properly unless it's done in Windows 10 safe mode...FFS - why release a game that will not function properly with the most popular OS out there?STEAM the half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game sales company. ...Other than this major pain in the♥♥♥♥♥inconvenience - it's a fantastic game."
76561198030125559,Recommended,475150,26597620,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Poonslayer,Its the Beez Kneez
,Recommended,475150,33812947,Posted: 26 July,all,SADU,I like it ...
76561197983889500,Recommended,475150,28367023,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,I Suck And You Are Worse,I love this game more than diablo 3. The only thing i wish they would add is more inventory space. Having to create mules and trade items between them is annoying. But other than that i would give it 9/10. So many combinations between the duel classes. the mythology aspect of the game is awesome. I wish they would make a titan quest 2 and add more gods and   mediteranean locations.
76561198068276349,Recommended,475150,32401725,Posted: 13 June,all,WHY DO MY NUTS HURT!!!,Great Game
76561198093620185,Recommended,475150,28406304,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Yodes,10/10 wish my♥♥♥♥♥was as smooth as a yeti's
,Recommended,475150,32876578,Posted: 27 June,all,Default_Sound,Worth to buy twice
76561197973539391,Not Recommended,475150,33116676,Posted: 1 July,all,AlienLoRd,"This is a great game, however this game is bugged. My review is for couples who want to play this in Co-op...After 2 hours of progression, we can't progress anymore becuase we are not able to proceed witht he main quest...Just google Co-op issues..."
,Recommended,475150,25272931,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Neppe,"Have my babies!Also, thank you for updating this overlooked gem!"
76561198284922318,Recommended,475150,33791212,Posted: 25 July,all,PAU,this game is good i love this game my 25 mins on it was a blastthis game is good for people who like looting and grinding amen
,Recommended,475150,25304287,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,wowwwww,where is darksider 3 ?
76561198037365537,Recommended,475150,29922866,Posted: 14 February,all,TheHuldor,Still the best of its kind
,Recommended,475150,30502427,Posted: 13 March,all,NotSoLibre,Great game!
,Recommended,475150,30633752,Posted: 20 March,all,Lord Satan,"1. In a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, salt and sugar. Make a well in the center and pour in the milk, egg and melted butter; mix until smooth.2. Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake. Brown on both sides and serve hot"
,Recommended,475150,29814497,Posted: 9 February,all,=XA= Bootyman,sooo goood and addicting
,Not Recommended,475150,32193831,Posted: 5 June,all,桃味,"When I judge whether or not a game is good, the only criterion that I'll look at is whether this game can keep me engaged and wanting to play more. No, the graphics doesn't matter to me, neither does the OST, I am not a picky player. As long as I have enjoyed spending time playing it, it is a good game. But if it makes me feel that I could have used the time to do something better, it is not.And what I feel after having spent one and a half hours on Titan Quest?I feel regretful of having wasted my life.It is unbearably boring. My friend had been telling me how good this game was, so I got my hopes up a little too high for it. Thus, I was greatly disappointed when I discovered that this was not the ""hours of fun"" I had been guaranteed. It is sort of fun for the first twenty minutes, but it quickly gets boring when you have to run to another location to petition for help, and along the way to get there there are troops of skeletons, boars, Satyrs and birds. These things are everywhere, and they automatically attack you the moment when they see you. After I had set off for another location, I couldn't run for one minute without having something chasing after me. What is more annoying is that you will have to either hold the left button of your mouse or click the left button frantically to attack. Given that this game really has a lot of monsters and somehow they really like to work in teams, it is such a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥when you have no choice but to battle against them in order to move on.I am not into games, like this one, that require you to move around repeating the same actions (like killing a certain type of monsters or collecting a certain type of stuff, etc), so that you will gain experience points to level up and build up on your attributes, attain better equipment, and become stronger. It is simply not enjoyable.With that being said, I totally understand why this game was considered to be among the better games when it came out. But that was so many years ago. The game industry is fast advancing. Better games are being released every year and their overall qualities are getting higher and higher with time. Maybe in this day and age, we shouldn't just be satisfied with a game that requires you to go around doing tedious work in order to become ""stronger"".Everyone is busy. We don't have our whole lives to do whatever we take pleasure in doing. We deserve better entertainment that truly brings us joy in the limited time we have.And now if you will excuse me, I shall go play a round of minesweeper."
76561198004538351,Recommended,475150,25337294,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Buzzerker,"I have this game on CD=ROM both Titan Quest and immortal Throne bought them when they first came out some 5+ years ago. If I'm not mistaken some of the people who made Grim Dawn had a hand in this game. It's one of my personal favorites , one of the few Action RPG games I have kept installed on my pc even installed it on my new pc after I finished building it.... when I saw it advertiesed as an 'Anniverseray Edition' from THQ ""NORDIC""? with New and improved everything ,Immortal Throne (the expansion which adds more classes tons of other content, inclusive for only 5 bucks! I had to have it and I am very pleased I bought it. They did a fantastic job., it's a little more challenging than I remember but it's still fun to play. It's set in ancient Greece , you play a Hero that has to save the world it's not unlike Grim Dawn in gameplay ,to me it's just a relaxing game to play, I've been playing it for years. It's also HUGE! the map on this game goes on and on and on. You will not be able to find a better quality 'bargain' game for the money I can tell you that much. And you will enjoy it, just keep on playing it and you will get hooked just like I did."
,Not Recommended,475150,32292097,Posted: 9 June,all,chronosvy,"I thought the myth-based game was a good concept for RPG, especially the lore and the intense when fighting those legendary titans, monster, etc in greek myth. But not this one, to me this game is like ""what the ♥♥♥♥ did I just fight? oh nevermind, to the next target"" cycle in endless loop. Took me a few hours to realize that this game is not for me and regret to have ever bought it."
76561198049178152,Recommended,475150,32123552,Posted: 2 June,all,Dedgarth,Better than Diablo 3
76561198212582812,Not Recommended,475150,32202665,Posted: 5 June,all,Animus,"Game was glitching out couldnt pick any items up......boring gameplay......boring powers with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics. Its games like this that show me how far aarpgs have come, save your money buy grim dawn."
76561198038384864,Not Recommended,475150,32344587,Posted: 11 June,all,Blue,The game crashed before the the opening scene ended. Another fine THQ release.Uninstalled.edit: I had to go and load it up again because it crashed before I could get the required 5 minutes of playtime to write this review. No gamepad support. Played for 10 minutes and it crashed again.
,Not Recommended,475150,27349568,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Farberiu,"Titan Quest Anniversary Edition review 25.11.2016Between the Main Quest line being littered with bugs and the stuttering i had to give up after one hour, this edition feels more like a downgrade then a remaster, i do not recommend this unplayable stuttering pile of bugs."
,Recommended,475150,25478595,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Azariz,"If your looking for a review on this game you've come to the wrong place, but if your looking for an outstanding pie recipe you've come to the right place.IngredientsCrust Ingredients for a flakey pie crust2 1/2 cups (285 g) all-purpose flour, plus extra for rolling10-ounces (1 1/4 cups, 285 g) unsalted butter (room temperature), cut into 1/2 inch cubes1 teaspoon salt2 teaspoons sugar1/2 cup (115 ml) sour creamFilling Ingredients3 pounds of good cooking apples such as Fuji, Golden Delicious, Granny Smith, Gravenstein, or Pippin (about 6 to 8 apples, depending on the size of your apples and the size of your pie dish)1 Tbsp of lemon juice or apple cider vinegar (to toss with the sliced apples so they don't brown as you slice them)1/2 cup to 2/3 cup sugar, depending on how sweet you like your pie3 tablespoons all-purpose flour for thickening1/4 teaspoon ground allspice1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon1 Tbsp brandy (Optional. By the way, if you have Calvados apple brandy, use it!)1 teaspoon vanilla extract-----------------------------1 To make a homemade crust, in a large bowl whisk together 2 1/2 cups of flour, 1 teaspoon of salt, and 2 teaspoons of sugar.Add the cubed butter and use your clean dry hands to toss to coat with the flour. Using your hands work the butter into the flour, pressing the cubes of butter between your thumb and fingers. Continue to work the flour until the mixture is shaggy and the largest pieces of butter are no larger than a kernel of corn.Make a well in the center and add the sour cream to it. Use a fork to work the buttered flour and the sour cream into each other until the dough begins to clump.Separate the dough mixture into 2 equal sized piles and work each one first into a ball, and then into a disk. Sprinkle with flour and wrap with plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 1 hour before rolling out.While the dough is chilling, peel, core and slice the apples into 1/4-inch to 1/2-inch slices. As you cut your apple slices, add them to a large bowl and sprinkle them with a little lemon juice or apple cider vinegar to help keep them from turning brown.Combine sugar, flour and spices (allspice, nutmeg, cinnamon) in a bowl. Add the flour mixture to the apple slices and use your hands to distribute the flour through the apples so they are well coated. Then sprinkle with brandy and vanilla extract and stir to coat all the apples.4 Place one oven rack in the lowest position and put a large rimmed baking sheet on it (to catch any drippings from the pie.) Position a second rack the next rung up (still in the lower third of the oven) and preheat to 375°F.Remove one crust disk from the refrigerator. Let sit at room temperature for 5-10 minutes. Place disk on a lightly floured, clean, flat surface. Using a rolling pin, roll out the pie dough to a 12-inch circle, about 1/8 of an inch thick.As you roll out the dough, check to make sure it isn't sticking. If and when it starts to stick, gently lift it up and sprinkle a little more flour on the table surface or on the pie dough to keep the dough from sticking.Gently place the rolled out dough onto a 9-inch pie plate. Press down to line the pie dish with the dough.Arrange the apple slices in the dough-lined pie plate. Mound the apples in the center.Roll out the second disk of dough, again to 12-inches. Gently place the second round of pie dough over the apples. Trim excess dough with kitchen shears, leaving a 3/4 inch overhang from the edges of the pie pan.Fold the dough under itself so that the edge of the fold comes right to the edge of the pan. Press the top and bottom dough rounds together as you flute edges using thumb and forefinger or press with a fork.Place egg yolk and cream in a small bowl and use a fork to stir until well combined. Use a pastry brush to brush the egg wash over the top and fluted edges of the pie. Use a sharp knife to cut slits in the top of the pie crust for steam vents.9 Place pie on oven rack centered over the baking sheet on the rack below it to catch any drippings. Bake the pie at 375°F until crust begins to lightly brown, about 20 minutes, then reduce heat to 350°F.Bake until crust is golden and juices are bubbling, anywhere from an additional 45 minutes to an hour, depending on the type of apples you are using. (About halfway through baking check to make sure the pie isn't browning too much. When it's nicely browned, tent the pie with a large piece of aluminum foil to keep the pie from browning further.)10 Transfer the apple pie to a rack to cool for at least 1 hour. Serve slightly warm or at room temperature. Great with a side of vanilla ice cream."
76561198006860777,Not Recommended,475150,32734252,Posted: 24 June,all,Mastelli,"so me and my friend we tried to play a co-op campaign and we failed, we asked the developers what to do and we had no answer whatsoever. After several tries we discovered how to do (you had to check an option that simply has no sense to select since it is not explained what it does), and we started to play. After 10+ hours my friend was unable to play because his game crashed everytime, no matter what he did. So we wasted hours, money and patience. Not bad for an anniversary edition. DO NOT BUY THIS SCAM - the game itself it is not that great anyway"
,Recommended,475150,25412451,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,QUEZKATOLEN - SWE!,"this game is huge, and a great arpg- I will def buy Grim Dawn (their sequal) after I finish this gamemake it about vikings though next time, you racist ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!!!8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,475150,32131865,Posted: 2 June,all,Yooka-Laylee,"The game starts out fairly decent, but the enemies increase in power drastically to the point where you have to farm for mob-specific drops or craft specfic items which also involve recipes whose drops are entirely random. This is, perhaps, par for the course in an old-school ARPG; but in act 4, depending on the build you're using, even this won't save you - I ended up completely unable to progress with my minion build because suddenly even the fodder enemies could take out 1/4 of my (fully buffed) minions' health per attack while my minions dealt scratch damage.From what I've been able to dig up, apparently act 4 on playthrough 1 is harder than acts 1-3 on playthrough 2, even though acts 1-3 on playthrough 2 drop higher quality loot. In many cases, the keystone drops that make or break a build don't even show up on your first playthrough, meaning you can't progress because you don't have the right gear but you don't have the gear because you can't progress.""All right, so I'll just make a different character, at least one of them won't fall into that trap,"" you might say. Well, it took me 35-40 hours to get to act 4, so you'd better be prepared to spend alongtime on that project.There are a lot of other ARPGs out there that don't have this kind of design problem, I'd only play this one if you're really into the genre and don't mind having to get past some serious issues in order to get an enjoyable character."
,Not Recommended,475150,31292947,Posted: 22 April,all,Mirrorlord,"I would like to write a glowing review but I am not able to do so as I can't even begin the game like a lot of other people!!!!The reason being that ""Create Character"" option doesn't work and we are all stuck right there just staring at the game and not being able to play it. The original Titan Quest and Expansion are/were really good games we can play even now but sadly I can't play the much expected updated Anniversary edition :( Others who are suffering from the same problem have started multiple support threads and placed requests for patches to the Devs and Steam but no word yet. So sadly, my review will have to be a negative till this problem gets fixed. I would not recommend anyone to pay 10-20 Euros to get a game they can't even start to play."
76561197977805665,Not Recommended,475150,34383109,Posted: 20 August,all,sayko666,I bought the game after reading comments referring Diablo series. Not even close. Graphics and gameplay are OK at most. Even Torchlight was better than this with that fancy graphics.
,Not Recommended,475150,27914982,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Svartsjö,this is literally no different than Titan Quest other that a slight graphical update. Wish they had updated the game mechanics or something. It plays as old as it is. Hardly would call this an update.
76561198031761762,Not Recommended,475150,30048486,Posted: 19 February,all,Wraithcat,"While this game runs, it won't actually allow me to generate a new character in order to play the game."
,Recommended,475150,31253368,Posted: 20 April,all,Sand,"2 gud 5 meI'm an OG playerStill gud8/8 while I finger mai prostateMerchants r 2 much of a greedy Jew2 much $$$$ for gearscavange gearsell gearbuy geargear, gear, gear2 gud gameplaywould gear again"
,Recommended,475150,29820759,Posted: 10 February,all,Operation Northwoods,1
76561198014035226,Not Recommended,475150,30453419,Posted: 11 March,all,octraleq,"The game is pretty good for an indy group, but overall the game is sloppy and pretty boring as an arpg."
,Not Recommended,475150,32180757,Posted: 4 June,all,dbvel,"I'd forgotten how grindy it is, this Diablo II with no memorable npcs.Actually, I'd forgotten what a tedious linear robotic repetition most of hack n slashes are."
,Not Recommended,475150,25334197,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Invghost,"Changed review to recommended as they added in Borderless Windowed Mode.This game is the mechanical predecessor to Grim Dawn and it shows. I personally quite love the ancient greek asthetic. The game is a Diablo-Like. If you liked Diablo 2, you'll get along just fine with this game. This game does have a few missing features when compared to Grim Dawn, however the game is still as fun, ifnot more so because the end game isn't broken by requiring an archetype.Edit: After getting through the base game and moving onto the Immortal Throne expansion, the game just gets super hard for no reason. A certain boss is impossible unless you take the time to farm drops just to get the right items or you fluke it.Changed review to not recommended, not playing this game again."
,Not Recommended,475150,30497507,Posted: 13 March,all,DFCSpeck,"Titan Quest is a Diablo clone that hasn't held up all that well to time.  It's split up into a similar Act scheme and it took me about 28 hours to finish the first act on the initial difficulty level.  That's 100% completionist on quests, killing entire maps, checking every corner, etc.  The game didn't draw me in to attempt to complete the subsequent two difficulties (similar to D2).  Not a single crash, although there was periodic stuttering at times when it was chaotic on screen.The graphics aren't too bad given the age of the game, but some of the mechanics definitely feel old.  The abilities were a little underwhelming visually and didn't feel particularly tactile.  The loot, which is really the basis of these games, wasn't exciting.  I very rarely found useful items for my class.  There are a ton of classes and abilities, though.There was a significant mod community at one point, but I didn't experience that as I played unmodded singleplayer.  I didn't check to see if there's an existing multiplayer community.  If you're looking for a single player ARPG, I'd pass on this and find something more modern.  I probably would have loved this game when it was released, but it's been too long now."
76561197971876500,Not Recommended,475150,25448420,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Stormtrooper,"Titan Quest is a great game, it is still one of the best ARPGs. The Anniversary Edition however is a huge disappointment to me. The balancing changes THQ Nordic implented totally destroy the feeling and flow of the original gameplay. Furthermore characters from the original game are renderd more or less useless. THQ has added or extended recharging times for many skills. For example the phantom strike, which is a crucial skill in the dream class, now has a recharging time of 16 seconds. That makes the skill simply useless as a  main attacking skill. Some other skills appear to have undergone a noticeable weaking, making them pointless as well. THQ shouldn't have touched the balancing. If though in the original game it may not have been perfect, it worked out very good and was way better than this mess they did in the Anniversary Edition.If you want to play Titan Quest and its addon Immotral Throne, I strongly recommend to use the original version of the game with the latest fan patch. You'll have much more fun than with the Anniversary Edition."
,Not Recommended,475150,30744370,Posted: 25 March,all,wCu | TAKu,Did not run.
76561197973173986,Not Recommended,475150,28721229,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Zaltmann,still no fix to mouse cursor problem
,Not Recommended,475150,30198904,Posted: 26 February,all,DrExK,Encountered a crippling bug (the notorious dark shaman bug) that has hindered progression at the start of the game. Wasted money even though I bought this at a cheap price.
,Not Recommended,475150,33947017,Posted: 1 August,all,khryss1e=D^^^^^^,Just bought it a couple of days ago. I didnt have any expectations. So i far i have played 1 hour and my first thoughts is just that i dont really feel it... But im sure its a good game for someone :-)!!
,Not Recommended,475150,33159191,Posted: 2 July,all,Milf Hunter,Can't pick up loot and changing resolution doesn't work.
76561198062085771,Not Recommended,475150,34810236,Posted: 8 September,all,matt19852085,I played this when it first came out back in 2006 I got stuck on it then I got stuck on it in 2017 I did the side quests collected gold and relics and then on level 2 spartan level you have to kill the Mentaur I damage him and then he regenerates health game becomes annoying and boring uninstall Game Over.
76561198035371711,Not Recommended,475150,29839535,Posted: 10 February,all,quasarjumper,I think I fell asleep after few hours. Poor mob density. Game feels very slow.
76561198013429000,Not Recommended,475150,33148702,Posted: 2 July,all,pfcole,"Warning warning warning, when I downloaded this beast not only did it prevent me from picking up loot, it teleported this bug to Immortal thrones.  I unloaded this thing, and my immortal throne, and reloaded immortal throne and the bug stayed, now I can't play it.  Thanks guys for the free BUG... you get what you pay for I guess.Immortal throne was awesome thank you for your free game destroyer :("
76561197995566759,Recommended,475150,25282165,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,[CL] 안녕하세요 !,Best game ever :3 played hundreds of hours when i was young
,Not Recommended,475150,25570482,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,This isn't my cat.,"Great game with some real performance and optimisation issues. While I am wholly greatful to have received the upgraded Titan Quest Anniversary Edition free of charge, I am disappointed with the way that it performs. Bouts of screen-freezing lag, sometimes as much as 8-10 seconds, after which the game goes into warp-speed to catch up, and during which you can be killed by mobs without ever knowing you're being attacked, can undo progress and cause you to lose experience.The updated game has inconsistent responsiveness at best, poor at worst--there are times where your character will stand still and do nothing, regardless of how many commands you issue to move or attack, spells you cast, etc, and this can even happen during boss fights, resulting in you helplessly watching as your character is torn to shreds without the ability to drink a single potion. There are also many times where commands will continue after you stop issuing them, such as extra attacks, extra attacks in a specific direction AFTER you have changed direction, etc. Not to mention, spells are also subject to the slow response time; there is no smooth transitioning between attacking and spell casting, spells seem to simply ram themselves in between with brute force, i.e., you are unlikely to develop a good patterning of attack, spell 1, attack, spell 2, attack, spell 3, attack--more likely, you will attack several times before the script for the spell is able to force its way through and cast itself in the direction you had been facing while attacking, not necessarily while attempting to cast the spell.What I'm getting at is, this may be Titan Quest Anniversary Edition with a Massive Overhaul™, but it seems that any and all overhauls have been purely visual, as the gameplay still feels bulky and clunky and extremely clumsy as compared to other ARPGs. If judged solely on the original, sure, the Anniversary Edtion is an improvement--it is prettier, it is brighter and it even has some nicely integrated semi-modern FX. But if judged as a game released in 2016 with a claim to have been given a Massive Overhaul™, TQ:AE falls short.Edit: for reference, I am running this game on max settings with my specs being two 8gb GTX980s in SLI (16gb V-RAM), 16gb of RAM, an i7-4720HQ and Windows 8 Professional.TL;DR Looks prettier, plays like a badly ravaged tambourine."
,Not Recommended,475150,30532846,Posted: 15 March,all,Kenta,"Nothing works. Couldn't speak to npcs, cinematics skip  when you do anything, volume control does not control volume."
76561198019148402,Not Recommended,475150,25588717,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,callMeEarly,"As you can see, I spend a hundred hours into game. I would say I had enjoy the game until I was in a higher difficulty.I hate 1 shot-kill, and this is not fun especially in epic act 4 and a few boss fights.Some attacks are not even be avoided because the monsters cast/perform the damages pretty fast.2nd, they rasised the penalty of Bleeding and Valitity in higher difficulty and these two resistances are hard to be covered by gears and masteries. These changes makes my high level character (almost lvl60) vulnerable and instance dead which is not fun."
,Not Recommended,475150,31083737,Posted: 11 April,all,Cybero,Clound sync is garbage
,Not Recommended,475150,29076721,Posted: 6 January,all,Taintinator,"I want to like this game, but it was a terrible experience trying to import saves.  I wound up having to just manually copy and paste them into a save folder as I never got the option of having them import.  Skills are still broken (ravages of time). People claim its fixed and is a percent reduction, but that isnt the case for me.  Just play TQIT with the fan patch.  Youre much better off"
,Not Recommended,475150,25608664,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Player_5R7,"Impossible to recommend this version, it simply does not work properly! constantly crasehes, curser issues, cant alt tab. Simply does not work. Now, the original with imortal throne, thats still great, go that one!"
,Not Recommended,475150,25705710,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Achelina Jolie,It was fun until my sister's characters gets deleted whenever she closes the game.
76561198274027226,Not Recommended,475150,35395622,Posted: 1 October,all,gothjackel8711,wtf i cant play it no more idk what happend but its bs so f this game and tottle bs i cant play it f it
,Not Recommended,475150,33918701,Posted: 30 July,all,KizzShizzle,"Super dated, and annoyingly slow"
76561198018553988,Not Recommended,475150,34627256,Posted: 30 August,all,Jason,can't play this game on windows 10
76561198005263135,Not Recommended,475150,28898444,Posted: 1 January,all,garryfre,"Not for the casual player ot those without cat like reflexes. It gets extremely frustrating! . It starts out ok and as you level and discover various skills it gets to be a hell of a lot of fun then act 3 lowers the boom on you. I got a side quest to retrieve some weapons and while trying to find them I ran into Mr Freeze as I call it. A yeti that guards the weapons and I tried to fight him and instant death. Went back and tried again and again! Just when I start to make some headway it should simply stun me and drop an avelanche on me. There is barely enough time to blink!Died to that thing dozens of times and unlike all the other times, he's fully healed up when you get back.I play to blow off steam not to get frustrated to the point of profanity. I don't need that and neither do a lot of folks. It's great for humiliation starting at act 3."
,Not Recommended,475150,29831386,Posted: 10 February,all,Ciritty,"Probably a good game many years ago, wouldn't recommend it today. Unless you want to play an older version of grim dawn don't bother.Salt knights leave salt in comment section, thanks!"
76561198126562210,Not Recommended,475150,28211437,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,bluetip38,This game has more bugs then the old version....its not my system. You cant even pick up things half the time !
76561197996593304,Not Recommended,475150,25661902,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Nomad,"Summary:  A miminum change cash grab that mostly messes with the balance in ways that change the play experience significantly while leaving many bugs in place.  Less a polished special edition then the equivalent of George Lucas adding unnecessary garbage to the Star Wars Trilogy.So here's the deal.  I liked the original Titan Quest, I played through both the base game and the DLC.  I was kind of excited to see this version come out and was looking forward to checking it out.  And then I played it and the crushing disappointment set in.For me at least, the difficulty level of the game was jacked up to sky high levels.  I was doing next to no damage to enemies, having to desperately kite them around and chip away at their health in a way that I can only describe as completely unfun.There are clearly many people that enjoy this playstyle, I've asked in the forums about the difficulty change and some people don't even think it changed.  All I can say is that for me, it changed so much that I no longer care to play it.  I'd rather play the originals then this one.A pattern has emerged.  The fans of the game will always respond with suggestions about how you just have to tailor your character to a few specific build types, and pick resistances and attacks that correspond with the specific enemy you're attacking.  The thing is I don't really care to play that way, and I didn't have to before.  I was able to play it for fun without having to worry about making the optimal skill tree choices and knowing that a single bad choice could doom my character.If you enjoy the prospect of spending ten or more hours building up a character only to find that they're too weak to progress any further and having to start over, then this is the game for you.  I'm honestly surprised that anyone finds that to be a good thing, but I've seen fans on the forums saying that they enjoy it for just that reason.But for me, merely progressing is such a painful, tedious grind that I see no point in even getting to that point."
76561198026687703,Not Recommended,475150,25408626,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,5pam!,"Great game, completely destroyed by re-release balancing team.There is no point in playing the game in endgame. I farmed equipment for my main character over 10 years!  Now I feel like a character that just started playing act 2 on normal. No killspeed, no defense, pots all day. If i wanted to fight for ages against trash mobs I would play an asia grinder, not a Hack&Slay game.Conclusion:Either play the old Titan Quest, or play games where they now how a Hack&Slay has to feel like. Grim Dawn, Path of Exile or Diablo 3 are all far better choices."
,Not Recommended,475150,33497129,Posted: 13 July,all,TehUberTaco,This game is so boring good lord
76561198315849168,Not Recommended,475150,30467473,Posted: 12 March,all,邢先生,为和与宣传有点不符合？看宣传挺激动的，3D貌似 鬼泣那种的画面，结果呢？进游戏就看见一个斯巴达战士，正面刚蛇姬，是在下输了。看着游戏画面挺强烈的西方风格。怎么进游戏就完全和想的不一样呢？变成了那种像网游的那种风格。抱歉有点接受不了。我是99年的，现在还没有工作买游戏的这点钱好不容易抠出来的，我会心疼，至少最近不再会碰着款游戏。
,Recommended,475150,25286082,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Mito,"It's cool, but too hard for me :D"
,Not Recommended,475150,32048973,Posted: 29 May,all,Danakin,"I was not able to play the original because of technical issues like rubber banding. I launch the Anniversary Edition, thinking everything is fixed...Never have I been so wrong.I can't even move the mouse cursor.Too bad. I actually wanted to enjoy the game."
76561198015147679,Not Recommended,475150,28177799,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Strandly,"The UI in this game is absolute trash.  Pure 100% Grade-A trash.  The storage system is terrible.  Simple things like moving up or down a set of stairs is a nightmare because the UI is terrible.  Clicking on your tombstone after you die?  Another nightmare.  Buying potions 1 at a time?  Yep, this game has it.  In combat and trying to use an ability?  Good luck with that.  Did I mention the drop rate?  Most ridiculously terrible drop rate I have ever seen in an action RPG.  Welcome to SinglePlayerInfiniteFarmSim 2006, enjoy your stay!"
76561198122184555,Not Recommended,475150,29384198,Posted: 20 January,all,Jeroeco,glitchy
,Not Recommended,475150,33796571,Posted: 25 July,all,Uni✰Chan✰,can't connectit crashedcan't playbought it for play it with friendsbut it's useless
,Not Recommended,475150,28697365,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Justinian,"What is probably a good hack and slash RPG is completely ruined by the complete lack of hit reactions from enemies. When 99% of your game is hitting monsters and you can't even make that simple action fun, you've failed as a game developer. Will not touch with a ten foot pole."
76561198046708374,Not Recommended,475150,25434128,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Elfy,"Addictive but so very boring. I played most of the Act I and I have no idea why this is called RPG. There is no story to speak of, no choices, nothing. If you manage to roleplay while doing this linear, mind-bogglingly dull, trance-inducing click-click-click-click, then you can call minesweeper an RPG as well. Or anything, really.Maybe it's just not my thing, but I remember playing some Diablo and Torchlight in the past, and while I quite dislike them for the timesink they were, at least they had style. TQ is doing nothing for me."
,Not Recommended,475150,29882986,Posted: 12 February,all,Nevermind,just buy 100000 health potions and beat the game
,Not Recommended,475150,28504253,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Trash Wizard,I can't imagine why I used to like this game.  It's boring.
76561198397221518,Not Recommended,475150,33872809,Posted: 28 July,all,DARK OBLIVION GOD,wont start for me.
,Not Recommended,475150,25357620,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Mozgus,"While I do like the game, I've just been too spoiled by their followup in the genre, Grim Dawn. It's a far superior action RPG in every way, ESPECIALLY in pacing. This game has always just been a slow crawl, and I always give up at the 2nd main act after setting sail. I suppose I will never beat it. This time I even resorted to cheating for a boost, but I just don't have the motivation to do all that running. The dungeons especially are very dull and annoying to explore.Just get Grim Dawn if you can afford it. If you got the old Titan Quest from a bundle for really cheap, and you find this new and improved version in your library, by all means, extract what fun you can from it."
76561198073505394,Not Recommended,475150,25351733,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Nigerian King of Scam,"This version of the game suffers from the same problems the original had, gameplay wise.It is boring, very boring for the first few hours, and then it gets only slightly better. According to the fanbase, that is.You kill enemies of a few archetypes, those who engage in melee combat, those who stay in ranged combat and a few mages, which use a few more abilites. Any enemy I've met has fallen into one of these archetypes, even the heroes. There has been not one battle that was even slightly exciting because all of the enemies seem to have the exact same attack pattern.The combat feels off, too. Melee's fine, but ranged just feels clunky. I can't really describe it, but if you play it you'll notice. Quite often, your character seems to hesitate before an attack.The skills are somewhat boring, especially if you compare them to Diablo II, which this game tried to piggyback on when it came out.The soundtrack is nice, very relaxing and soothing, so not that fitting for an ARPG.Actually, since Titan Quest lacks a lot of the A present in a typical ARPG, it atcually does fit.Some more music to play would have been great, since playing Diablo II's soundtrack somewhat harms the lighthearted atmosphere of this game.I have no complaints concerning the graphics.My recommendation is to avoid this game unless you have a saint's patience and don't mind investing a lot of time into an ARPG without knowing whether you're going to like it in 10 hours. Now that may not sound like much, but ten hours (+ 3 or so idling) felt like a very long time to me, and I have several hundred in Morrowind.Of course, you could mod this, but that deosn't make the combat any less clunky. I'd say go for Grim Dawn instead, it's made by the same guys who were responsible for this flawed gem, but much more playable and with much better pace.EDIT:I forgot about the story because everyone cares about the story in this type of game.The premise is pretty interesting, Hell, the entire story is pretty great if only it had any actual impact on the world. Monsters overrunning Greece? Cities besieged and temples destroyed?Hardly visible in the game with birds chirping and some fat Greek in sandals caring more about his ugly daughter's wedding dowry.http://www.grimdawn.com/forums/showthread.php?p=37225#post37225"
,Not Recommended,475150,33869586,Posted: 28 July,all,Kickbutt72,dislike this version because it uses immortal throne gameplay like not picking up items. Going back to the original disc version becuase of this
76561197988880521,Not Recommended,475150,25289188,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,DaAtta™,"I was so happy when i read that the multiplayer is back but then...The server browser is a catastrophe and much worse than in the original version. There is no search, it's refreshing every 2 seconds so you can't even search manually and the steam invite system doesn't work aswell.The game is great for single player, but i absolutely can't recommend this for anyone who wants to play the multiplayer... looks like noone ever actually tried playing this."
76561197968542550,Not Recommended,475150,25432347,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Micro peen,"Just bought this because I liked it back in 2006, before I had it on steam. Fired it up and crashes after 5 or 10 minutes of play, without fail. cant recommend for this reason"
76561198082025968,Not Recommended,475150,25405137,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,timwuzhere,"Cursor doesn't work in full screen mode, won't play till this is fixed, this game came highly recommended to me and I am dissapointed."
76561198089835469,Not Recommended,475150,25420350,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Bombstrap Infinity,i want to like titan quest so hard but i honestly can'tthe combat is boring as hellthe skills aren't satisfyingnone of the loot is interesting3/10 buy grim dawn instead
76561198116895028,Not Recommended,475150,30362431,Posted: 6 March,all,Ioanitza,"This game is great! I'm kidding. It's a mediocre clone of Diablo. It has some potential and fresh moments, but everything is ruined by annoying bugs and unbalanced staff. My favourite bug is where there is nothing in front of me but I cannot move forward. I have to click to the left or to the right a few pixels away and then I'm able to continue forward. Great, invisible five pixels wide walls! How not to love this game!? Especially when you try to get to an archer or to run away from an overpowered boss. If you still really want to try it, then my advice is to wait when it's on sale. For five bucks it's acceptable."
,Not Recommended,475150,29914214,Posted: 13 February,all,brajaN,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,475150,28643444,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Xargock,"Seems fun, it's basically Diablo 1-2... but crashes when you tab out. Can't, or rather, won't recommend for that reason. It wouldn't be so bad it were autosave or something, but.. there goes a whole bunch of progress."
76561198056294985,Not Recommended,475150,30013958,Posted: 18 February,all,Pierceofveil,A disapointment for RPG and hack and slash lovers. Dont waste your money.
76561198001589122,Not Recommended,475150,25365201,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,SSGxSkinWalker,"Runs great, but still ruthlessly overtuned."
,Not Recommended,475150,25340751,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Guylanda,"Coming into this for the first time as a longtime fan of ARPG's such as Diablo II, Path of Exile, Torchlight I & II and VanHelsing I did not find this game enjoyable. The gameplay is slow and controls could be smoothed out a bit. The graphics are bland and for me were a bit glitchy and many textures flickered constantly. I was interested to try out this game as many reviews said that it was easily comparable with some of my other favorites. After a couple hours I easily reached the conclusion that in comparison to those games this one is slow, boring and unintuitive.Also this game has a rabid dickish fanbase for some reason."
76561197973064070,Not Recommended,475150,26620855,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,BadAttitude,"Utter garbage, not remotely worth the purchase, not even worth at no cost. Spent an hour trying to get it to work and then gave up. I WANT MY ♥♥♥♥ING MONEY BACK!!!"
76561198054184831,Not Recommended,475150,25303420,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,putsdry,"I really love this game, but ive tried  to get it working MP with my two friends. It crashes A LOT! Invites doesnt work, the MP lobby doesnt work...Go back playing Immortal throne, if you want the best experience."
,Not Recommended,475150,25319759,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,phfor,"Great game, shame the multiplayer is so unstable - players crashing in a 6 player match every few minutes."
76561198031800022,Not Recommended,475150,25339569,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,matpaice,"The game didn't work properly. Mouse pointer won't move when game loaded, and it had to be played in windowed mode to work. The higher resolutions end up with tiny text, which is unreadable. Online forums show that the developer is aware of these problems, but hasn't fixed them for the anniversary edition. Disappointing."
76561198025389091,Not Recommended,475150,25308009,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Aeryn Ryker,I tried a lot of different fixes from online but I never could actually play. Mouse wouldn't budge or it wouldn't even start. Major disappointment
76561197999957581,Not Recommended,475150,32029174,Posted: 28 May,all,Hcorg,"Boring, repetable, boring, unbalanced, boring, bugs, boring, some OP bosses, but most, you guess it - boring."
76561198011362599,Not Recommended,475150,25333227,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Maiden,"Not happy at all. Game is not optimized at all. Have to run it in Windows 95/98 compatibility mode. Framerate is a joke, even at low settings. I surely hope they plan on fixing this. Don't buy it even at $4.99 intro price for remastered of which looks vertually identical to the version I had a prior to remaster release. :("
76561197983970175,Not Recommended,475150,25330165,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,SatanPlayingGames,Can not progress passed first quest due to bug.  Nice remake guys.
76561198039584723,Not Recommended,475150,25343686,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Snif,Not really worth it. Tons of bugs. If you want to play with a friend with multiplayer - good luck!
76561198116363932,Not Recommended,475150,25292490,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,visser,"I played this game when it came out. It was a blast. Good game even now. However what I also remember is that it was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Had a lot of trouble back then joining friends online or even on LAN for that matter.So I saw this baby was on sale for the anniversary edition. Bought it along with a friend to play it coop online. Reading the release notes on the improved networking functionality made me hopefull. However I found myself googling the last 6 hours trying to find fixes to make us able to join each others game. With no result. Even my last resort gameranger didn't provide a solution since it doesn't recognize this hybrid version of TQ / TQIM.Since I already played through TQIM 2-3 times in the past, this game has no value to me as a single player game.If you get this game to work it really is a good game which I can recommend. However with this ""new"" version the network still doesn't work properly. Therefore I'm giving it a thumbsdown."
76561198016052870,Not Recommended,475150,25294164,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,barnstar,"UIpdate 4 is still unplayable for me.Even with this new edition my mouse pointer is still frozen, unless I change my icon and text size to 100 percent in control panel!  It makes the game playable, but windows becaomes unusable for me as I run my resolution at 1080 in windows 7 64bit and with the icons and text are set so small I cant see anything!  So playing the game requires a restart before and after, not exactly what I was expecting from this new version!"
76561197996368907,Not Recommended,475150,33905221,Posted: 30 July,all,Tec7,"No lifebar over the enemys heads? Clunky combat, when you choose one spell you press 1, then you have to press mouse to launch that spell? wtf. Why not have it launched the instance you pressed 1 ?   Diablo 3 is better."
,Not Recommended,475150,32165198,Posted: 3 June,all,TestZero,Boring. Just freaking BORING.
76561198052562356,Not Recommended,475150,25347379,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Habi,"Would have been great, if it wasn't a buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,475150,25363772,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Mug-why,"win 10, gtx 970, 15 fps"
76561197997938680,Not Recommended,475150,25791151,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,gigi,"BUYER BEWARE! If you still have the old disc, play that! This new version only wants money with big promises and the game in this version seems to be broken at all ends and hooks and crannies. I dare say it seems to be basically unplayable. Save your money!"
,Not Recommended,475150,29788316,Posted: 8 February,all,mjrchickenhawk,"This game has not aged well at all, too slowly paced! It feels like youre running in syrup."
76561198090588566,Not Recommended,475150,30400710,Posted: 8 March,all,moodegregor,"If you consider this better than ANY Diablo game, you are seriously delusional.It sucks."
,Not Recommended,475150,29825357,Posted: 10 February,all,♥ Melody ♫,"Essentially the same game as Grim Dawn, but with way worse and more unpleasant UI, Controls and Co-Op system."
,Not Recommended,475150,25290604,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,MaTT_SplaTT,"Hmmm, text is not bad at 1080p but unplayable at 4k unless you have a 60"" UHD TV with a steam controller.  Would be nice if there was some text size options or the text auto scaled with the resolution.  You can change the size of the HUD though.  The game wouldn't play at first.  The mouse icon kept sticking and the game was freezing up on the start up menu screen.  Then it suddenly started working.  Don't think I did anything to fix it.Great game but not as modernised as I'd hoped.  Not bad for a fiver though (or free for those that already had it) :)"
76561198014913462,Not Recommended,475150,25311148,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Illimitus,How do you release a game with no mouse support?Refund!
76561198061246924,Not Recommended,475150,29830097,Posted: 10 February,all,RealSneal,Qualites are so badconcept stolen from Diablo
,Not Recommended,475150,25314687,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Jimmybeaver,"OMG , great music, story is epic. Voice acting good, graphic just passable (nowdays). Thank you for giving this to free, but after exiting for first time it made steam crash. A real pity"
76561198078820850,Not Recommended,475150,33853945,Posted: 28 July,all,atd,"multiplayer crash when joining , sh,it game."
76561198085525120,Not Recommended,475150,34030432,Posted: 4 August,all,Vertigo,Dumb.
,Not Recommended,475150,28392635,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Herb,AWFUL diablo 2 rip-off
,Not Recommended,475150,25298589,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Pyramid,"SOUNDS------- Fixed excessive Satyr gruntsVery noticable, immersion in this game just isn't possible now.Until this issue is fixed, I'm giving this game a 9/10 - absolute trash."
,Not Recommended,475150,25456813,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Shoopernicus,garbage
76561197990515191,Not Recommended,475150,28613069,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,FatalCockSlap,"This game is repetitive garbage.There is zero storyline, Coop is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ with bad features. Only gameplay is through grinding boring mobs.DO NOT BUY, NOT WORTH THE MONEY AT ALL.You'd be better of buying a hamburger at Mc'donalds."
76561198053167360,Not Recommended,475150,25281069,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Saica-Fox,Great game just didnt age to well with mechanics and now clunky combat compared to most modern ARPG like Grim dawn which is made with same old engine and looks runs and plays 1000 times better or Path of exile which is just solid gameplay
76561198071760031,Not Recommended,475150,30280204,Posted: 2 March,all,AmericanJohnny,"russian players take up MOST of the server population. they do not like american players for some reason. ive been banned from 2 games now for no reason at all. they will pretend to be your friend for maybe 5 minutes and then.... you see the words youve been banned from the server. they purposely did it, just because you're the best country in the world. well... i sadly dont recommend this game because of that, but if you want to play a forever LONG game all by yourself with no help... then yes, i'd recommend it... if you're buying it for multiplayer and single player... no, the multiplayer is not friendly and all your hard work can just go up in smoke. this is why countrys are segregated. this is why we have borders keeping the ""others"" out. you were born to be with your own kind... a world divided by race, and language...not that any other country matters except america. im just blessed to be here."
,Not Recommended,475150,25277264,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Spinefarm,"I got this based on reviews saying it is on par with DII. It's the same style, with a cool way to do level ups/skills, but the skills themselves are very lackluster. The game plays like a very sluggish, very easy diablo. I played through the first zone in 31 minutes with my head in my hand and elbow resting on my desk just clicking. Bored as hell. The UI is horrible and time between clicking and action is very long.Unless you are a previous fan and want the nostalgia back, Diablo 2 is superior in every aspect. And Path of Exile is the current best ARPG and it's free so....no point in wasting $5."
76561198033547435,Not Recommended,475150,25278564,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Ham Lord,"If you played Diablo 2 and thought ""I wish this played slower and contained more filler story"" then this is the game for you. The game doesn't really have a distinguishing style to it, I don't see it and think ""this is Titan Quest"" it looks more like a generic fantasy with your generic creatures. The skills are boring and have really long cooldowns to keep the game progressing at a snails pace, only redeemed by the option to set the games speed up to 'fast' and 'very fast'. This is basically the precursor to Grim Dawn so if you liked that terrible game then you'll probably like this one since it's 100x better despite being released earlier. I don't reccomend buying this unless you think there will be worthwhile mods published to the steam workshop."
,Not Recommended,475150,25283142,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,bLaRki,I was so excited to see a new Titan Quest gameToo bad its exactly the same as the other 2
,Recommended,475150,27545845,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,NesQuik,"nothing beats a classic masterpiece played the original but never got around to finishing it, lets hope this time i do :)"
76561197971721723,Recommended,475150,27901841,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Firkraag,"An oldie, but a goodie."
,Recommended,475150,27902001,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Killravn,"Just as good as it ever was, heck its even better now with the ridiculous rubber-banding issues no longer plagueing it. If you've never played it (or even if you have) and you like ARPGs with a unique setting this game is definitely for you."
,Recommended,475150,27898944,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,PeaJay,This game was fantastic at it's original release and it just got boosted with the Anniversary Edition.If you like Diablo likes in any way you owe yourself to play this game.
,Recommended,475150,27936545,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,kingkoopa,its a very fun game easy to learn and is a great rpg
76561198016878099,Recommended,475150,27925382,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,torkum,I have played this game when it came out and I was was getting bored by Diablo.Very nice game for fast multiplayer hack&slay.
76561198168528418,Recommended,475150,27925534,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,pervertdentist,The closest thing you ever got to Diablo II
76561198027874907,Recommended,475150,27897627,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,randomchance42,"Hands down my all-time favorite ARPG. Loved it when it first came out, bought it again on steam, now I'm still playing this anniversary edition years later.There's a ton of replayability with the different masteries and mastery combinations. Start grinding that loot!"
,Recommended,475150,27935291,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,youmeng,The original still holds up very well nowadays. It comes as a big suprise when I receive this anniverasies update from THQ Nordic. Loaded the game and play it again. A whole lots of fun to relive the journey. Now my son also has a copy at his steam. Son and father to the adventure!.
76561198034660192,Recommended,475150,27985541,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Pub Commander,"I owned the origional on steam so I got this copy for free, ♥♥♥♥ yeah, I love this game, first box pc game I ever bought.#steamachievement"
,Recommended,475150,27990931,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,latnamsage,I put hundreds of hours into the original and will gladly do the same with the Anniversary Edition. Excellent upgrade to a great classic.
76561197998620986,Recommended,475150,27654268,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Nyananymous,It's still a great game- I only did this for the badge sorry
76561198272716572,Recommended,475150,27917364,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dabbing Is Gay,"A bit repeptitive at times but very fun. Great graphics for its time and great voice actors. The campaign is very long and can get boring at times, but its a game I can play for hours every day."
76561198032043844,Recommended,475150,27916809,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SatanEnglish,Had the orginal.Played for hours and hours.Lost the orginal.See on steam buy steam version.Played for hours and hours.Got Anniversary edition version time to play it all over again. :)
,Recommended,475150,27953494,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,EAM666 [NL],11/10
76561198163594577,Recommended,475150,27922182,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Foxhound,I played original game years ago for many hours. Years later I see it steam sale and got it. Still a great game. Now I have Anniversary Edition and its even better with achievements.
,Recommended,475150,27945326,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ki,10 years later this game is still better then  most other games that came out in the genre and it still recives updates!
76561198063541716,Recommended,475150,25297685,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,No-Ass,"I absolutely love this game i just wish the multiplayer for me wasn't being buggy, it won't let me select lobbies it just automatically rescrolls to the lobby at the top, I also need people to play this game with lolother than that, AMAZING game"
76561198043773339,Recommended,475150,25294810,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,24601,"Thanks, THQNordic for reviving this gem.  And thanks for the free upgrade.  To be honest I've never gotten far into this game, it's somewhat difficult and not pulling punches on bad players like me, but there's something about that challenge that makes a game shine.Glad I got it on sale a while back, but if you're a fan of classic arpgs, I'd still consider paying full price."
,Recommended,475150,25298210,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,s0nniez,Did not expect this! Kudos to you Nordic.Can't wait to replay this again.
76561198072618688,Recommended,475150,27256930,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Magyk,"After so many years, it just keep better and better every time I played. Well the game is click and slash style with a deep story line that keep the game interesting even when you getting old, this game still replayable.This game is highly recommended. I'm tried to find the bug that some people stated it but it seem I'm unable to find it. Maybe the beautiful art and the uniquesness of the game that keeping me distracted from finding the bug. Well played. If you guys like the click and slash style mix with deep story line go ahead and buy it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,475150,27337010,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Thick Toenail,The update makes this game even better
76561198154157181,Recommended,475150,27310648,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MOTHER NOOB farmskins.com,this game is truly awesome
,Recommended,475150,27333361,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AnimeFreak DxD,"Titan quest is a must have game if you have played games like Diablo.It has got a really great story and lots of mythical creatures that has existed threw the history, from countries like Greace, Egypt and China.It has also got lots of aswesome awesome quests!!Sincerely yours AnimeFreak"
76561198085897705,Recommended,475150,27050006,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BlackPl4gue,Good game to play and hang out with your friendsrate 7/10
76561198025816237,Recommended,475150,27063361,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ŕєηžσ,"The Hack'n'Slash reference. IMO, a better game than Diablo. And we got a major update 10 years after its creation, even if Iron Lore closed down 8 years ago. You must own it."
,Recommended,475150,27060494,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,GaimerDon,If you read the change loghttp://titanquestgame.com/pcchangelog/TQ_AnniversaryEdition_FullChangelog.txtyou will see this is a HUGE update many balancing fixes new items sets and bosses. You can almost call this upadean expansion for free..(if you owned original of course)
,Recommended,475150,27094805,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KeepoKreep,Just Play IT!!!!!!!
76561198019810889,Recommended,475150,27096214,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,hrabbi5,still one of the ultimate arpg'sI have finished at least 10 timesand then the developers come out with a FREE anniversary edition!!I will now have to finish it again!!if only all developers where like this!
76561198025064132,Recommended,475150,27096370,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Neurotheses,Bought this game many eons ago. Enjoyed it then and I'm still enjoying it till this day. Top down view and fantastic graphics. It may not be as good as other leading 4K graphic enabled games out there but come on this game just celebrated it's 10 year anniversary!In short? Buy it! Play it! and enjoy it!
,Recommended,475150,27150090,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KatsuDon,"Over a decade on, Titan Quest shows us why it's still got what it takes to enjoy hack and slash in its finest. It's among one of a handful of games that demonstrates a well designed and balanced game with stellar gameplay, a seamless interface and user experience doesn't need to rely on triple A graphics or voice actors to tell a story or engage you for an hour or forty. Still every bit as fun and relevant today as it was ages ago. A must play ARPG with great lore, loads of replayability and one that brought us so many features that we now take for granted."
,Recommended,475150,27183754,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DragonKing lDCCl,"I received the original hard copy version of Titan Quest up to christmas around its original release date.That shifted my opinion on what was the best ARPG out there, previously being Diablo II. Today, Grim Dawn, developed by ex Ironlore devs has that title, but Titan Quest will always be a bag of fun to go back to. What really speaks to me is the vibrant art style with nice, saturated, colors. Oh, and the physics are hilarious!In terms of game mechanics, there is so much room for customizing your play style. Go a single class, or use the dual class system to make a hybrid, who doesn't like a spell flinging swordsmaster?10/10 would hurl a burning satyr across the map again."
76561198005363683,Recommended,475150,27168500,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fábio,Muito bom!!!
76561198019664228,Recommended,475150,27179171,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DevCodex,"A game that passes the test of time, after 10 years and with the improvements made, it's like a rough diamond was polished to a certain degree.Rich mythological content."
,Recommended,475150,27139486,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,donky,good
,Recommended,475150,27231747,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TANE,Old and golden
,Recommended,475150,27223068,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheOne320,"One of my favourite ARPGs. What I especially like is the skill system. It is unique. The game has a few flaws, mainly it’s engine, but I can live with that."
,Recommended,475150,27220208,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ardeo,If you ever feel like playing a semi challenging game where you say to yourself maybe I'll play for a half hour to kill time then find out that you have successfully burned three hours while roaming the maps slaying everything or at least trying to then this game is right for you.Feels similar to Diablo and also different as you can build two skill trees after a small amount of time. Life can be rough as a melee though versus bosses.
76561198130159608,Recommended,475150,27195005,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,spirtous,Good old isometric ARPG times!!Game played flowless in both modern and old systems.
,Recommended,475150,27341655,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bloodwyrm Wildheart,"Titan Quest was one of the first three ARPGs I ever played, along with Sacred and Diablo 2, and I have to say, it's my favorite of the bunch.TQ was also one of the first games I successfuly convinced my friends to buy, and boy, we had a heck of a time playing it together!I saw it in Best Buy one day, around the time of its initial release. Being a mythology enthusiast, I thought it looked interesting and, without expecting too much, picked it up.I was pleasantly surprised.Impressive graphics (at the time), good music, addicting gameplay... TQ blends classical mythology of Greece, Egypt, Babylon and China with just the right amount of creative liberty.Iron Lore also brought brand new mechanics to the table with the Mastery System: Up to two masteries can be combined together to create unique classes that fit your preferred playstyle.Later on, it would truly hurt me to learn of Iron Lore's dissolution; After Immortal Throne, I was really looking forward to an Atlantis, Norse, or even Aztec expansion. TQ had—and still has—so much potential.I know Iron Lore employees would go on to found Crate Entertainment and make Grim Dawn, but... ""it just ain't the same"". The setting of TQ is what really drives it home for me.I'm very glad Titan Quest got sort of an up-to-date definitive edition in the Anniversary Edition.Some bugs still remain, like the infamous ""Items-falling-through-ground"" issue, but I suspect that has something to do with the engine, as the bug exists in Grim Dawn as well.Not a deal breaker by any means.All-in-all, Titan Quest is a game definitely worth picking up!"
76561197973864561,Recommended,475150,25547761,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Laslo,"If you like something Diabloesque, but want to stay in the Steam echo system, this is it.Sure it's almost 20€, but it compensates with being _incredibly_ long.Like games used to be, remember? :-)There are so many levels, holy schnikies.Only thing I wish they did differently is that they would let me keep playing after the main quest was complete, so I could go back and finish all the side quests i missed."
76561197984925110,Recommended,475150,25673094,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Isildur,great new edition
,Recommended,475150,25702090,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,AchillesPalm,It's A blast from the past! After many years of nothing I found it startling to open Steam and see Titan Quest installing. If you love good Diablo Style RPGs This is a must play the fun combat and stat mechanics give the game great replay value and creates depth to charater creation. Whether You played the original or havent even heard of it I highly Recommend the great Classic!
,Recommended,475150,25767388,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,⎛⎝dowutevadaFUCKyouwannado⎠⎞,"I wanted a Daiblo like game, and this is it. It has lots of class combinations, high replayability, and mods. However there has been alot of players playing private games only, so that kind of sucks. 10/10, it may be like Diablo, but imo...Diablo is better."
,Recommended,475150,25738110,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,t@ufu,Good game. It combines the old Titan quest and Titan quest immortal throne into one. Love it due to the possibilities cities of class and play style.
,Recommended,475150,27159166,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,BayLeaf,"Much love to THQ Nordic for revamping this classic, it truly never gets old.This remaster is just an expansion on the excellence of the previous game, as it adds bug fixes to problems that most wouldn't have even known existed with the previous game. TQ:AE is more of a concatenation of the base game and the expansion (Immortal throne) with just a bit more sparkle from it's shine.Would recommend to those looking for a diablo-like experience, and those looking for a lengthy game to enjoy on your own or with a group."
76561198118583665,Recommended,475150,27131874,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,K-Sam,After all these years its still a fun game to play and spend your time with friends!
76561198088191260,Recommended,475150,27098541,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shaga,"Took me ten years to finish the game in Legendary, best life expectancy ever."
76561198274993662,Recommended,475150,27003649,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wilverene,A good game for killing some time and has a wide range of exploring both the terrain and character elements.
,Recommended,475150,27099567,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Evil Dr Foetus,"Really surprised to see this come back, in a good way. One of the best ARPGs out there."
,Recommended,475150,27342552,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,polaru,aaaaaaaaaaaa
76561198060797582,Recommended,475150,27232586,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zSidz,"This game deserves so much more credit, I almost grew up with this game and I have enjoyed every single second of my play time. The masteries are the best part and the huge huge world for us to explore with our friends is amazing!I really would like to see Titan quest 2 or something of that sort."
,Recommended,475150,27274115,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Agadoul,I have 1053 hours of play. No need for a long review.  Game is my best game of all time.
76561198042149284,Recommended,475150,27273704,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Arkantos,I always come back to play titan quest. I first got this game when I was 12 (now 21) and I've been playing since.I must say this game is fantastic. the story is always the same but I like how your character is completely different every time you play it. 10/10.
76561198205424080,Recommended,475150,27284094,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,otimir,A great game. Epic.
,Recommended,475150,27041480,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BigSawa,"I loved this games when it came out in 2006, and I still love it as much today. For being 10 years old, the graphics still look very decent, and the drive to keep slaughtering monsters for better loot is at least as good as in Diablo, if not even better. Buying this game is money well spent!"
,Recommended,475150,27029210,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MegaJimi,a really awesome action rpg. if your a fan of the genre it is a must have 10/10.
76561198090292376,Recommended,475150,27292177,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,morgan,best game ever!!!
76561198022239742,Recommended,475150,27270846,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Urface,"I love this game, I always will love this game. Diablo 3 has nothing on this."
,Recommended,475150,27267691,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JJPepper,These changes <3
,Recommended,475150,26647394,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Jan,"Despite it's age, this game is still one of my favorite ARPGs. Having played the ""old"" standard editions many hundreds of hours I finished and really enjoyed the new Anniversary Edition."
,Recommended,475150,26680238,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Sabpai,"I was given this copy for free since I had originally owned the base game and expansion.I don't have much to say for the review except for this.I've played this game for a long time, and noticed the love and care that started coming to it from THQ Nordic.I'm happy to say they did it justice. The game plays as it originally did, but with plenty of fixes put into it, ontop of that working multiplayer. What else to say? I recommend it to anyone."
76561197986548802,Recommended,475150,26719653,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,lord0023,Had purchased the game twice in the past (original release and Steam) and for the [Anniversary Edition] for free.Never before have we seen a game developer support their game so many years down the road with relevant updates containing both bug fixes and enhancements!I must admit I never completed the Single Player campaign past the first portion of the second chapter as the game is pretty long and was somewhat repetitive game mechanics wise but it was worth paying and playing!Also see Grim Dawn which is their more recent game!
,Recommended,475150,26542716,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ZeroDivideD,"One of the best Hack N' Slash RPG games especially playing with friends. After 10 years about of its original release, it's still a great game worthy of buying despite its old mechanics."
76561197989334604,Recommended,475150,26487181,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Corpendium,"Clean & deep, mean lean hack 'n slashing machine!Buy it to recieve all updates and a growing mod comunity with great mods to enhance gameplay.Titan Quest Aniversary Edition is everything Diablo III could never archieve.A game made with heart for Ancient lore.Travel the world and go deep within de depths of chaos itselfs!Prepare to die!"
76561197997558715,Recommended,475150,26926623,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Necromancergoku,Titan quest anniversary is the people who made old fan patch who got licease to update and fix bugs and make it more compatible for newer computers and and balance issues in the game. it does do some of that it still has some bugs and compatiablity issues but cool they decided to update and fix the game. A action rpg little slower then diablo 2 and torchlight with longer cooldowns on skills regular combat is just like normal action rpg. Slightly older arpg but still holds up long acts up to 4 acts with the expansion immortal throne which is included if you arpgs try it out mythology greek/roman theme game.
,Recommended,475150,26959543,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AcesofDeath7,Really get a kick out of the Mythological play in this game.  A rather fun click-fest!
76561198033052529,Recommended,475150,25783931,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,WinterH,"Well... first review here...Even as someone who does not like hack & slash RPG titles much, I did got hooked on this one back when it was released mid 2000s.Between it's ragdoll enemies, nicely modeled weapons and armour, familiar yet well done environments, it's combat/skill/magic system is pretty well done as well. Although I tend to like medieval high fantasy setting, a fantasy setting inspring from ancient myhtologies is a welcome change, and it is quite welldone in this title. Class system was kind of unique, and can still be considered fairly unique even today a decade into it's release. You can combine any two ""classes"" and they are not as restrictive as they tend to be in most other RPGs.Overall, a nice game to have in collection of action RPG likers or ""cool game collectors"" alike.Pros :- A lot of gameplay time and replayability.- Intricate stat / skill system- Good variety of enemies and loot, with pretty nice designs overall- Fairly unique class systemCons :- While graphcis have aged fairly nicely for a decade old game, it is still an old timey game with graphics not as good as modern titles. Not an issue for me personally, but worth mentioning.- Controls can feel clunky at times, and the fact mouse pointer makes lousily low contrast with environment doesn't help with targeting your skills.- Can feel repetitive at times.Lastly, thanks to developers for making this game playable in modern operating systems again, had a blast!"
76561198022227985,Recommended,475150,25463452,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,lforty,"I skipped Dialbo 1-2 because I found Titan Quest/Immortal Throne all that time ago.This update brings this gem to a new generation of players.Dialbo style, great loot (had over 30 item mules) The skill tree was ahead of its timeMUST HAVE!!"
76561198056660237,Recommended,475150,25497568,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Azzudyen,"This game is a good large hack n slash game. If you have played Diablo games and liked them, then you would like this game. Many differnt classes and mixing 2 classes give even more replayabilty. Right now I have 50+ hours and I will easily play 3x that before getting bored."
,Recommended,475150,25402413,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Twitch.tv/SeeingBread,This is one of the great ARPGS of our time and still holds up after 10 years.
76561198087260903,Recommended,475150,25402558,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Eq.Schrodinger,thanks for the official chinese version. nice game
,Recommended,475150,25406437,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Drakon,"The game is great, it has nice features especially the online CO-OP multuplayer.The only thing that bugs me is the shared loot in MP like it was in Diablo 2 because most of the of the time you will only manage to get some useless yellows while your ""party"" loots the greens, blues etc."
,Recommended,475150,25404616,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Underwhelmed,A1 remake
,Recommended,475150,25401646,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Erixes,"Great game, I remember 10 years ago when buying the origional version of the game on CD and playing it for hours alternating between it and diablo 2. Mixes a great bit of mythology and the customization of dual classing at lvl 8. If you have friends to play with it can be very challenging at the start, nothing like having a room full of adults screaming because it gives you a litteral reinactment of ""The Birds"". 10/10 would be pecked to death."
76561197993829401,Recommended,475150,25400912,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,carville,I own the clasic Titan Quest so I got this for free.I wanted to pay for it so I bought a copy for my friend.10/10 Whould be suprised on a sequel as well.
76561198068688979,Recommended,475150,25401123,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,gipoz,Love this game <3
76561198199146089,Recommended,475150,25401132,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,MMM,So good. :)
,Recommended,475150,25538272,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Mylionel,A re-release done right. Things are fixed and improved over the base game. Good job THQ Nordic. Giving this game away for free for people who already own the original on steam was awesome. Unlike the bioshock remasters this is worth every penny.
76561198086350474,Recommended,475150,25537006,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Madul,"bought original TQ and got this game for free.i gave a bad review regarding technical issue about ocassionaly losing my progress in the original game.i have played this for hours and haven't once encounter the same issue, seems it has been fixed on this edition.good game, typical ARPG gameplay and story with unique assimilation of mythologies, good combination of class, nice side quest without overflowing it like sacred, better environment than diablo 2."
,Recommended,475150,25523821,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,KingJak,"A Good and simple remaster for modern system of the original Titan Quest + Immortal Trone Expansion with a new UI, some quality of Life improvements and balance tweaks.If you never played the original Titan Quest this is the definitive version of one of the best ARPG in the market, and if you like this you should check out Grim Dawn Aswell which is from the same devs."
,Recommended,475150,25533626,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,OtinanaiLeme,"Awesome game for it's age/time , still easily playable ,worth having in your collection."
76561198090246485,Recommended,475150,25414822,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Sir Tricky,"I got this version for free as i already owned the original TQ, despite the short play time i can say without a doubt this is a game worth playing, TQ is a game i have always loved playing. The class system is pretty damn decent and the difficulty level is challenging for all new players, this game wont hold your hand like many games around and that is the way TQ needs to be. So glad the devs released the anniversary edition, now they just need to get working on TQ2."
76561198001176743,Recommended,475150,25542167,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,NomadEater,"Great Game, I want an Expansion."
,Recommended,475150,25468960,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,INFICTUSX8,"I'm gona be totally honest.I received a pirated copy of Titan Quest from a friend back in 2007 and immediately fell inlove with the game.Time went on and I lost the ISO file and looked everywhere to get a copy again.Then one day, I saw the THQ Ultimate Box Set(9 Games included) onTakealot.comfor only R176 ZAR($12.21 USD) and purchased it.Thank you THQNordic for being so generous :)"
76561198039363306,Recommended,475150,28065571,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,luke0013,"Titan Quest was always a solid game, and this new edition just makes it better. The graphics have been updated, and some skills have been changed to improve usefulness. I got a free copy for owning the original on Steam before the release."
,Recommended,475150,28056288,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Nestoro,"5,-€ a must have.one of the best diablo like games for your steamlibary with a potential for thousand hours of playtime. This Anniversary editdion is rounding up the game + addon and pumps the performance up together with a new multiplayer, that finaly got rid of gamespy"
76561198085989712,Recommended,475150,28056368,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,BGerard888,Classic.Still a good run through. Game holds up.Pure ARPG heaven.
,Recommended,475150,28052802,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Vortex Clegane,"Eight or nine years ago, this was the game I spent a lot of good times with it. And, now, I am playing it again. It is awesome to be back. Wonderful game!"
,Recommended,475150,30853451,Posted: 31 March,all,RAZERKhas,Good game at a price under 10 EU/US.
76561198076508234,Recommended,475150,25476536,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Tandplak,great game and great replayability
,Recommended,475150,25355385,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Konamiya,"is it me or this anniversary edition is harder than the old version? *_*anyway, i still enjoy hitting those rikimaru friends===============================================================================================i hope sacred will follow with anniversary/new editionor maybe throne of darkness with better compatibility on win 10 + recent hardware come to steam"
,Recommended,475150,25503606,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Tokoyami,"Still one of the best H&S, a legend in his time."
76561198006934629,Recommended,475150,25673752,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Blackoth,Im very impressed that the new devs are putting such a large ammount of effort in making improvements and bug fixes in this new edition. From a gameplay standpoint its very solid and I remember it being the first game i noticed to use the reserved mana system for auras which i like that system. Multiplayer runs just fine too which is good because im playing through with my brother and we are having fun with it.
76561198168447825,Recommended,475150,25674118,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,tamarlence,"This game brings back lots of good memories. Spent hours playing this 10 years ago, and now it's back with an anniversary edition. Two games in one! Visuals seem better than the original and rare drops are a bit higher to keep the loot system more interesting. There isn't much into crafting, but you can pick up relics and charms and improve them to make stronger upgrades to your weapons and armor. You can also find artifacts that can be made by combining certain relics, charms, and scrolls. Without giving spoilers, you run through several locations around the world, picking up quests and learning about the ancient gods of mythology. Now the bad part....I have ran into a couple glitches though, one making me have to restart my character due to an NPC not registering the quest. The lobby room for multiplayers could use some work on it too. Best way is to just steam invite friends to your game. If they do not recieve the invite they might have to restart the game and try again."
76561198030575097,Recommended,475150,25675370,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Drif,"I loved this game when I played it at a kiddie, and now that I was given it for free becuase I had the original in my library I'm over the moon. The graphical improvments are fantastic and now the drop rates for uniques is high enought you arnt forced to mod the game.  Everything is better from when I was a kid and I have been playing with the same friends I played with as a kid. Bottem line, nostalgia trip for those who have played before and a great game for fans of the hack n' slash games.*Warning Dream mastery has been nerfed* THANK YOU FOR THAT, I do miss the silly ragdoll tho ;)"
,Recommended,475150,25671045,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Gaaius,Awesome!even after 10 Years
76561197990619743,Recommended,475150,25875039,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,CobaltNZ,"My review for this game is going to be positive... I really do enjoy playing it. I've owned the original Titan Quest and The Immortal Throne for years.I do have some negatives though:* At level 32 I got a blue weapon, which I thought would be awesome... but it was a level 22 weapon, making it almost no better than the yellow weapon I had.* At level 34 I killed a boss mob and he dropped a yellow level 15 weapon and a yellow level 18 chest piece. It's nigh on impossible to get gear that matches your level or even comes close to it.* I'm playing as a Thane - Warfare and Storm masteries - I would estimate more than 90% of green gear or above that drops is 100% int based. I'm after strength, some dex, and a little int. Any int gear that drops requires far more int than I have and therefore is useless to me.Basically the gear system needs some work.Other than that, though, I've completed the original game and expansion several times and I've had a lot of fun in it. Still do, in fact. I recommend the game, with a little caution that the gear system can be frustrating,"
,Recommended,475150,26005813,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,romanvinnik,I feel cheated having only found this game now! it is ablosutely brilliant!
,Recommended,475150,30802500,Posted: 28 March,all,❋Guildam❋,Better animation than Mass effect: Andromeda...
76561198275719746,Recommended,475150,25399473,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,stanislawa_sg,I love this game.I played it for years and years :)And it's never boring for me. I'm  very happy with the Anniversary Edition and i  will  enjoy playing it.
76561198107998339,Recommended,475150,25411007,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Bjorn.follegg,this game is real nice the price of the game on discount was like an no brainer to go buyjust find it hard to find good guides for chars so if any one know of that it be nice  im trying any way hehehe
,Recommended,475150,25439790,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,felix,"2016 year and i still use special programs because with hotkey bar in game i can't quick switch right click skills, and i can't cast spells with one button..."
76561198119634370,Recommended,475150,25440583,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,brokendragon,this is just brilliant one good ARPG with a good story and gameplay i do admit it looks dated but the game has so much going for it.greek mythology hack and slash 10/10
76561198025313558,Recommended,475150,25449411,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Shoeby,"After buying this and being super hyped for it when it first came out some 10 years ago, I had very little recollection of the game now that the TQ Anniversary Edition was released.  I was excited to go back and start playing, and see if I remember what this game was all about.The game essentially plays like Diablo 2, set in a mythological world.  I enjoy this style of game, so I'm not saying that's a negative.  You begin by picking a mastery, and you'll get a 2nd one at level 8.  The 2 in tandem make the determination as to what your character is.  Levelling is quite slow, so if you're expecting to be max level in a few days, that's just not going to happen.  Multiplayer exists, but I've not found too much reason to do it, as the monster difficulty increases quite a bit.  A few of the modern conveniences from Diablo 3 are missing, I wish I could just walk over gold to pick it up.  Loot filter is in, and that's handy, and you can press ""A"" to autoloot as you run around. You do need to keep pressing A though.  Another missing convenience is resetting skills or masteries.  You can reset skills, 1 skill at a time and with a cost.  If you choose the wrong mastery, just go ahead and make a new character.Overall, it was a great value when it was on sale upon its launch.  I whole-heartedly recommend it if you can pick it up on the cheap, I would wait on pulling the trigger if it is full price."
,Recommended,475150,25443063,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Moldavia,This game is one of the best ARPG's you could possibly play.  Whiles the graphics are dated blah blah no game is about graphics its about playability and immersion.  You make a game so beautiful your eyes hurt but if the story sucks and gameplay terrible you will not want to play it.One of the biggest problems I always had with the original release was rubberbanding.  Did not matter if it was played on platter hard drive or SSD.  What I tested on this release I got absolutely zero rubberbanding was smooth as could be.I put in hundreds of hours in the game before it was on steam and I bought it again just so I could have it digitally.  There are some nice mods for the game like Lilith and D2 which I would honestly say a disc version is better suited to mod with because when I tried to install them on steam it had a heart attack on the number of files changed lol.All in all this is an excellent update from what I have experienced and thanks to THQ Nordic for offering it free to current game holders that was a hugely awesome gesture.  Here is to hoping this release could mean a TQ 2 in the the future!! Please please please lol..This game is a great has an awesome story takes awhile to play if you want to explore.  No forced classes to abilities make your own character any way you like.  Experiement and goof around get your butt kicked in the process or do some slaughtering yourself it is all good.
,Recommended,475150,25356871,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Sikreci,"A great old ARPG just got better! The Anniversary Edition includes some much needed fixes and balance changes since the original. An extremely welcome addition is the ""game speed"" setting which greatly speeds up the frankly tedious pace of the original game to be closer to what you'd be used to from Path of Exile or Diablo 3. Furthermore, the game's difficulty has been increased somewhat, which should help improve the somewhat laughable difficulty of the original.A great buy if you've got a hankering for slaying monsters in some beautiful renditions of the ancient world. There's an absolutely staggering amount of content (although no randomly-generated environments, for better or worse), I remember my first compleitionist run of Normal difficulty back in the day took me nearly 70 hours! While you shouldn't expect the kind of multiplayer community or end-game longevity you'll find in newer ARPGs, this is a real gem of a game that's great fun solo or with friends."
,Recommended,475150,25360131,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,SAD DAD,"This game is ♥♥♥♥in fun, buy it while its $5 you wont regret it, similar to diablo 3 but more fun and satisfying when you chop down hordes of monsters"
,Recommended,475150,25361296,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,•Ol2eиJi,gg
,Recommended,475150,25363174,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,SongStory,Great game from the past re-done to be a great ARPG now. Apart from multiplayer serverbrowser issues it has everything going for it.
76561198030212218,Recommended,475150,25362249,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Mowie,"What can I say but, if you loved Titan Quest the first time around you will love it even more.Updated resolutions and stability are great and the steam cards and achievements are a great addition too!I was also able to to drop an old save game into the Anniversary Edition and it worked with no problems at all which was a pleasant bonus.If you never played TQ then the best way for me to describe it would be, a very rich Diablo-esque action role-playing game set in a world using real world mythology.Overall a great spit and polish of a very addictive street forward game.If you like the classics, you will also like this."
76561198083332985,Recommended,475150,25362470,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,China Bear,"It is simple.If you like RPG, you will love Titan Quest."
,Recommended,475150,25382175,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,GodfatherPlunger,Still a good game with great build diversity.
76561197973702645,Recommended,475150,28874676,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,razzle,10/10 Would recommend this game.
76561198051979674,Recommended,475150,25378608,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Zinon the Inconceivable,"I was 14 when I first played this game at an internet cafe in my hometown. Got made fun of for the defeaning Satyr grunts. Was wicked fun though... So three days ago, looking to spend some of my hard earned Gs and BLAM, there it is, beutiful, awesome, nostalgic and at a price of two Pita Gyros with Tzatziki. So, I thought to myself: Let's go back to a simpler age where your hair was long and your heart pure instead of geting fater.Get itPlay itThank me LaterBest RegardsMay your drops be Legendary and your critical damage immeasurable"
,Recommended,475150,27486741,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RiskOfFeed,A must-have for every ARPG-Fan!
76561198274307151,Recommended,475150,30183459,Posted: 25 February,all,Vladimirovich X,"9/10Great game, Great Storyline.The Multiplayer sometimes lag."
76561197999392383,Recommended,475150,31229960,Posted: 18 April,all,Ogre13ergO,"This a classic top down perspective point & click adventure RPG with greek gods. Character development is solid, gameplay is solid, an all around classic right up there with Loki. Worthy of anyone's library."
,Recommended,475150,31378783,Posted: 26 April,all,Shadow311982,I really like this game it reminds me of some of the older RPGs I have played before
76561198337649457,Recommended,475150,31376955,Posted: 26 April,all,Shiro,Nice improvement and thanks for the developers for bringing this epic game come to life again for all these years and also fixing the necessary details which they didn't need to bother but still meet fans expectations. This bring back good memories of all those years of playing thanks.
76561198033885684,Recommended,475150,31719790,Posted: 13 May,all,BXX. BackPain,I love this game but now I love Grim Dawn even more
76561198272081313,Not Recommended,475150,26139270,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Warmonk xD,"Short version: Slow motion, bored out of my skull.Long version: I played TQ a long time ago. I was exited when i first saw it was on Steam, so I could play again.The truth is that i got bored really fast, unlike other old games I have been playing, even when playing coop and using some cool mods available on steamworks.In comparison to other games of the genre it feels somewhat slow for me. Its not a problem of dificulty or progression, it literaly felt slow, problem I never had with any games of the kind."
76561197967643114,Recommended,475150,31873481,Posted: 20 May,all,fishnpeas,Fantastic update to a brilliant game. I can now play from the comfort of my armchair and still read the text on screen without migraines! Defintely recommended.
,Recommended,475150,31795944,Posted: 16 May,all,*BogidR*,very addictive and great time killer
76561198358763771,Recommended,475150,31797393,Posted: 16 May,all,King_Casimir,"I had this game on disc few years back and I played it for hundreds of hours, the graphics and different builds were so unique it was outstanding. When I heard there was an Anniversary edition I quickly downloaded steam and bought it. It brought back so many memories while also fixing many of the bugs. 10/10 would recommend to any one who likes open world hack and slash games."
,Recommended,475150,31817565,Posted: 18 May,all,Tornado Punch,Never even realised I got the Anniversary edition for free. Installed and tried it.10/10 would skewer a Satyr with a Very Slow attacking bow again and again.
76561198312628046,Not Recommended,475150,32195815,Posted: 5 June,all,pottsqld,"Purchased two copies to play with my son.  Very buggy for an old and patched game.  If you don't start the game partied up all the quests bug out as they are linked - so you have to restart the game from scratch.  Very frustrating.  Once that is sorted out, it's... ok."
,Recommended,475150,32198221,Posted: 5 June,all,Romi,"This game is one of the few best RPG ever made! Inspired by Diablo, this game got to have it's own style, very well crafted, excellently executed, a very true old school RPG!This one is the grand dady.You must give it a try!"
76561198037472490,Recommended,475150,32210050,Posted: 5 June,all,RoguePuzzler,"Just played it ! Great game and it looks really good. Haven't had any bugs or crashes and played it for 4 hours straight.I am running Window 10 64 bits and Amd-Ati . Looks good , they really did a nice job on the new updates."
,Recommended,475150,32208840,Posted: 5 June,all,Sorlondo,"Fun game, its old style but if you like the old types of games like diablo 2 then this game is definitely for you and you will have fun with it."
76561198043082985,Recommended,475150,30442555,Posted: 11 March,all,Bailey,"Picked up this game as a child begging my grandmother to buy it for me, i played it so much not knowing what to do but 10 years later and playing it again is a great feeling 10/10 i love this game and was glad to pick it up in this bundle for $19, would LOVE to see a brand new 2018 Titan Quest"
76561198052463354,Recommended,475150,28725246,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Turin son of Hurin,"Short to the points.-Stutters somethign awful, word is that it's due to the old engine, many people are having the same / similar issues regarding, rubber banding, lag and stutters. Which are all unbearable in an ARPG which needs precision for movement and attacks, issues listed can be fatal to characters in most issues and infuriating as you die needlessly to this issue.-Pot luck wether the engine issues crop up on your PC. Mine isn't unplayable, but has led to too many frankly stupid deaths due to stuttering gameplay.-Solid ARPG in the vein of Diablo 2 / Torchlight.  Each character can ""dual spec"" with abilities and buffes from both classes, or can purely specialise on one class for more power though lack of variety.-Graphics are decent for what it is and it's age.-Comes with the ""Immortal Throne"" DLC-All in all a pretty decent entry, if a little crippled by it's age and engine."
76561198230708828,Recommended,475150,28434444,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,EarlOfLemongrab,does not work but I will still recommend sind most of this♥♥♥♥♥♥dont work right. Wont refund it because I got it on sale. Hopefully it will be fixed one day. I will just throw it on the the big pile of games I have that are  waiting on a fix also.
,Recommended,475150,27389131,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kanshinin (かんしにん),One of the best games in the world.
76561198017050948,Recommended,475150,27427971,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dovahkin,"10 years ago my friend from highschool tell me ""I found a RPG, its amazing"". My anwer was ""Shut up i'm playing diablo 2""Then i gave it a try...10 years past and i am still trying new chars and not playing diablo 2 (no offence). In my eyes this game is one of the top 10, all time top 10."
76561198002542467,Recommended,475150,27664960,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Halo,"I remember when this came out and crashed like crazy on PCs with Realtek onboard sound cards. It's not perfect, some design aspects have aged and the maps feel overly long for no good reason but it was ahead of its time when it arrived and it plays like a charm."
76561198329094523,Recommended,475150,27663166,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,metalistas,"Great game. 5/7,"
76561198065532845,Recommended,475150,33198410,Posted: 3 July,all,Kane,Great but slow speed for people who are used to PoE.
,Recommended,475150,33240786,Posted: 4 July,all,Cheese Prime,"great game, great experience, great storyline, but the online multiplayer cause some error and laggy, 9/10"
76561198045686986,Recommended,475150,33207858,Posted: 3 July,all,Omnius79,"It's like Diablo 3 but without the noise, colour and fanfare! Can certainly see where a number of newer games in this gamestyle have borrowed from Titan Quest... and rightly so, use what works!!For me, this game is more about when/where it's set rather than it's looks.Overall, it's not perfect... but it's good and it's fun!"
,Recommended,475150,33221905,Posted: 4 July,all,☢CraTzy☢,"been playing TQ / TQIT for 9/10 year's i'm still enjoying the game even if is old it bring me any memories back to good old days , i suggest to everyone that game , well to people who like that type of gameit's just amazing if u know to mod the charachter file .. make it better and stuff like thati really enjoyed playing it .. the last time i played it i was fully moded for PvP in old good days when the game was still on a disc xD i didn't even know back then about steambut game its 10/10just buy / install /have fun killin bosses and gettin the best looting in gamethere's many armour sets .. so many ways to mode them ...so many things to do in game .. and yes  buy itsay me thanks later10/10 greatest game i'v ever played"
76561198007842882,Recommended,475150,33190506,Posted: 3 July,all,Sillyflower,"I hate to write a negative review of what seems to be an excellent game. However, when I ran into a bug (just after 2 hours into the game) that prevented me from finishing a quest, I contacted Nordic support who responded very quickly. Their response was ""Please note, that the game fully supports and plays fine only with Xbox 360/ONE controller"" plus some advice about how to deal with a controller problem.  This seems rather odd for a game they are selling on steam, and nothing on steam that  says you need/should use a controller...........I guess it probably works on PC with a controller given the game hasn't had a flood of bad reviews. I don't have, or want, a controller so I have no way of knowing.EDIT _ I have since found out on the dscussion thread (tx  Someone) that the advice from Nordic suport was totally wrong. Game is PC only! My problem was not knowing that 'A' key only picks up basic stuff. To see the rest press alt, Z or X  and then pick up with A.Game is great now ............."
76561198014522079,Recommended,475150,33274854,Posted: 5 July,all,ANGRY,"I received it as I had bought the original.Played TQ since it came out, like 11 years ago or so... Loved every moment.. Bought it since then, and after that again on Steam along with TQ IT. It deserves a another game to come along..I can't recommend it enough. On or not on promotion- WORTH. EVERY. CENT."
,Recommended,475150,33274932,Posted: 5 July,all,ohiochainsaw34,"Great game!I played this one for many, many hours years ago, solved it, and am now playing the Anniversary Edition. The biggest shocker for me was the amount of loot. Definitely spend a lot of time taking items back to town, but the developers have helped with allowing portal generation anywhere on the maps, and three different loot filtering options to stop picking up broken and worn-out goodies.The bottom line is the game has a lot of grinding through baddies and transporting goodies, but overall is a lot of fun. Also doesn't have a in-depth story line, but the Greek-themed levels are great regarding atmosphere and the mechanics of the game are solid. This was enough to get me hooked on Titan Quest again after a long siesta."
76561198105589772,Recommended,475150,33403025,Posted: 9 July,all,yanivmelamed,Best RPG I've ever played.. Sad I can't find anything similar to it.. And the familiar Greek mythology stories are a great extra that connects you to the story!
76561198333885449,Recommended,475150,33415905,Posted: 9 July,all,Electric Frankenstein,"I like this game. I really do. That being said, this game is VERY frustrating. Maybe my tastes have changed since I was younger, but I no longer want to play games that seem to drag on. This game seems longer than it needs to be. It is too repetetive to be this long, and it suffers from very severe spikes in difficulty. You will be going along hoping for a rebirth fountain, or a town so you can stop playing, but then run into hordes of enemies that are too tough to kill, and if you save and quit, all the enemies respawn, so you NEED to just trudge on through.The checkpoint system using the rebirth fountains is terrible. They are spaced out oddly, either being too many in a small area, or not enough during the longer, harder sections. It forces you to unnecessarily trek back just to die at the same section over and over. It is very annoying.All in all I do like this game. The graphics are great, the music is nice, and it plays well, other than getting stuck on the environment when moving occasionaly. The game has a TON of skills, loot, and quests. My only gripe with these things are that most loot is useless. You will use the same equipment for long stretches of the game. I will recommend this game, but you will have to deal with some tedium, and unecessary frustration."
,Not Recommended,475150,33409710,Posted: 9 July,all,LeXe,"Would be a great game if it wasnt for a game breaking bug that doesnt let you finish the game.I tried many suggested solutions, none of them worked. The Eye of Chaos just doesnt drop and you need it to continuewith the main quest.Otherwise super chill hack & slash game, very fun."
76561198001239632,Recommended,475150,33412395,Posted: 9 July,all,bluegod,One of a handful of games I can play with my dad co-op and we both enjoy. We played for a couple hours and broke the first quest because apparently you have to press P then invite to join up (after starting the game)...despite this and some bugs I noticed with targeting & movement it's worthwhile. I like to try out the different classes and exchange powerful items between my various characters.
,Recommended,475150,33392384,Posted: 8 July,all,Strawberry Milkshake,I said multiplayer was broken but now I know how to fix it so thanks
76561198037530431,Recommended,475150,33420943,Posted: 9 July,all,gmcquade2,"Oh my gosh, this game is amazing! Once I started it, I couldn't stop. The journey all over the world is fascinating. My favorite part of this game was when I killed big quest monsters, like a Telkine or the final monster, Typhon. The possibilities are endless for how you develop your character. You can choose different skill types - are you more focused on your attack skills, for example, or your magical abilities? You can find and equip beautiful armor and weapons. As you level up, you can apply points to improve all aspects of your character, from their intelligence to their strength.Titan Quest isn't an easy game, I'll say that. You can't finish it in a day, because the main quest doesn't end when you've defeated the Telkine in Greece, or the one in Egypt. You have to make it all the way to Asia and then to Olympus, and then you have to defeat the game's hardest monster yet, Typhon. It took me days to figure out a strategy to kill Typhon without dying myself for the hundreth time, it seemed like. I had to use all the scrolls (spells) I could and keep hammering the monster with a hit-and-run technique until he finally died.Despite it's length and difficulty, Titan Quest will keep you intrigued. I never got bored of the beautiful graphics and creative quests. You are free to explore the world and discover new places and creatures. This is truly an amazing game that I recommend to anyone interested in an action-filled strategy/RPG game."
,Recommended,475150,30473806,Posted: 12 March,all,John Wick,My childhood game :) i wish i could play in online spartan world
,Recommended,475150,33599752,Posted: 16 July,all,FoxClubNiner,Great ARPG. This game is super long with lots of varied environments. Doesn't show it's age either. Play it.
,Recommended,475150,32414036,Posted: 14 June,all,KonadorAuchindoun,"Love this game. I have about 300 hours on the CD's until the games unique feeling came back to me, as I've been thinking about it for awhile now. What I love the most about this game is obviously the whole spartan theme, plus how armor and weapons just fall off of enemy, which is something I haven't quite seen in a game at all. Also the whole Asia theme is really rememberable with beautiful landscapes, especially for such an old game, it really was quite the eye-catcher. Can't wait to try out this remastered and fixed title, for I'm sure it will be awesome ahaha."
76561198134926828,Recommended,475150,32307418,Posted: 9 June,all,Snowdog,Great game. Fill that ARPG itch. Lots of stuff to do. Has aged extremely well. Better than most modern ARPG's imho.
,Recommended,475150,32617440,Posted: 21 June,all,InterDimensionalOwl,"Greart game, I highly recommend if you game on Windows OS. The game runs very well on my modest aging laptop. The publishers and/or developers should be commended for the way they handled the release of the Anniversary Edition in regards to owners of the original game on the Steam client.My prefered OS isn't supported so I no longer play the game for this reason only. I switched to GNU Linux and found the game not to be supported. Searching the forums I found people asking for Mac and Linux support, so far I didn't see any official response."
76561197995300688,Recommended,475150,32668997,Posted: 23 June,all,GAMMABOY88,Oh how this game brings back memories
76561198127708107,Recommended,475150,32882687,Posted: 27 June,all,Eemian,"Nice old school hack 'n' slash rpg, and fun with mythological setting."
,Recommended,475150,32905147,Posted: 27 June,all,Kwa PoE™,Nice game
76561198024612376,Recommended,475150,32921304,Posted: 28 June,all,Grizzly,8.5/10
76561198145823291,Recommended,475150,32915889,Posted: 27 June,all,start//end,Good
,Recommended,475150,27268204,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,c0llman,"This game is so timeless, I don't even know. I've had like 200+ hours played, because I bought it the same day it came out and boy was I glad I did. This is a nice substitute for Diablo, from which I got scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ when I was little. No matter how much time passes, I still come back to this gem."
76561197970553824,Recommended,475150,32931974,Posted: 28 June,all,Vixol,Nice game
,Recommended,475150,32958735,Posted: 28 June,all,MiCHU,11/10 Would play again !
,Recommended,475150,32650105,Posted: 22 June,all,Toporica! Jjtw.,Oldschoold RPG
76561197970600011,Recommended,475150,29128331,Posted: 8 January,all,Double X,"I have over 100+ hours on the TQ;IT. This is game great, if you like Diablo 2 you will like this game as well."
,Recommended,475150,29069164,Posted: 6 January,all,Kebtiz,"There are many great and interesting things about this game.  The most important feature for me is the dual -class build system, it allows for a large number of combinations and gameplay variety.  However, the classes are high unbalanced, some being borderline useless at certain stages of the game and others fairly universally powerful (I don't think anything can come close to completing with Hunting dps, the way pierce modifiers work makes this tree quite OP).The background systems and mechanics also leave much to be desired, I've had this game for about 10 years, owning all versions, Original disc, disc IT, steam original, steam IT, and anniversary.  And over the span of time that I've had them, I have never found a device that this game ran well on.  As it stands now with my current machine, I can run on max graphics and everything is nice and smooth, but occasionally (most often when changing from above ground to tunnel or vice versa) it will just freeze for a second or so, enemies seem to freeze as well, so there is no danger resulting from it, it is just an inconvenience."
76561198041420411,Recommended,475150,32306716,Posted: 9 June,all,Glenjamin,this game is fun hours of fun but the end boss seems nearly impossible....at least as a melee and honestly the game punishes you for playing pure melee  every 10 feet you run into something youre supposed to run away from and shoot at a distance or use some ranged skill....which is garbage for the type of game it is. but this game is amazing id recommend it despite its faults.
76561198257119194,Recommended,475150,29113909,Posted: 8 January,all,AstrAy,a BiG BiG ARPG..
76561198036061187,Recommended,475150,32356306,Posted: 11 June,all,Sir EEKS the 1st,"This game is AMAZINGLY AWESOME!!First and foremost, I would like to start off by saying that if you don't like Diablo clones, just walk away...homeboy. I for one, actually love this more than Diablo. There is a lot to do in this game. Although at times this game may seem like your grinding your way through trash, but I assure you, this game has a rewarding feeling and the game itself just gets better as you move through the story. The background story is to save Greece, very cool visually in my opinion, and the weapons/armor are very well done. There's a lot you can do to increase your damage, defense, including choosing a character build. There's CO OP, single player, and multiplayer with this game. I'm not sure what the multiplayer delivers, so apologies, I can't help explain what it's like. Don't forget too, YOU WILL DIE... a lot! Let's put it this way, don't kite a bunch trash at once unless you have a spell up or your gear enchanted. Other than that! This game is the Glory of Glories!8/10. IF you buy this when it's not on sale, it will still be a good price because this game is worth every penny for sure! Also I might add with almost 50 hrs logged for this game, I've barely scratched the surface!"
76561198013271434,Recommended,475150,33698762,Posted: 21 July,all,Hurryheathen,"A great game with lots of different play styles.  There is a duel class system which adds to replayability.  I have over 400 hours off of CD play before Steam was around.  A fun Daiblo type game, especially if you can pick up on sale.THQ Nordic patched the game fixing alot of bugs.8/10"
76561198007285518,Recommended,475150,32247412,Posted: 7 June,all,Mint Berry Crunch,"Those craving something new and tired of diablo 3, give this a try. Interface is easy and the story is great. This game is a cross between sacred and diablo to be specific."
,Recommended,475150,33891679,Posted: 29 July,all,Shamr0x,"This is a great co-op game to play with friends. The new graphics are enough to make it feel like a new game. Everyone starts as a basic Roman warrior and you build your character as you go. Wizard, Warrior, Healer, Necromancer, so many different builds! 10/10 would give you the wrong information so you buy this and try it."
,Recommended,475150,33888722,Posted: 29 July,all,Subtility,"Best RPG combine Diablo and Word of Warcraft nice mix, nice gameplay and story line is perfect"
,Recommended,475150,31280061,Posted: 21 April,all,NotSoFamous,"Brilliant game. Bought a dvd version before but had to buy this aswell.-Grapchics don't feel outdated, even when playing in 2017. Nice scenery-Mastery tree is well done.-High replayability (Finished the campaign on 7 different characters).-Nice amoun of variation of weapons and armour.-Long storyline with interesting bosses and creatures.-Dlc Already included which adds an extra act which is the size of 1/3 of the original game.10/10 Would buy for the third time."
76561198095346209,Recommended,475150,27624781,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cyborg hellcase.com,The graphics isnt the best but hey its a old game but even so after all these years i still love playing this game.i would recommend everyone who like RPG games buy this
76561197995656590,Recommended,475150,33859676,Posted: 28 July,all,Ignite,"Back when about 10 years ago. When Company of Heroes is a talk of the town and Horse Armor DLC for Oblivion have yet to existed, I've heard quite a fuss about a game name Titan Quest, Where may critique back then praised to be best RPG games ever. So about 9 years later when the ""Update"" version appear, I'm quite very intrigue myself to see what's this game really like. And after 2 hours of grinding, Here's my thought.Pro+ Graphic look qutie a bit old, But with update on texture and some shading, The game can hold itself very well on this aspect.+ Soundtrack is good nothing so special much. (You want to know my favorite ost? Try Larian's Games Ost, Those are my favorite)+ The Skill tree and Master skill system is not boring and can be quite entertained on grinding+ The design of world was masterfully well done. So many Greek Heroes and Legendary figured in this game.+ Enemies design are quite varie in number.+ Never got tired to see enemies fly around from such a magnificent ragdolls system.Con- Grinding, So much, Too many Grinding-  No Dialogue option for your protagonist (or avatar), I know that I may have been spoiled rotten by ""Dialogue choice"" on many RPG game. But really, How can I really ""RPG"" if I do not have a choice to refuse a quest just because I dislike quest giver? or what if I want to haggle for more better reward?-  Combat was....Boring to me. All I do was only clicking on enemies, hold attack until it die, Then proceed on to next enemies over and over again.- The story is ......Where's it again? Aside from grand openning, There are nothing epic happen at all, I have to kill this, Kill that, Gather this, Gather that. Boring.ConclusionIf you really really asked for my truest honest opinion. I wouldn't recommended this game.....Well in a least, not if you looking for a story driven kind of RPG where your decision matter or anything like that. Titan Quest at its best was a Hack and Slash RPG where you mash your mouse button until either your enemies or your finger bleed to death. And on that very aspect Titan quest is really indeed done a best job on that. And the game  by far had no fault on technical issues or such. So yes, If you looking for hack slash RPG where you doesn't care to insert yourself into the game world much, Titan Quest is a game for you.Ps."
,Recommended,475150,33789661,Posted: 25 July,all,Boxy,"It's pretty fun. It's pretty much an average hack & slash - kill stuff and get loot. Overall solid game. Would recommend, especially if on sale"
,Recommended,475150,29849204,Posted: 11 February,all,Lofen,"The game is quite slow and not really ""flashy"" enough by todays standard but the gameplay is still quite fun and the class customization options are quite impressive - a total of 81 different combinations! This game is quite expensive (20€) for such an old game and supports up to 6 player coop so I would recommend buying it on sale together with some friends."
,Recommended,475150,33787203,Posted: 25 July,all,pikg!,"Perhaps not the first action isometric RPG one thinks of, and maybe not the all time best. But, it is quite excellent and as accessible, interesting, and fun as any of them.It's a very, very good game.However, it's my discovery, my hidden gem, and you can't have it."
,Recommended,475150,33787522,Posted: 25 July,all,Jizzy J,"Totally worth it, even after all these years. Easily have more then 200h is you count the hours i played it without steam."
,Recommended,475150,33931266,Posted: 31 July,all,Rakvagabond,คุ้มกับราคาตอนลด รำลึกเกมที่เล่นสมัยก่อน กราฟฟิคยังสวยงาม
,Recommended,475150,34083421,Posted: 7 August,all,N A Y N !,"I've played this game on my Uncle's PC WAY WAY BACK when i was still in elementary!I've long forgotten what the game's title is.. but as SOON i saw a glimpse of its In-game Screenshots on Steam SALE, It was an immediate BUY for me.. THANKS For Remaking this AWESOME Game THQ!"
76561198065596449,Recommended,475150,34090808,Posted: 7 August,all,VonSelle,"So much fun - great level design, loot & story!"
76561198065092920,Recommended,475150,34116930,Posted: 8 August,all,Babushka,plz fix some issues with doors being lock all the time in Chang'an
76561197982989481,Recommended,475150,34125123,Posted: 9 August,all,Addicted to Sadness,classic hack and slash rpg action and one of the best ot its kind
76561198144711098,Recommended,475150,34312581,Posted: 17 August,all,᠌ ᠌,great!
76561198316569465,Recommended,475150,25778271,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,AnotherEnder,Fun and even more fun when played with friends
,Recommended,475150,34173809,Posted: 11 August,all,julitros,"At the beginning is gets a bit tedious, but once you get used to it and grasp the skill system, it gets really enjoyable an addicting. It's a difficult game, even in normal difficulty. You need to spend your skills and attributes points very carefully, and seek better equipment all the time if you want to get through, as Diablo 2 used to be, and Grim Dawn is right now.Also some battles are really imbalanced, and better set aside for later (ie Polyphemus, or the guardian just before Immortal Throne's last boss). Final boss of the normal game is REALLY difficult. I was a Ranger (Hunt/Nature) and had to cheat my way through it (don't mind being honest), since I was level 32 when facing it and everywhere I read I needed to be 38 or so to stand a chance, so I said no way.Once you get past the first 2 chapters, the game becomes more fun and varied (greece and egypt are so typical!). The expansion is great, the narrative is much much better than the original game and the areas are big, beautiful and really fun to play. It really pays off to get that far.What surprised me the most is HOW MUCH Diablo 3 was inspired from this game in terms of story arc, the final bosses settings, some of the art, and backgrounds, that is just a bit shameful.If you want to grind through enemies and farm go D3. TQ is a bit more lacking in arts and looks, but more challenging. Depends on what you prefer :)"
76561198054765477,Recommended,475150,34241197,Posted: 14 August,all,pepipapa100,"Basically a really awesome game..however..how the hell is possible to be able to crash and make my computer crash as well..alt-tabbing and going back, sometimes gives a black screeen (ultra rarely, but happens..) and then that`s it...restart...impossible to kill the program or switch out to somewhere else..."
76561198015234029,Recommended,475150,34259895,Posted: 15 August,all,Just a Monkey On Some Bars,"Great game if you like loot heavy dungeon crawlers. My nostalgia may blind me a little, but i love this game, and cant wait to beat over, and over, and over again."
76561198109187031,Recommended,475150,34268862,Posted: 15 August,all,fuckhead,Level 14 now but game seems to be a bit slow otherwise it is ok
,Recommended,475150,34282028,Posted: 16 August,all,"Pew, pew, Barney McGrew","The game that Diablo III wanted to be when it came out. Oh, and thanks for this free updated version :)"
76561198277633596,Recommended,475150,34271916,Posted: 16 August,all,guilfoylevegguilveg,This game is the best game  I have ever played. Thank you to the creators  and ect. and ect. How do I enter the next  portal in Egypt.     Please help.
76561197989758447,Recommended,475150,28176352,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Barcheil,"Titan Quest, a really great example of this style of game with enourmous depth, never played right through to the end, it takes so long, even with largely linear maps, that still provide lots of exploration.Kind of killed the diablo series for me, sort of get filled up on this style of gameplay and Titan Quest is sufficiently better than Diablo, that I tend to reach for it first.Many, many hours of gameplay to be had for a reasonable price."
,Recommended,475150,34325271,Posted: 18 August,all,Balage,Diablo goes to Greece.
76561198021914146,Recommended,475150,34181510,Posted: 11 August,all,Vitamin Pixel,"Recommend: Yes, for fans of ARPGs set in a mythological setting, that have the patience to put 50+ hours into a single playthrough.What I Played: spent 57 hours to complete the main campaign--and all side quests--on Normal difficulty; unlocked 24/76 achievements; did not get a chance to try multiplayerSimiliar games: Diablo, Torchlight II, Grim Dawn, Path of Exile, Age of MythologyI picked up the original Titan Quest at a thrift store several years ago. I managed to play for a couple of hours and then put it down, never to pick up that version of the game again. Enter the Anniversary Edition: I had just finished Torchlight II and was still in the mood for a good ARPG, I played a bit in new game + mode in TL II but wanted to try another title in the genre, so I thought I'd give the updated Anniversary Edition a try--It was a good but time-consuming idea! For the first time in quite a while, I played Titan Quest almost exclusively and near daily.I'm not sure what it is that makes the ARPG genre work but Titan Quest Anniversary Edition managed to entrance me for 57 hours of fighting, looting, leveling, exploring, selling, and upgrading. The four acts that the game is segmented into helps break up some of the monotony of the routine; Greece, Egypt, the Orient, Olympus, and Hades are different enough that each act almost feels like a different game. The way that the expansion, Immortal Throne, is added seamlessly to the game and doesn't cost extra is an added bonus, to an already generous sized game.The graphics of Anniversary Edition look lovely and it is nice to be able to play this classic in 1440p @ 60 fps. The music, ambient sounds, and monster sounds are good enough to increase immersion and pull you in for long play sessions; the voice acting is hit or miss, though. The gameplay seems very similiar to other ARPGs but one thing that did stand out is the quality of the animations. I could see someone sinking in 150+ hours, playing through each difficulty level, unlocking achievements, and trying to level their character as much as possible.TL;DR: the spiritual predecessor to Grim Dawn; a long, interesting ARPG, for people that want a game that lasts more than 6-8 hours, and enjoy mythology & settings beside dark dungeons."
76561198207514147,Recommended,475150,34325934,Posted: 18 August,all,\*/ Poi$on ! Ivy \*/,Awesome Game!
,Recommended,475150,34715488,Posted: 3 September,all,trelian5,"Thank you for doing this. This game was my childhood, and seeing attention given to it is amazing."
76561198067733192,Recommended,475150,34669532,Posted: 1 September,all,jibba,"one of my fav d2 clones of all time, including d3 lol"
,Recommended,475150,34682531,Posted: 2 September,all,マーティン,"Wanna play game like diablo but not diablo ? This is a game for you ! Great classic story , huge replay value. Overall great game , and would recommend it to anyone !"
,Recommended,475150,34738156,Posted: 4 September,all,Sonny_CFarmskins.comcsgokingdom,This game is awesome omg I love it mythologi ^_^ egypt greec Zeus powers great loot sistem. U can have pets too.. perfect 9.5/10 maybe this -0.5 for graphic
,Recommended,475150,34741320,Posted: 4 September,all,nik,"Please note -- This is COOP only review- Played for the first time in 2017, it is a 10 year old game.Pros:-- Good game for Co-op (I would defintely get bored in single player)- Still supported well by the devs :)- Good easy intuitive trading/sharing of loot by party members. You won't run out of money if you manage inventory and support each other well- Lots of character hybrid possiblilites.- You can buy an item, check out whether it is useful for you and sell it back without losing money. Just DON'T close the shop window. A big help!- Keys can be rebound easily to any config you like- Superb MUSIC!Cons:-- There isn't enough explanation about certain basics, such as loot drops one has to hit 'Alt' key otherwise we kept thinking that there is no looting in this game at first for 2 hrs or so.- The loot drop names get in the way of combat when hitting mulitple enemy hordes, you tend to click on the loot instead of the boss or enemies. Hitting 'Alt' key may not be possible during frantic combat.- The scrolls are far too costly and useless for one time use. Only useful for making new items"
,Recommended,475150,34611020,Posted: 30 August,all,Kulreaver,"Titan Quest is an excellent game. The graphics, sounds, and story fit well together. As an RPG, you kill monsters, level up, and loot to upgrade your gear so you can fight stronger foes. Similar to Diablo 2, this game engages you well with an immersive story and streamlined gameplay. I would recommend this to anyone who loves RPGs."
,Recommended,475150,34661062,Posted: 1 September,all,saz,fun game.will return to it again some day.
76561197971466246,Recommended,475150,34640677,Posted: 31 August,all,dragonikSC,liked it
76561198138295507,Recommended,475150,35196408,Posted: 24 September,all,Kwagga,"Played it for about 5 minutes and right off the bat I realized items weren't dropping but no name appears above the items. Even trying to click these items does not pick it up. So basically I am stuck to play the game with no equipment or potions unless I buy from the shop with m 500 gold, but I can't even pick up the gold the mobs drop. Thus I requested a refund cause the game will be pointless. I know it's a good game. But this bug breaks it totally. Unhappy about this.Edit: I was an idiot. xD  Fun to play thanks to the help of you guys."
,Recommended,475150,35417547,Posted: 2 October,all,ReturnOfTheN00b,Best action ARPG
,Recommended,475150,35420629,Posted: 2 October,all,Nadeshiko,"Great game overall, I love the theme based on real-life cultureA few downsides, it's an old game so that's OK."
76561198039741467,Recommended,475150,35416251,Posted: 2 October,all,Ant,"Ever wanted to hack and slash your way through the ancient world, comminting mass satyr genocide?! Well this is the game for you! One of the single best hack and slash games ever made, with an awesome leveling system, great loot and is very aesthetically pleasing.Add the xmax mod and enjoy creating a blanket of corpses (some yours) from the steps of Sparta to the ragequit worthy forests of China.10/10"
