user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197980238865,Not Recommended,475490,24532498,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Blarghalt,"Take it from someone who's played this all the way through: do not buy this game, even as a joke.It violates almost every rule of storytelling and player agency that exists.For starters, the game itself is built on a shaky foundation. For reasons that completely elude me, the dev chose to make a visual novel with the RPG Maker engine, something it's not very suited for. The game itself is entirely uncompressed, making it a space hog, made even worse because a huge chunk of the game's resources are *default RPG Maker* files.Being built in the RPG Maker engine, it also has other leftovers that bleed in through the, and I use this term loosely, gameplay. The biggest issue is that the save function is busted. That's right. You can make dialogue go by pressing one of several buttons, but if you save your game with anything other than the Enter key, it doesn't record, even though it makes the noise. You're not told this, and don't find out until you try to continue the game later.I also found out that several other functions from the RPG Maker are mysteriously still in the game, such as the options to always dash even though you never go to any sort of overworld, and the fact that a stat menu can pop up between dialogue if you press a certain button. This is also never used, since you never have any battles.Since this is a visual novel, art is also an important part of the game's quality, and also another area in which it falls flat. While the character art somewhat decent, it's hampered by the fact that almost every character only has two images: one when they greet you, and one that they use from then on out. On top of being repetitive, it creates situations where a character's image is totally the opposite of how they're acting. For example: there's a character that's always sticking his tongue out in a playful manner, and there's one instance where he's described as crying with that same image; the whole thing just comes off as weird. Every character also uses this really odd pose for their “intro” picture, and it's very easy to notice.Backgrounds are just images with a blur filter.So after describing this game's technical problems and its art, we're left with what really makes up the meat of a visual novel: the writing. It is very difficult to describe just how truly awful the writing is to somebody who hasn't played this game, but I will do my best.First off, most if not all the characters have any kind of voice. They all sound pretty much the same, save some terrible “gimmick” that would distinguish them, such as one character constantly asking you about his dead mother. At several points, characters show opposite traits they're described in the game as having. For example: one character being described as being “smart” and “well-spoken” when *in the same scene* he's obviously awkwardly weird and unable to solve basic math problems. Everyone in the game is laughably incompetent at their jobs, even when the game tries to claim they're professionals, and the player character is just profoundly stupid. There's also many, many instances where characters do things that make no sense, would normally get them arrested, or would instantly make everyone think they were crazy.The writing itself is a slog to read, and spends paragraphs doing what could be said in a few sentences.  Things that were explained half an hour ago are re-explained, and if you play this all the way through, there's one point where the *entire game* is recapped up to that point. There are typos everywhere, wrong use of words, and wooden dialogue from start to finish.Not only that, but the game switches scenes constantly, and this might be its biggest sin. You're constantly shown what's going on in every fact of the game, even ones that are completely pointless. But the worst is how you literally see characters discussing plot twists before they happen to you, completely taking out *any* kind of suspense Major/Minor hopes to give the player.The game also, at several points, either retcons something that happened earlier, or just straight-up admits previous information was a lie. And even though some things are over-explained, there's others that are either poorly explained or not at all.And finally, there's the choices that Major/Minor advertises itself as being central to the narrative.I can tell you, right now, that absolutely every one feels meaningless. They never seem to have any kind of consequence beyond a text box in the top left corner telling you it was the right choice or not. Not only that, but the game's written in such a way that makes it so many choices means the same thing happening either way, and the ones that aren't that only result in dialogue with a different person.There's one exception to this, but because of the aforementioned poor writing, is a hard choice if only because you don't care what happens to either character.There's music, but it's very forgettable.Major/Minor is a terrible game from top to bottom. Shoddy programming, bad use of art, bland music, and some really truly awful writing just puts the whole thing in a league of its own. I haven't even mentioned that one of the most “important” characters in the game is the developer's own fursona, but I'll skip that since he seems to have a nasty habit of flagging negative reviews for being “abusive”. Whatever score this game has at the time of this review, believe me, it is a lie.Avoid Major/Minor at any cost. It has no soul, no care, no signs that it's anything other than an ego stroke with a price of admission."
,Not Recommended,475490,23086907,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Olipie,"I've had experiences with both the original and this new version of the game, writing this review on the release the game is still somewhat of a mess, the lines used in the screenshots and description are misleadingly selected and quite untrue upon experiencing the game. So far the changes made seem to make the story even more of an all over the place mess and some of the backgrounds being used now are very unfitting and silly (First scene on the subway for example, giant chairs?).This game does have a rather nice soundtrack, character art and it is not unenjoyable if you don't try to take it to seriously, if you are deadset on playing the game I would advise doing it with a group of friends, each reading a character as I have done this in the past and it made the game a whole lot more fun. And I have to give credit to the developer for making this version of the game free to those who own the base game.To sum up, it's not really a good game, but it's not godawful either in my opinion.If you are walking into this game wanting an idea of what the furry fandom is or to learn about furry culture this game gives absolutely no experience of those topics, it is simply a story that takes place using fursonas belonging to members of the furry fandom.I don't want to start any drama, buy the game, don't buy the game, it's up to you, but to me it is still a rather bad game on it's own, and I wouldn't recommend buying it at this point in time, but who knows? It's still in early access after all, and the developer really does seem to be listening to fans. For better or for worse."
,Not Recommended,475490,23227203,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,ghostnorrix is a good player,i dont really like this all too much-it's in rpg maker and not some engine made 100% for visual novels (some of which are free)-the most of the music makes my ear♥♥♥♥♥♥look tame-most of the characters are more shallow than your average stream in the woods-story is about as edgy as the fourth graders in the back of the school bus
76561198000561257,Not Recommended,475490,23110149,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Evnatia - The Mute Cynic,"Early Access Watcher Reviews Major / Minor - Definitive Edition (EA)Update Version: Initial EA releaseDisclosure: This game copy was bought by the reviewer.Disclaimer: As of right now there are two products on the market with this content, but no clear explanation for it. The developer has stated on the discussion board he has a explanation for this and will have it posted in the near future.Special Note Edit: I had stated in the previous version of this review that crashes were a concern. On inspection it was a faulty download on either Steam's part or a faulty install to the drive on my end. I let the game run and retested the parts the game crashed at and have not had an issue since.I will take the opportunity to use my introduction paragraph as a disclaimer for what I hope the reader to expect in the coming review. I am no way affiliated with the anthropomorphic community nor do I understand the terminology used by them on a daily-basis. I am not knowledgeable in the least about what a fursona is or the stereotypes used by them, but I do understand the usage of a stereotype and the tropes established by them. This review will not focus on the insertion of the real people apparently using these characters in everyday life or of the scandal I researched that took place with the original release which I have not played. All I plan to do with this review is determine from the bugs, cliches and story structure if it is a recommended product to pick up at the current interval at the current asking price. That said, I will begin with the most important issue: artwork.Visual novels are usually known for their wide variety of artwork and character models, but in this case the art was left at the curve. Backgrounds are slightly faded pictures of random locations while character models are stuck with one pose (two if you count switching the facing direction). The only person who had more than one pose was named Eclair, a cafe maid feline you meet along one of the branching paths. This would have made it very difficult to follow dialog, but thankfully a character portrait is placed next to the text box to designate who was speaking. The actual artwork was decent, but I will say some of the designs left me trying to figure out the gender of a certain character. This is not a fault or a pro, it is just a little observation. The music was rather pleasant, so I do commend the audio wizards for that.One factor I will consider a fault is the off the wall pacing and stereotypical characters. The story was not hard to understand, thanks to very minimal spelling errors and grammar issues, but the structure was throwing out random monologues in one direction and character backstory in another. You have the main conflict discussed, but some elements are introduced and fall of the face of the earth to never be discussed again. It would not be an issue if the characters were not so stereotypically written. Each character has a forced cliche approach, which feels stale and plain boring to read when the dialog comes from such sterile personalities. I felt the urge to skip most of the character monologues on several occasions just for this reason alone.The branching paths determined by dialog selections does have an impact in certain situations. Two of the choices very early in the game will allow you to meet a certain character while others will open additional character arcs for the reader to experience. Thankfully, the game provides very ample opportunities to save, even if the amount of available save slots is restricted to 20 right now. Actual outcomes are up for interpretation. I played through the game three times to try and get an idea of how different the outcomes can be, only to discover the story follows the same general direction. The people who die are still the same and the events that you are involved with are still the same. Maybe it will change once the rest of the story is released, but for now it is really is just a cosmetic feature.As I mentioned in the opening paragraph, this is not a judge of the actual story of the elements surrounding the content (except for the stereotyping). Most of the problems stem from a disjointed flow. It took me about 2 hours to get through the first playthrough and four hours total play time with all three playthroughs. For the price, I would say it is a little light. This will hopefully change down the line, but at this point I cannot recommend the product. As per my policy, I will return to this visual novel sometime in the future to reevaluate it and hopefully change my initial opinion.Pros- Spelling and grammar is up to par- Soundtrack was decentCons- Stereotypical characters- Very erratic and out of tone pacing- 2 hours to get through a play through"
76561198054212119,Not Recommended,475490,31332824,Posted: 23 April,all,Lobo Estepario,"This is by far one of the worst visual novel I ever played. I don't know why has so many ""positive"" reviews when is clearly not a good one. So let me explain why I think this.I start with a personal conffesion, I was browsing for any ""furry videogames"" and I found this game, I do enjoy some visual novel because I like simplicity some times, but I do also enjoy a good story wich this game does not have. Then my first point:The Story:Jumps between ""worlds"", introduce many many characters with no explanations and most of the time you dont even interact with them, they are literally tons of dialoge on wich only the NPC's interact alone with other NPC's, being a visual novel you miss the point, because it's need to be you being involved in those situations and then make decisions to change the courses of events.My second point, the choices:You have barely about 20-20 ""decisions"" in all the whole game. Again hundreds of text to read but less than nothing real interaction with the characters.My third point, the false advertising:In the same trailer of the game you can read ""manipulate reality"", ""nurture friendship"", ""date"" and ""send/recieve text messages"". None of then are in the game, if by nurture the friendship between 2 character you mean make 2 or 3 choices I can say that I would expect more than that. You can't date the characters and also you cant send text message. This is really disapointing becuase create expectations about the game and these features are clearly not present.Final words:I am consider myself a furry but also a gamer, I do want to support the furry comunity but I cant condone when is clearly a scam, poorly backgrounds and even mistakes in the character desing (Eclair have two left hands in some scenes), this it's not even a visual novel in my opinion. One of the worst experiences that I have the mispleasure to play."
,Not Recommended,475490,29345583,Posted: 18 January,all,Sensei-tional,"Want to know why this game sucks? No, it's not because it involves Furries.~Reasons this Game wasted 6 hours of my f*cking life and why I hate it~Also spoilers.( Problem 1, slow the f*ck down. ):So the game seems okay enough, name your dude or dudette, jump into the story, strange otherwordly bullsh*t, cool, whatever, a bit confusing but most all Visual Novels or Animes or Mangas or whatever explain things to you eventually, and almost always in a way that THE VIEWER/PLAYER CAN COMPREHEND AND DECIPHER IN MANAGEABLE BITES. I go from being on a stupid friggin' train headed to Tokyo, to being in a nebulous void, to back on the train.. Okay, that's fine, we're still in manageable territory, I follow you. NOPE. Get off the train and suddenly the player is now a f*cking fly on the wall in a medieval.. town hall courthouse thing on a medieval planet or some sh*t, listening in on a meeting with a benevolent Donald Trump disguised as an anthropomorphic Tiger who's complaining about immigration to ""Terra"".Problem within problem 1, 1: WHO THE F*CK ARE THESE PEOPLE?Problem within problem 1, 2: WHAT THE F*CK AM I DOING HERE?Problem within problem 1, 3: WHEN THE F*CK DID THIS HAPPEN?Problem within problem 1, 4: WHERE THE F*CK AM I?Problem within problem 1, 5: WHY THE F*CK DID YOU TELL ME THINGS THAT WILL OBVIOUSLY IMPAIR MY ABILITY TO MAKE AN UNBIASED DECISION ON MATTERS LATER IN THE STORY THAT I SHOULD HAVE GONE INTO WITH ONLY THE INFORMATION I WOULD HAVE RIGHTFULLY ATTAINED THROUGH MY CHARACTER'S OWN EXPERIENCES?!Like seriously what the f*ck are you thinking?! Do you have any idea how badly that rips the player out of the experience? Why should I give a f*ck about the story you're presenting to me if your idea of presenting is throwing as much information at me as possible with little to no warning or appropriate segue? It felt as if the writer was just so enamoured with their own ideas and story that they rushed to heap all the bits they deemed absolutely necessary to know right out of the gate on the player. But then, imagine how much longer the game would have been if he actually bothered to format the storyboard more smoothely? Quality over Quantity.Y'know what, it ain't worth it. I just deleted like, two paragraphs worth of ranting. Absolutely valid ranting, but it doesn't matter whether it was valid, or utter bullsh*t anyway. The people who are going to read this are;A: Furries who love all things Furry and if you speak ill of anything Furry you will be crucified.B: A Furry who isn't cancerous who approaches this game as a consumer, without bias.C: Someone who hates Furries and anything involved with Furries.D: Someone who doesn't give a sh*t either way and bought this while drunk or high.E: (Courtesy of HotSpot): People who know the game is most likely going to be bad, and enjoy reading the funny and/or angry reviews people leave.I'll either be praised, or persecuted regardless so why bother listing off more points? Anybody who comes to this game will have a pre-determined mindset, I ain't gonna' win anyone over, so f*ck it xD. I dislike the game, it wasted 6 hours of my life telling a story which was so convoluted that by the end I was actually groaning aloud whenever I thought it was over and another scene would start.Oh, and the end screen sucks too. Ever wanted a visual novel to give you unskippable credits that are basically ""ORIGINAL CHARACTER DO NOT STEAL"" repeated a dozen times, and then have ""FIN"" fade in, and then just stay there? Mash any button or key you want, you're stuck, better tab out to shut the stupid game off, and while you're at it, just uninstall the damned thing and ask Steam to remove it from your account. Yeah, guess that's why this crap was so long, so you couldn't get a refund within the 1-2 hour play time limit Steam allows for refunds because god knows this game wouldn't earn it's pay through any legitimate means, like not sucking."
,Not Recommended,475490,30348711,Posted: 5 March,all,Kuma,"I feel like if these characters weren't furries then people would recognize that this is a generic, stale, poor excuse for a ""game"" (fanfiction with a slideshow). The characters are bland, the main character is kind of a♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's got some seriously biased political undertones, and the diologue is just so incredibly painful to read. To be honest, I bought this souly because I thought ""a furry text based game on steam? That's gotta be interesting!"" and I was wrong.It's not interesting at all. It's annoying, it's boring, and if you end up liking a character: guess what? Don't expect that you can get with them or anything. So a little fun trivia about this game: did you know that a good majority of the game centers around the creator's fursona? Yes, and a lot of the other ones are his friends' fursonas. He basically made a fanfic for him and his friends, and sold it to you $20. It's not worth it, this is not a ""highly engaging visual novel"", your choices are very limited.Don't give this arogant♥♥♥♥♥♥your money."
76561198084282109,Not Recommended,475490,31596280,Posted: 6 May,all,Chiaro-Scuro,"I'm going to preface this by saying I don't outright hate this game. The reason I get so angry below is because it had so many good things going for it, so many clever little moments that I loved, and then just ended up being, in my opinion, a lot of wasted potential.Okay ... so the description of the game straight up tells you that this game was heavily inspired by persona, of which I am a huge fan, and I've always had a soft spot in my heart for games with talking animals. This game should have been a match made in heaven for me, and for a little while, it was. This game starts off just fine. Conceptually, I loved it. The switching between two worlds, entire universe hanging in the balance, characters are likable enough and I wanted to know more about their backstory (something that I truly regretted thinking for reasons I'll explain later). All of these elements were VERY Persona esque and it's enough to sucker a fan of the series in.DON'T YOU ♥♥♥♥ING DO IT!!!See, one of the great things about the persona series is that it's pacing is near flawless. Never once does it make you feel like you're wasting time, and never once does it feel like you're being rushed through the story. It knows how to handle time very well, as you spend a full year with new friends, family, and ocassionally working to save the world. This game takes pacing, strangles it, spits on its face, and then glues a fursuit on it for good measure. While it has multiple chapters, it is essentially split into two halves. Act 1 being set-up, and interesting set-up at that, but then you enter Act 2. When you enter act 2 of the story, you think that this is a game that could have like...6 or 7 acts with how much it sets up at the beginning, the game taking place over like ... a month, I mean, hell, it took them until chapter two for the game to even ask you what you want your gender to be, that's like if professor oak caught up with you after your first gym bage just to ask you if you're a boy or a girl ... this is not the case though.Instead of pacing the story out and learning about characters and events in a way that feels natural to you, Act 2 is an endless wall of exposition, being passed from character to character, explanation to explanation. I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not, there is a section in this game where you talk to 5 different characters right in a row, all of them going on monologues, pages and pages worth of monologues, laying out their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, crappily written, oh woe as me tragic backstory and by the time I got to the third guy I was just skipping through ALL of it. I didn't care. I WANTED to care. I WANTED to hear all about them, but I didn't earn it. All of them barely knew my character, I never formed a bond with any of them, so they come off as like....you know how you feed a stray cat once and it'll never once leave you alone after that? Yeah, it feels like that. You give these characters even the slightest bit of attention, and suddenly the feel like they can divulge every deep dark secret to you...which on it's own is bad, but when you're literally walking from one agonizingly long tragic backstory to the next agonizingly long tragic backstory. It is painful. Headache inducing. I just screamed at this game to get back to the plot already before I end up hating these characters. But that's when I realized, this game was about to end soon.Yeah, the plot happens across two days ... a grand epic story about the destruction of the universe takes place over TWO ♥♥♥♥ING DAYS. And since the plotline has just been a series of questions that have been raised so far (Who is the mysterious man? What kind of power do you hold? Who's good who's evil?) guess what happens next... MORE ♥♥♥♥ING MONOLOGUING.I say this not just to Klace, who I'm sure worked very hard on this and put a lot of time and effort into it and I'm sorry that this is my opinion of this game because I REALLY wanted to like it, but to any author. Filler is not a bad thing to have. FIller is NOT wasted time. In fact, it's necessary in any medium that that isn't television and movies. Especially long winded visual novels like this. Exposition is rarely enjoyable to read ... ever. The only time that it IS enjoyable is when you, the main character, have earned the answer to your questions. You as the main character have to make strides towards your goal. Actively try to find the answers to your questions. And that is the biggest problem in this game. You don't earn anything. How do you earn something? Time and effort. In persona, you are a detective, a thief, an explorer, a warrior. You kill monsters, you spend days upon days with your friends, build relationships from the ground up, plan attacks, coordinate thefts, you do SO MUCH to earn every scrap of information you get, and that keeps you invested.In this game, you barely do♥♥♥♥♥♥ stuff happens AROUND you but only like...once do you make a decision that actually matters to the overall plot of the game. And even then, if I were to replay the game and make the other choice, I think that all it would do is switch the chronological order in which events occur. The main character has their hand held throughout the entire experience, you aren't earning information, you are being treated as a child, being sat down as all the others lecture you on what's happening. Saying Act 2 is not fun is an understatement, Act2 is like...going to school. 8 hours of people force feeding you information until your brain short circuits and you go home to watch tv.As I said, on a conceptual level, this game is pretty damn good. But this game needed a lot more content...a LOT a lot. Persona takes over 100 ♥♥♥♥ing hours to tell it's story and This game isn't even half of that. All the plot relevant stuff stays in, but there's no break, there's no fun moments, everything is so god damn serious from the get go and the so called ""Fleshed out characters"" end up being one note character traits with barely any complexity to them, having the ILLUSION of depth by giving them a sob story to tell the main character. I should want to save the world. I should want to save my ""friends"", this should be something that is exilherating and exciting, but no...the main character is a pawn...YOU are a pawn.I haven't finished this game and I don't really want to, I am just so done with trying to care anymore, it's nearing the end, and even if there is some big twist at the end that changes everything, if I feel like skipping every bit of text until I get to that point just because I'm so unbelievably bored with the dialogue, is that really a good sign?4/10, it was a great first attempt into the fray, but if this writing and production team continues on more projects, please please please learn to pace your story better."
76561198056268542,Not Recommended,475490,25685579,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,w o a h,Im not a furry
76561198227952204,Not Recommended,475490,33176389,Posted: 3 July,all,NotJimmy,"Please don't let  my '0.3 hrs played' fool you. I actually played this game for a few days to get the achievements offline.Now onto the review; I would say that I had high hopes for this game since it had made ""Anthro game of the year"" on a furry site but it is anything but and cerntainly not worth the $20 that the dev is trying to sell it for. If you are going to give this a try you best do it when the game is $7 (or even below imho).The major complaints I have on this VN:The plot feels like a blantant rip off of Persona 3 (at first) but then ends up jumping all over the place and barely making any point other than 'this is this now'. Your choices BARELY matter in this regardless of what he says and when the dev mentions 'multiple endings' he just meant two... Which yes I know two can be multiple but it just bothered me. The writing is awful  and the main character doesn't feel relevant to anything that is going on in the story. Some parts of the plot tend to go on and on and on without having much meaning which I found myself skipping through quickly and still getting the idea as to what was happening.The characters all speak the same and actually their faces all look the same - their portraits are all static with no change to expression with the exception of one maid cat. Not to mention that once you get to 'know' the characters a bit further they all have VERY similar sob stories... VERY similar which makes me wonder why the hell there are so many characters - feels very cookie cutter to me.The artwork is all sparkledog basic furry. The characters themselves seem to miss match a lot with each other and their enviornments (clothing ect) which takes away from the immersion. A lot of gender confusion also happened with me in this as I'm not used to seeing so many fem boys in a game before. The backgrounds are also not hand drawn but taken from a commercial free website I believe. There is also no CG's to unlock in this game which is basic for a VN imo.The characters are all Fursonas of people who paid to be in the game and people who worked on the game. The dev is also in this game which explains the sparkledogs but it seems a bit egotistical to me. Granted if I paid good money I would want my character in a game but it also feels like it cheapens the experience.  I also feel like I should mention that the Dev is also a popstar who could do no wrong which is ehh? No offense to Klace or anyone who has their fursona in this game but I feel this should be mentioned for those who are possibly going to buy this.The true ending actually feels like the worst ending to me - I won't spoil anything here but it barely makes a difference if you get this one or the regular ending. Both are just bad.I have read worse VNs and things but I have also played free VNs which give much more of a enriching experience than this; I am highly dissappointed since there is absolutely nothing worth paying $20 for in this game. Furries please don't let the 'omg furry' aspect of this game fool you. There are better games out there."
,Not Recommended,475490,32168358,Posted: 3 June,all,Starzfire,This has to be one of the most convulted story lines i've seen. I tried to like the game but it becomes almost incomprehensible.Would not recommend.
,Not Recommended,475490,29956105,Posted: 15 February,all,NELSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON!,"Developer is a known thief, scammer and all around scumbag. Game still isn't ""complete"". Don't buy it just because it's furry, have some restraint."
,Not Recommended,475490,24835251,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,SOCOM,why are there two versions of the same game but one is marked as early access?
76561198030131219,Not Recommended,475490,32711324,Posted: 23 June,all,dachwuff,It's basically. Less interesting furry version of a anime dating game. The art is good but there is very little of it. The models are always the same expression the story is slow and confusing. The decisions feel like they change little to nothing. I tried this game months ago and couldn't finish it. I was flipping through my library saw it and was reminded of the experience I had. Go try something else.
,Not Recommended,475490,26070664,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Nyan,"badly written and boring, tried to give it a chance... Sakura Swim Club has a better story"
,Not Recommended,475490,26474464,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,MeleeCyrus,"I feel really badly about this, since I love furries and furry-related content, but, like, man does this game feel more like an emulation of a game than an actual game. The art is really static and nondynamic; all of the characters have the same smirkish facial expression on their face that totally makes them all identityless and, well, just plain boring to look at. What's worse is that they never ever change their facial expressions or, well, anything else about themselves during your interactions with them. They really aren't characters at all; they're just pictures on your screen attached to dialogue that is extremely cliche and - sadly once again - boring. What's worse (again) is that I wasn't even given any time to figure out the story for myself through the dialogue; instead the narrator basically straight up told me what was going on, so that I really didn't feel intellectually/creatively challenged at all. Somehow I was in charge of the main character, making decisions for him, yet he was also the one telling me how he felt about everything and what was going on. I really didn't feel important at all in the story or in the grand scheme of things, and I came to hate the art, story, and game as a result. This is a really bad game, and there are so many better things you could spend your money on that are more meaningful and, well, fun. Stay away; stay far, far away."
,Not Recommended,475490,26013417,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Daggothus,"I tried many times throughout its development process and I must conclude this isn’t for everyone, as I myself cannot get past the dialog.  The writing style and characters are flat; it reads like a “young adult” novella.  It’s a light and airy read when it’s not too busy being jumbled, however, some of the personas are more caricatures then characters.Persons requiring a higher standard in their reading my want to venture elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,475490,30648104,Posted: 21 March,all,Pink Mawile,"Decent plot, terrible narrative. The story could have been presented much better, but instead you get a lazy VN with very little player impact, and no true 'paths'. Even worse, the so called endings are just a slideshow epilogue (Not actually slides, but just a bunch of short scenes much like Fallout but with far less variety). The game also lacks a good 'hyperspeed' skip for going past text you've already seen, which makes playing through a second time a real slog. Which stinks since if you want to get the 'true ending' (which is more or less done by doing an event flag hunt over multiple play throughs) You'll be re-reading a LOT of text because a majority of the scenes are the same regardless of your choices. That said, it is possible to also GET the true ending in one play through.More into the writting side of things, the game has a strange writing style where the character is neither a bland faceless mook for you to project yourself on, nor is it an independant stand alone character. It's in this weird middle-ground that makes the story choices utterly unsatisfying because the main character lacks the clarity to be interesting as their own person, but lacks the amorphism to project on. So all your choices are just frustratingly pointless and limited. Speaking of choices, they are very few. I'm not saying there needs to be millions of branching story shattering paths, but even auxilery paths can do wonders for world building, but instead you get non-stop non-interactive cutscenes of other characters (which further breaks immersionIt is later explained WHY the player is presented with this information, but this is explained so far near the end that the cutscenes still ruin the general experience.)Also, infodumps. So much straight up exposition from characters. Worst of all its not in broken parts requiring different playthroughs and choices that you have to peice together. It's just ""Choose this sub-plot, get all the backstory"". It makes the characters absolutely boring to learn about.Plus, the 'indepth affection' system is not indepth. Nor are the affects of your choices on your relationships and outcomes particularly interesting. The relationships are just ""in the positive"" or ""In the negative"".Finally, while the art is great, its extremely limited. Each character essentially has two pictures: An introduction picture, and their 'being present' pose. All the backgrounds are just blurry pictures of real life places, which is rather jarring and somewhat detracts from the experience as well. There are also portraits in the dialouge boxes, but these are just cropped versions of the larger pictures, which is as shame because they atleast could have put emotional variations inte dialouge box to give the visuals a bit more life, instead of the static single images we get.As for the music... I don't really know. I found it obnoxious when the opening splash screen started so I turned it off and never went back.Ultimately I have to give this a negative review because despite the fairly good plot, premise, and the decent writing, this Visual Novel fails to deliver what Visual Novels are about: choice, examing plots and outcomes from different narrative angles, and letting a reader get immersed.That said, I do hope their ""Winds of Change"" fixes these problems as the writing itself and the characters had a lot of potential in this game. If they can fix the narrative problems, I'm sure this studio could get a pretty nice product out."
,Not Recommended,475490,30771779,Posted: 27 March,all,Az,"Do not be tempted by the ratings this game got. The writing is not good to say the least, the choices you make in the game don't matter (fx. at one point the only thing thing that changes is wich avatar is talking the dialog is identical)It also doesn't help that the game was made in rpgmaker and is basicly one long cutscene, you can only save the game at certain save points and there is no way to skip already read dialog. This makes it so that getting the ""true ending"" is very time consuming.To be fair I belive this is the authors first vn but in the end the only redeeming quality of the game is the art."
76561198065245674,Not Recommended,475490,29489973,Posted: 25 January,all,Slime Face,"This game is terrible. It's painfully boring and barely has anything in the way of gameplay. I find my Business Practices textbook more interesting than this  $10 slab of stupid exposition. I kept trying to get to the good part, but there WAS NO good part. The story is bland and predictable, and the player doesn't have many oppurtunities to change the narrative pathway. I regret wasting my money on this narcissitic bore-fest. The author inserts his ""edgy-emo"" fursona as a main character, whose design is not only cringe worthy, but whose personality isn't any more distinct than the other characters. I was excited to finally have a good furry game, but I honestly wouldn't recommend this to anyone."
,Not Recommended,475490,34784462,Posted: 6 September,all,mnlindwall,"Summary: Sci-fi/fantasy story in which you play in first person as the main character who is simulatenously partaking of a pop-star's Japanese tour and being pulled in and out of another world by strange characters/forces. Two worlds have situations that are shaped somewhat by the player's choices/responses to character interaction in-game.Review: One of the worst-conceived storylines I've encountered, driven by kitchy American-->Japanese culture fandom and a ham-handed attempt at fantasy genre insertion into a modern world with ""furry"" characters. Interaction is extremely linear and directed. This poorly-written story reads like 90's era Interactive Fiction minus control of any senses, exploration or puzzle-solving. Dialogue is contrived and unremarkable. World-creation is lazy, with names like ""The Assassins Guild"" and conflict centered around the most rudimentary understanding of the capitalism/socialism dichotomy. A little more effort could have resulted in the player's ability to explore and problem-solve, but instead the player is faced with railroad tracks over a fiction rife with the worst anime stereotypes and long scenes of text in which nothing is engaging and everything is boring.If you like reading horrible stories, this one is for you, but even then I would wait until it was on sale... a lot."
,Not Recommended,475490,26095702,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,lightdragon64,"Meh...i'm sorry i wanted to like this game, it looked pretty good at first glance but the game suffers from a few things for me.-Boring story-Bland Generic characters-no real hook to get me into the game almost 40 minutes inthe only thing i like from what i saw was the artstyle in all honesty, the story could be good if it had a better writer on it in my opinion.honestly not a great game, try it yourself see what you think but i honestly can't reccomend it..."
76561198263809963,Not Recommended,475490,29641144,Posted: 1 February,all,InitiatingAimbot,"I found this game to be lacking in decision options and was very disappointed to see the lack of avatars for each character, as well as such a poor sense of diversity in the characters' personalities. Also, the fact that the game utilized the developer as one of the characters and made him so integral to everyone in the game disappoints me. It is a self centered move that I personally felt took away from the gravity of the story. There were a fair number of typos throughout the game, but mostly that was found in the first couple chapters, which were also incredibly weak and unmotivating. To be fair though, the later chapters gave the story more reason to exist, but even the explanations for the happenings were somewhat lackluster and poorly thought through. I guess if you want to have limited decisions and you're really into furry culture, have at it, but it really seemed poorly executed overall. Would rate Furfag/10"
76561198070935330,Not Recommended,475490,26007815,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Tommy,First off I dont want people to be turned away from this game just because im disliking it. It is a visual novel so dont expect crazy action packed animations however the story line itself is not half bad. however I do not feel that this game is worth 21$ or 15$ or whatever you are seeing it for sale for right now. i would say it belongs in th 5-8$ range.It is a pick your own story line adventure however it feels like you spend a lot time saving your progress instead of being offered choices that will actually impact the story line.The story line.-I felt that I was skipping through a lot of unnecesary dialogue that didnt do much to progress the story line.-not enough choices that actually impacted the story no matter what you chose evrything still functions the same it justchanges which characters alot of the story followsCharacters.-Cant say Im much for the furry aspect of the characters however if you are like me in that aspect and you push past the fur you do get some fairly well written characters that you cant help fall in love with. At least a few of them anyways.(spoiler: let the squirrel die you dont need him) but if you take the time to focus on what the game calls building a relationship with a character they do start to grow on you.Cons of this game.-again like i said before there are very few choices that impact the story line so if you are looking for the alternate ending that you wanted on your first playthrough dont expect it. be prepared to spend a lot of time going back to old saves and replaying the options for the best or worst possible outcomes.
76561198071330320,Not Recommended,475490,28964166,Posted: 2 January,all,mr. bitey,"bought it as a joke for a new year's party with my friends. we originally were supposed to make fun of the characters and roleplay element, but quickly found ourselves confused at the progression of the story and characters' traits, hindering our fun and just making it plain awkward. after we agreed to just scuttle the whole joking thing and forget about it, we tried to speedrun it in 2 hours, while maintaining understanding of the plot, but it became so painfully muttled that none of it made sense.it ultimately ended in a refund and a bunch of unhappy party guests. whoops.also, as a side note, seriously consider the fact that i haven't even mentioned its full of furries. i feel like some of the negative reviews are attributed to the fact that they may think i just hate furries"
76561198142430126,Not Recommended,475490,32860021,Posted: 27 June,all,kesloch,"it's a visual novel, with a narcissist developer, and he dident do any of the work, need i say more."
,Not Recommended,475490,33326559,Posted: 6 July,all,Pomme de ter-ror,"Not RecommendedI bought the ""pre access""/""non completed"" edition quite some time ago and played it mostly through with boredom being my main takeaway for 90% of the ""story"". The story itself is quite all over the place leaving the player pretty confused until random chunks of new information fill some of the back story which the game has more of than the actual main story itself.Now the art is mostly great for characters with more than just 1 per character like the old edition had which is one improvement, however the backgrounds didnt receive as much work as most of them are just images that seemed to be taken of google images or something.The music is more off putting towards the start with it getting a little better and less out of place as you advance through the story.Do not waste 20$ for a basic story with lack of features."
,Not Recommended,475490,35013680,Posted: 16 September,all,Drake Valos,"I didn't play for very long, but the constant fuzzy background images that give me a headache looking at them, coupled with static characters that NEVER change expressions despite changing ""emotions"" really take you out of the world.  This was something I was very much hoping to like, but I can't get Immersed.Between the poor visual composition (despite the well drawn but completely immobile characters) and the fact that in 45 minutes I got to make a whole 3 choices over lines and lines of dialogue, there's far less to this game than it would seem.If you want to see the characters, look up their artwork, save your money, make up your own stories, and don't waste your time."
,Not Recommended,475490,26142755,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,RedDeath,"I'm honestly torn between loving, and hating this game.The thing I hate, and love most about this game is the story;The story is enjoyable, though if you're expecting a telltale sort of game, this is not it. Its less of 'chose your own adventure' and more of 'make a choice, read half the chapter away, make another choice, end of chapter' or so it felt to me.The story continously made me feel lead-on, and it seemed some of the charaters forgot what they previously said, making them repeat stuff, (which can be easily over looked, though i do not know if it was intentional in the games design or not.)The art is decent, and it can be enjoyable, I'd consider trying it if you're already open to long, elaborate storys.Also I just now realised something about the story... (warning, this may spoil some of the story, though i've tried to avoid anything specific.)Why can my charater swordfight at the end, when earlier; at a pivitol point, he mentions how he doesn't even know how to use a sword... (that plus the villian constantly changing...)Though honestly, if you're looking for something to help give you a creative boost, this may be it, just expect it to be a rough ride.-also, the game's plot jumps from chapter to chapter, and the charaters will talk about things from diffrent storylines for no reason, other than bad coding on the developer's part."
,Not Recommended,475490,33647184,Posted: 19 July,all,Alexander,"Bad writing, good art. Not worth the asking price. If you like visual novles this game leave a lot to be desired. I don't reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,475490,26024028,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Xause,"In this game you play a Lv 1 named FrstName. Some will call you a Slider. They also learned nothing from last time about purging reviews... This time its for me calling an otter looking ferret an otter. That is cool .This game is really funny. The creator, Klace, is the famous ""Pop Idol"" in this game. In the beginning, you meet your blue squirrel friend who loves japanese culture and is kind of a ♥♥♥♥♥, an edgy otter named rook (who made an rp joke that klace removed) , and some extremely gay slaves (I think) in a court room. Thats about all I can capture really. Most of the charecters are fit gay males, and there is nothing wrong with that.At the end I think klace saved the universe and solved the midnight deaths. Or maybe eclare did It, idc. Free cards hopefully."
76561198147479072,Recommended,475490,26573373,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Pudding Soles,"I wasn't sure what to think of this game at first, due to the bad-ish reviews, but then I gave it a chance. The game has a quality storyline that includes many in-depth characters and different dialoug options. Some of the characters may be a little, uh... ""cheesy"", but overall I got attached to many of them, and can't wait to see the end of the game. For anyone who reads this, I can't tell you what to do, all I can tell you is that I enjoyed it. Don't listen too heavily on the bad reviews that some may leave, I urge you to try it out for yourself.[EDIT]: I have finally beaten the game, and I gotta say... My views have not just stayed the same, but were bolstered. When I finally got to the end, and it showed me what I had done, and what my friends/ enemies did after all was said and done, it gave me this amazing feeling that I have not felt in a long time. It was a sort of sad knowing that my journey had come to an end, and I could no longer interact with these characters with the current timeline, but at the same time it brought me joy to know that I had done good for the people of the game, even if I don't get to live it out. To anyone reading this, I strongly suggest that you give Major/Minor a try, I was skeptical at first too, but I grew to love this game and everything about it."
,Recommended,475490,28004959,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Cojo490,Furry
76561198365739950,Not Recommended,475490,29973910,Posted: 16 February,all,MemesForMiles,"Klace needs to make varying character sprites, I got Eclair telling me to go to hell as shes smiling as if its christmas ♥♥♥♥ing morningAlso make it possible to choose chapters to resume and end at will, so I dont have to replay the entire 20 hour story to get the true ending, which, although I have tried, cannot find a youtube video for.And while the player character may be dead in the end, the adventures of Frank Kazoo will never be over."
76561197998177676,Recommended,475490,23089361,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Hassat Hunter,"Just to make people aware, the Complete Edition is the exact same as the old edition, there is nothing different between them. Buying one should grant you both (that's how I got this 'free', by owning the original), but there's very little reason to start both unless farming for cards. I never quite understood why we needed 2 identical versions, and I still don't.That aside, let's review the game:+ 2 very interesting inter-connected stories+ Very long for a visual novel+ Large cast of interesting characters+ Great art+ Branching paths throughout entire game rather than just the end most VN's have make this rather replayable.+ Developer listed to player feedback and is very rapid to fix any reported typo's- Wording can be a bit odd at times, you still understand it, it's not VN Engrish that's so common, just feels a bit quirky.- Since it's made with RPGMaker and not VN software there is no manual saving, fast forwarding or dialogue log. Going faster requires you to hold space or enter. Makes it extremely tedious if you want to go for 100%, which requires a few playthroughs or long sessions with specific savegame locations- Only 2 art stances for most characters. One got more (and they look great) but sadly the ""talk"" is only shown once at introduction and then a single one is used throughout the game. Certain sections, like the sadder story-segments could do with another artpiece to reflect that just like Eclaire has.- Despite it's long duration already it feels like it doesn't spend nearly enough time on Terra as I wanted it to have.I came into this game with a bit of worry that it would just cash on the characters (which, true, also was how it catched my eyes), so I am very glad that initial fear turned completely false and this is one of the better more interesting VN's you can find on Steam. If your interest in VN's is in dating rather than plot you should steer clear though, none of that is in this game, it's pure story. And what an enjoying one it turned out to be. Looking forward to the next games of this developer!"
76561198073958869,Recommended,475490,35084065,Posted: 20 September,all,Verginyah🐾,"Not gonna lie, this game is not what you'd think it be. The storyline is very interesting and the characters are so diverse. Each chapter of the game I played made me feel more and more compelled to continue. I did find that sometimes I felt a little bored with the vast amount of dialogue clicking but besides that my interest in the game never faded.Each individual character had their own interesting fursonas, accompanied by intriguing backstories and conflicted pasts. The art itself is a feature to admire. The work and dedication which went into each character truely made this game fun to play. You feel very much involved in the story's progression for each decision you make will decide not only the ending of the story but also the amount of backstory your opened into by the characters you speak with.Overall, if y'all is a furry, like me, or just interested in games such as this one then I highly recommend you jump right into Major/Minor. Complete Edition or not, the game is very nice and shouldn't be looked down upon.My favorite character would have to be Konrad. XD"
,Recommended,475490,34436193,Posted: 23 August,all,Pyhrrous,"This game really puts you on a rollercoaster of emotion as you play, if you invest yourself in the game. Sadly, it's probably one of those games that'll be passed off as ""another furry game""."
,Recommended,475490,34220151,Posted: 13 August,all,Goldomond [DFS],"Not gonna lie about it, at first I thought nothing of this game and got it on the sale. But after clocking in over 14 Hours into it's Story, I have to say, it's pretty darn good.Characters are VERY easy to remember and you get a LOT of information throughout the whole story. To me, it's like reading a Harry Potter book, except it's a visual novel with anthropomorphic characters and a much more interesting and longer story, that can change with every single choice you make. I don't mean to offend anyone who likes Harry Potter by the way.In conclusion:Do I recommend this game?YES.Are there negatives to it?Yes. Quicksaving isn't an option nor is Quickload, which it actually makes up by placing safes carefully.10/10 I would buy it again."
,Recommended,475490,26116515,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Estamie,"i dont know dip s**t about this game, but me and my friend spent about 10 min laughing our asses of just because this game existed. solid 10/10 boi i am depressed again.*note*i dont know why im still playing this game."
,Recommended,475490,26141195,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,nanaki235245,"I personally like the story, characters (ie, almost everycharacter the only characters I don't like are Max and Riley. The characters that I really enjory they side stories are Acheron, ???, and Konrad) the music doen't always play which is a small problem to me. Another thing that I really enjoyed was the differnet pathes you can take to get to the endingsthe only part of the ending that I didn't enjoy was the fact that no one remebers you so the people on earth and terraOver all I really enjoyed the game"
,Recommended,475490,26150372,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Swiffer Sweeper Floor Cleaner,"This game, THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME. I love this game. The story was really good, it made me feel things I didn't I think it would, like pure RAGE, and sadness, because things happen to the characters, and I actually became attatched to them because they have stories to them and pasts, and after spending time with them they grew on me, despite the fact most of them look like unoriginal FurAffinity OCs (because they actually are), and the music is stuck in my head (thats a good thing). do not underestimate this game, because I did and it was much better than I expected, I will defenitly do second playthrough, though I feel that is the most replayability I'll get. This game does a lot right and if you enjoy a good lengthy story, this might be perfect for you."
76561198117221726,Recommended,475490,26139822,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,williamwhtjr,"POTENTIAL SPOILER *I'm not through the game, at Chapter 4, but I have a guess I reveal at the end of this review as to someone's involvement in events ongoing. I will braket it off so it can be skipped if desired.*I never thought I'd pay good full price for a 'Visual Novel.' But the set-up hype of Major/Minor made me curious, and I purchased it, full price, as my first ever Visual Novel experience.I will begin with the same complaint many others have about Steam's rating system...I wish there was a 'mixed' button, because that's exactly how I feel about this game. Half the time I've played so far I thought about returning it and half the time I was glad I didn't. :/ It has lows, yes, but I feel there's not enough praise given for the things that ARE pegged right. The story is good, the writing is semi-mediocre. A definite lack of English grammar and structure, so that at times it feels like it's written by someone who has ESL skills at best. (Although props for actually using the term 'par' in the most correct manner possible, with the phrase 'Par for the green,' LOL The characterization is actually wonderful, as no two characters seem even remotely alike. The characterization is further aided by compelling waredrobes that not only add to the appeal of the characters, but make you feel like these are real beings, each with their own cultural and social structures. The backgrounds , however, are lacking the same je nais se quoi. One of my biggest issues is cutscenes, so to speak, where more of the elements are available to the player that are not available to the charatcer. This seems to rob the choices of any power to surprise or concern (as in concerned about making the wrong choice) for the player. In addition, to make up for this fault, the creators of the game induce artificial internal monologues for the player character that try to add to the sense of actually making a choice when the player already knows the likely outcome. So in a nutshell:Pros: Good, compelling story.Good characterization.Excelellent character world building, so to speak.Cons: Poorly written.Poor artificial choice direction.Backgrounds need work.Music okay. Could be better. (Scroll down for my guess on events ongoing, LOL)Overall, I think it's worth a purchase, but at NO MORE than half off...(EDIT) for MOST. I just finished my first playthrough, and I personally feel it was worth EVERY SINGLE CENT I PAID FOR IT. If you love your characters, and you can find happiness in the first of many resolutions to the game, then BY GOD BUY THE GAME!! *Wipes tear from eye* LOL[POTENTIAL SPOILER] Just stumbled on the interview with Maxine Armstrong, the weapons dealer. Notice how she states all candidates purchasing her wares must be of 'sound mind' and that her services include 'celebrities.' If she is not the killer, I will REALLY be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ LOL"
76561198321038224,Recommended,475490,33599621,Posted: 16 July,all,Relics284,"After long hours of gameplay((I played in offline mode because I was getting my router replaced. Thus inaccurate gameplay time.)) and an uncountable amount of time invested in the progression in story I have to come to terms with the neutral ending and the game itself leaving  a cliffhanger were another game could take off from, and after 2 hours of collecting my thoughts into creative criticism I have made my final thoughts in what was good and could have been better.1.bland backgrounds and locations		 I did not like the use of the backgrounds because this is how a visual novel can go from 60 to 0 in a matter of seconds, subject 9 did great use of hand drawn backgrounds that brought the setting to life.2.Clunky dialogue 	A sin to movies and novels alike as being a fan  of star wars episode 4 A new hope it can break a game,movie,book,etc an example is at chat cafe where if you decide to go and talk to eclair near the end of her dialogue she finishes her story about rook by saying “I guess I’m not as quick as they say” or something along those lines which would have been a better closing sentence to the dialogue but instead of ending there she continued by giving an explanation for the previous statement this can also be seen in dialogue later in the game.3.memory/journal system	I think this would be a necessary addition to this game currently or any new titles after playing I sometimes may take a break from the game for a few days and usually when I return I may have no Idea what I did a few days ago in the game leaving me clueless and extremely confused even more so if you do not play the game for more than a month,a journal system would ensure that you the player would not lose track of previous events in the progression of the story.skyrim the elder scrolls 6  added a brief summary  of what happened in quest leading up to your current position.4.Character design 	I terms of character desing It was a challenge telling what gender most charters were without paying an extreme amount of attention to the long dialogue the characters I struggled the most with were ,PB, Phidget,Inume,Caylen. This did not help the fact that they wore very feminine clothing and some time had lacked in practical fashion (I’m not any better the best I can do is a white or red T-shirt) Nagi and his sister seem to have very disproportionate Hips in comparison to the rest of their torso with armor that resembles Daedric armor from  skyrim the elder scrolls 6.My thoughtsOverall this novel had an interesting story that had some of the hardest choices and involved all the characters in one way or another, each with their own story,design (and interesting sense of fashion) that made each of them unique, story was the most intriguing of any visual novel I read so far to the point where I accidentally stayed up to 2:34 .a.m engrossed with the amazing story. each action Makes you really think what would happen if I did things differently. soundtrack is the best I have ever heard in games like this adding great ambiance to the setting and characters. The charters are great some you will fall in love with (Acheron is my favorite) and others you wish you could hit with a Bus  (max) .overall this game deserves a sequel or at least DLC/ downloadable soundtrack .but when I came into this game my expectations were low because most visual novels I had read were a steaming pile, but this blew my expectation out of the water with hundreds of choices and three possible endings increasing it replay value.I look forward to seeing more games made by you.This game was worth the money I payed and the time I invested in it.-Santa Relics7/16/2017Thank you for your time, it was worth mine.P.S if you found this review helpful let me know leave a comment on what was good and what I can work on, it helps me out alot."
76561198030737080,Recommended,475490,26108289,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Reddy Aimfire,"Starting this review I would like to point out that I successfully completed one entire playthrough from start to finish as of this writing, all in one sitting.  My total play time might not reflect this as Steam's offline mode tends to be wonky when resyncing, but one only has to look at my achievements for the game to know that I speak the truth.With that out of the way, this review is intended to be entirely 100% certified SPOILER-FREE.  I wouldn't want to ruin the experience for anyone else.  Without further ado, I give you my Pros, Cons, and Other Thoughts.Pros:- Though the story does borrow elements concepts from other well-known and perhaps less known stories, I found it to be an interesting and unique mesh of familiar and unfamiliar.  One also must realize that in this day and age it is practically impossible to tell a completely unique story that has no similarities to anything else already written.  I was so engaged by the story despite my early reservations and a few niggles along the way, that I chose to play through the entire thing in one sitting, something I very rarely choose to do or even have the option to do.- Several of the characters are very engaging and interesting.  I would say all of them are interesting in their own way, though some will appeal to some players more than others, as I discovered in my playthrough.  If you can get your audience to form an attachment like this to your characters, you’ve definitely done something right in telling your story.- Many twists and turns that kept me on my toes and actually had me pausing to consider my actions more often than not.  I like that in a game, not many games these days actually force you to stop and think about all of the dialog you just read.  Even though these where still graphic images of these characters, it legitimately made me feel like I was having a battle of wits with more than a handful of the characters throughout the game.- Clearly, a lot of love and devotion went into making this game.  For something created by an incredibly small staff, I didn’t notice any glaring technical issues or anything related to quality that stood out, which is something fairly rare in the indie market these days.  I would estimate several months were dedicated just to making sure everything worked exactly as intended.- I am a sucker for being able to create my own character.  When it comes to Visual Novels the options are limited, but I was pleasantly surprised with the amount of options (and unexpected ones as well) that went into making my character.  This was a nice touch, and lent well to the immersion I experienced.Cons:- Though it didn't bother me much at all, I imagine some players will be expecting more expressions and animation with some of the character graphics, portraits, and even the backgrounds.- The story does come with its fair share of clichés and a couple of characters do fairly well follow established archetypes, but not to a degree that I found overly abundant or exceedingly annoying.- I personally found a couple of the character designs to be overly ""bright"" or ""neon"", which normally bugs me, but I soon was overlooking this personal conflict when I found myself becoming legitimately interested in the story and its characters.Other Thoughts:- A surprising lack of ""romance options"", which caught me off guard.  It's something you come to expect with games of this genre, but nothing ever felt forced or unintended in this category which is a positive to me, but might turn off some players.- There were more than a few cases where the typical “he/she” or “his/her” parameters in the dialog were simply replaced with more generic wording that felt strange and out of place, especially since there were instances where characters would address you by the gender you chose.  This is pretty minor and probably just something easily missed during testing.- After one playthrough, I am left with a strong desire to go through it again and try different dialog options and character creation options to see how it all affects the story, because even after one playthrough I am left with many questions and far from a full understanding on how some decisions/options may have affected the outcome.  Normally, I have a hard time picking up a game I had just finished so soon, even if it’s a game that has an infinitesimally large number of choices that affect the story along the way.  I enjoy having that much of an impact on my journey.- I wish there were a few more cases where I had the chance to choose for my character, rather than having things chosen for me instead, but realizing how game design works and what goes into adding limitless depth, it is both unfair and unrealistic to ask for total free reign over your choices, otherwise you’d end up with a game that takes 1000 hours to finish and 50 years to program and write.With that out of the way, I would like to say that I whole heartedly recommend this title to anyone who has played the Visual Novel genre and enjoyed it, but is also looking for something different.  I personally have played only a handful of Visual Novels in my time and far from consider myself to be a guru of the genre, but I definitely felt like I got my money’s worth out of this purchase and this game’s universe is something I look forward to visiting again in the future.At the start, I felt very early on like I was simply going to receive the same sort of experience I’ve come to expect from the Visual Novel genre, especially of the indie variety, but not too far into my skepticism I discovered everything being turned on its head, and my mind craved more.  Just when I thought something was coming together, like I was figuring something out, another point in the story would shift and turn everything around again, leaving me in a temporary state of disbelief as I tried to tear the puzzle apart once more and make all of the pieces fit together in a way that made sense.  I’ve only experienced that feeling a handful of times in the many years that I’ve been playing games.  I like to be challenged, I like the feeling of dread that washes over you when you realize everything you knew to be fact was in fact, wrong.  It is a difficult feeling to explain or to put into perspective without giving away too many spoilers, so I will leave it at that.The game won’t be enjoyed by everyone, nor will everyone experience or appreciate it in the same manner that I did.  There will be those who judge it immediately by its cover and refuse to touch it, and there will be those (like me, more often than not) who have a life outside of gaming, and way too many games for one person to feasibly play through in their lifetime, and thus have to pass this one up in order to make time for something more relevant to one’s own interests, but in all honesty if you have the time and the interest I think you owe it to yourself to give this one a try.Thanks for taking the time to read my little review.  Cheers, and good day!"
,Recommended,475490,34405783,Posted: 21 August,all,Kade,"Now that I have completed the story, i shall review it. I will do my best to leave this spoiler free. And I did get this while on sale, best $8.00 i ever spent, still I feel it would still be worth the $20.00.And please down turn this down just because it looks like a furry game, it is so much more than that.By far the best game I have had the honor of playing in a long while. It was a overwhelming rollercoaster for me and I would really recomend it. Yeah there is reading, but reading should not be a problem if you are reading this review, and if you hate reading this may change that. Almost every decision made was really game changing, and had many branching off paths (not to mention a few subplots here and there) and there are alot of characters you can get really immersed into as well. I really liked giving them my oun voices too, because I felt I gave them more character and felt closer to them. I  feel I will clock over more hours to this game just to see all the choices and how they play out. When I played it, I got so immersed into it that i did not want to stop until i saw this game threw. I am not normally a emotional person, but this game made my eyes tear up at some points, and shed tears at others. I know not everyone will feel the same way I did when playing, but I still hope it is at least a fun ride. Oh, One more thing, I HIGHLY recommend avoiding any spoilers to this game, because just one I feel will ruin the experiance."
,Recommended,475490,32877277,Posted: 27 June,all,davidwindlow,A must get if you like intriguing storylines. I really enjoyed the characters too. I just hope that the creators of this game are working on a sequel to it because it kind of leaves you off with a cliffhanger.
,Not Recommended,475490,33273521,Posted: 5 July,all,Tauren Cow Mooisa,This game makes no ♥♥♥♥ing sence at most part. it´s WAY to dark for a ♥♥♥♥ing furry game. This game is a Nope for me. ♥♥♥♥ing leting you choose whos gonna blow up in to pieces is just wtf.  Terrorism in a furry novel. just doesnt add up. if you just want to read about furries dying you go ahead buy it. otherwise dont bother and save your money
,Not Recommended,475490,30624574,Posted: 19 March,all,MaxyW | Falklands are English,"It was ok after the redux release.Now, I have to do everything from the begining, and try to enjoy this new 'redux' thing that just made the game go backwards..."
,Recommended,475490,26096438,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Sakkano,"Okay so, lets start with this first, this is not a ""dating sim."" Yeah, I'll admit I was a little confused about this when I started, I became so enthralled by the story that I wasn't dissapointed that the game wasn't what I expected. Also, this is definately a ""furry"" game. I guess because fo the style, you'd really call it a Kedomono Visual Novel? The difference between this version and the regular is that this version, Complete, was released all at one go, where as the original was released in chapters.So what is this game about? Ohhhh, well, that's difficult to say without spoiling it, and this game is definately easy to spoil. You play the protagonist who has won a contest to see the opening of Klace's tour. Klace is a pop idol who, as a publicity stunt, did a ""golden ticket"" contest. Two cans of a beverage called PopStar were marked special, and the people who found these cans would become on of the ""lucky two"" to attend Klace's tour in Tokyo, Japan. But while this is happening on Earth there is another planet called Terra which is in the midst of political intrigue. The king of Terra, Valaquez is being challenged as the planet finds itself being overpopulated by immigrants and is on the verge of social collapse. A politician by the name of Lord Plair believes the way to save Terra is to halt the in-flow of immigrants, and the best way to do that is to challenged the king and take the throne of Terra for himself. And between the two worlds, a test is being set up, in which you will play a vital role.It's been a VERY long time since a game has shaken me so. The characters are all very relatable, possessing qualities that make them seem very well fleshed-out. The story starts off well enough, but takes twists and turns, so where I thought I'd be playing something light and fun, like Go! Go! Nippon!, it went in a totally different direction. It was unexpected, but not disliked.The music is very well done, composed and performed by Fox Amoore and Murray Atkinson. Dissapointingly, there was no soundtrack that came with this game. If that ever gets included as DLC, I'm definately interested in acquiring it.A couple of things that bothered me about this game, I didn't notice the ability to cloud-save, so I could not pick up from where I left off from one machine to the other. You never see your character (as for the most part the game is in first-person and third-person without you). I believe this is to allow you as the player, to project yourself and thus encouraging a form of emmersion. Subsequent play-thrus ""stack"" on each other, much like how Undertale worked, or even some games with a New Game+ feature. I also wish there were a fewture that would allow you to skip scenes if you have been though them once before. My first time though the game took close to 15 hours (which is not at all disappointing), but I think that if you beat the game once, you shoudl have the ability to jump though a scene and go to the decision you will need to make to continue.But the story is good. The characters are believable. The music is excelent. So I will hold this game in very high reguard. And may need to pick it up again and play on another weekend so I can get more achievements, since there's 136 of them, and you can't get them all on one play-thru."
76561198133235023,Recommended,475490,29947701,Posted: 15 February,all,Zonah,"Nice Visual Novel but its obviously overpriced. 20€ For this game is too expensive.Characters are good but some seem a bit unexplained.The Game is still getting improving updates.But as i first bought it and played i was expecting a better menu and a better saving system but the new update made it a bit better in this category.i think this game feels like an ''early access'' title, it should really get some improvements .at this state i dont think its worth 20€ .But if you get it for less than 15€ (like me) its a great game to spend some time and dive into another universe."
,Recommended,475490,25679637,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Tanya Degurechaff,"If every novel of crimes and mystery was like this game, my room it was looking right now like a library.I love this game, the story is really cool and filled with hard decissions, know that what you say can make good or bad, also it makes doubting about our world and the unvierse. Its true that the universe is massive and outside Earth can be many things. In fact, Major/Minor is one of the games that can really make you think about everything.(EDIT 05/01/2017): I completed the game and it made me cry several times in a row and mostly at the ending(from chapter 8 to chapter 10) amazing storyline i never cryed so much playing such a beatiful game."
,Recommended,475490,25683674,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Deko 狼,"This game is an amazing splice of morbidity and cuteness!It has greatly improved since the first chapter came out and is definitely gonna be one of my all-time favorite visual novels. Pawzi Clawzi's art is amazing, the writing is absolutely stunning, and the cast of characters are as cute as they are enigmatic and charming.The story delves into many situations that make you question the legitimacy of your morals and realize the indefinite consequences of your actions. The game isn't afraid to talk about serious and potentially controversial topics, and makes you question everything. Every character has 2 sides. There is no definite good or evil. The decisions you make determine who lives and who dies.Unlike other games I've played, ALL the characters in this game actually felt as if though they had a purpose. Everyone had their own individual story that resonated with me. No matter who I met, I was astonished by the bonds that had formed between us. It actually hurt me to see some of them die and at moments I would tear up.This game has definitely left it's mark on me. I had voted for this game on Greenlight way back when. Back then the writing wasn't pretty, rash decisions were made, and rumors and hate ran rampant. But I stayed with the game... and I'm glad I did. As the chapters came out one by one, I could see exponential imrpovement in both the writing and the game itself as a whole. Slowly, I watched as a masterpiece was made.I'd expect no less from the highly talented Klace. I have been following this title since the start and I have seen seen his writing improve greatly over the chapters.I will always remember the message of the story, as well as the journey behind it, and I can't wait for what Klace plans next.10/10Nearing the end of a fantastic journey filled with despair and chaos, knowing that we are so close to the end, I come to realize that I would never be the same and that the choices i've made will bear fruition to the outcome of my character."
76561198352725446,Recommended,475490,34972616,Posted: 15 September,all,B0mb_Sh3ll,"Don't be put off by the Furry art (if that's not really your thing. It's not a dating sim) This game is awesome. So much story, and detail; I adore it. Whiplashing plot-twist, murder, politcal betrayals abound, no-one is who they say they are. The only ""complaint"" I have is that it's a Massive time-sink. lol..You want the whole story? Bunker down for some serious commitent. Lots of replay value here. *utilize the wealth of save slots, you will need them!* (Only docked points for sometimes confusing  use of the word ""duress"" and very occasional flat sounding exchanges in dialouge.) Very much reccomend this game. 7.5/10"
76561197998236045,Recommended,475490,26123161,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Eggins,"At time of writing, playtime is 7 hours, completed the game. I did a few reloads because i skipped through choices by accident. A bit of background as well, I never really played visual novels before so I can't comment on how it has been influenced by similar titles,  but I liked the art style and gave it a go. I actually researched the game a bit after completion because I wanted to know more about the characters and found a few disturbing criticisms regarding the developer. The writing has been said to be simple and at first I thought the writer was a non-native english speaker as the grammer confused me sometimes, that was my initial reaction. However I am treating the game simply like reading a book and people can say what they like was I was enticed and saw the story through to its end and enjoyed it immensely. I did think at times it did go off on odd angles to make things sound more complicated then they actually were andbumble around a science fiction theme at times especially towards the end.To summarise however, I would recommend this game, it's charming."
76561198364124851,Recommended,475490,34273167,Posted: 16 August,all,Name's Alan Pleasant to meet you,Excellent game.Especially for those who likes furry and story.Looking forward to your next game.
,Recommended,475490,26148226,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,[KidBetong],"I have played this game about 4 hours (but it only says 2 because I was using offline mode some of the time), and I will keep this review short.I think the characters are interesting enough to keep me playing. The same with the story. It's rather good to be honest!If you like mysteries, this Visual Novel is for you. The game has a furry theme, which does not matter for me, I am rather indifferent about it, but indeed, seeing something different that the usual anime-esque style feels good. I am not an experienced VN player, but I have played enough to have something to compare it to.I'll give this game a solid 8/10 in the Visual Novel category.Cons:You can only save at certain points, and it can be a mess if you want to save before every choice. You'll have to save at every such point to be sure.There is only one sprite per character. So no expressions at all.Pros:Great, involving story and colorful characters.The music is also suitable for the game.There seems to be an endless supply of saveslots, so the above saving issue is just a minor hassle."
76561198141913781,Recommended,475490,26114616,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Zyan,Major\Minor is one of the best games I have played in the longest time. It's story is so in depth and full of wonder. It is embarrassing to say but I was at a loss for words most of the time not believing what im seeing and so forth. This wonderful game is not all joy and rainbows it very much can break your heart. I know first hand. To sum it up it is a fantastic game and I would highly recommend it to all who want a good story and a game with consequences.
76561198190357726,Recommended,475490,34319254,Posted: 17 August,all,Strong Wolves,"I only have a few hours into Major Minor so far, but I am really enjoying it. I have loved the characters and story so far. And you can feel a real attactment to the characters through the story, it actually makes you feel involved! LOVING IT! :D"
76561198134205070,Recommended,475490,26116212,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,voklarl,9/10It would be perfect if I could accept the final offer.
76561198166978161,Recommended,475490,34204341,Posted: 12 August,all,Shiba,"Lets just get into it, shall we?This.... ""Game"" has a great story it definitetly was not what i was expecting. I went in 99% Blind and came out a happy camper. You could generally predict what was going to happen, and then that flipped entirely.While it is somtimes very resticting in terms of options its still a Great story.Yeah you can say its Furry Bait and no one outside of the fandom would like it but....I'd go as far as saying this Experiance was one of the best in a long time for meI Highly Recommend this game to anyone who loves a good story, even if your not a furry.i give this game a solid A-"
76561198291246775,Recommended,475490,35171229,Posted: 23 September,all,Glory the rainwing,It's okay. Get it on sale
,Recommended,475490,26228318,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Shusha,"Im sorry, my english not so good, but i really want to write review about this game.You know i really dont understand why so many people dislike this game. I dont really like novella games but this game is wonderful:-It's furry game (furries love furries, right?)-Interesting story. First time i didnt expect something special from this story untill i finished 1st chapter. Moral choices which affect on storyline- Lovely characters. Seriously, every character so wonderful, unusual and memorable.- So many achievements (too many)But there is one thing that I do not really like:- Some moments are pretty big spoilers in story for next chapters. Its not super horrible but it would be way cooler if they would be unexpected.I can say that i dont regret that i bought this game.If you are novella lover (and furry fan) you would love this gameP.S. I have few important questions about this game so i would like to talk with Klace"
,Recommended,475490,26101246,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Fenris Silverfang,"I wanted to wait with my review for a bit until I tried almost all of the possible paths for the game and see how it altered the story and after doing so im really really happy.Its a really complex story that will surprise you several times, especially on your first playthrough. However depending on your choices the flow of story will be altered so there's replayability if you feel you missed something out or want to know how things would go if you chose differently. Your choices are few but most of them drastically change whats gonna happen, its not a simple read-through. You will likely get attached to certain characters or be curious about the events that unfold asking yourself if your choice was the right one and that is exactly what this game is about.I mean experiences differ and if you dont like those sorts of games or cant connect with them its perfectly fine, but this has touched me as i can relate to some of the things in this story on a very personal level and i found it both inspiring as well as heartwarming in the end. Maybe im reading to much into it who knows.A lot of hard work and thought has been put into this to make it a beautiful journey and i highly encourage you to give it a try without looking up any guides or walkthroughs."
,Recommended,475490,26265267,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Applejack,"I really like the story, I've played it to the end and most likely going to go for an alternate ending.However, it crashed as I'm mid-way through the normal ending after the point of no return. I had to skip the story for about 5 minutes to get back, which kinda sucks. Either way, really good job writing the story, I really hope that the developer would consider making more games/VNs."
,Recommended,475490,34662254,Posted: 1 September,all,Raiyo,One of the best Stories I have ever played.
,Recommended,475490,25723477,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,kaitokilljoy,"If you like a game with plots, twists, and turns with every decision you make, then this game is for you.What is sleep anymore? The story has me on the edge of my seat, wanting to know what will happen next. And with multiple ways to play the story, and with multiple endings, you can bet I'm gonna try to find them all.Seriously, ignore all the negative things you have heard about Klace- they literally have NOTHING to do with the actual game. Major/Minor was SUPERBLY written. It makes you question so many things in terms of choices. (for an ending that may be more tailored for you, make your first playthrough all choices you would actually make. This is my opinion.)I got this game on sale, and if you were like me and hesitant about the price and if the game was worth it, I'm telling you it is because if I didn't wait, and I knew it would be this good, I would have paid full price. The story is amazing, and I'm not even close to being done with my first playthrough. The replay value is gonna be more than enough.Sure, this game was probably tailored more for us in the furry community, but I would recommend this game even to my non furry friends. Its just a really good game. Especially if you enjoy visual novel games.I just wanted to take a break from the game to write this review.Out of all visual novel games I have played, this one is by far possibly the best I have ever played.Seriously. 11/10 recommend this game. Do NOT let the negativity you heard about Klace cloud your opinion or decision to play this game (It literally has nothing to do with the quality of the game. Seriously. And more people need to hear this because I feel like I am one of the only ones who will speak up and say that). And do NOT make opinions based what you have heard about the old version of the game. The game has evolved over time. And let me tell you, it was for the better. This game is really good."
,Recommended,475490,25656901,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,ᴱrin 'Marty' Freeman,"""THIS IS HEAVY."""
,Recommended,475490,26091443,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Rehhminator ツ,When playing this game several questions spring to mind in order:Why on earth did they put a border around the game?Why are the controls so messed up?Why is the resolution of the artwork so low?Why can't they just read my keyboard input when writing a name?Why is the max length of the name so short?Why can't I use spaces in my name?Now I understood this game was made with RPGMaker and I'm not familliar with the limitations of said product but a lot of these things should be incredibly easy to fix. If these really are limitations of RPGMaker then creating this game without it would make much more sense.The resolution and artwork detail is not very high but I can imagine that creating tons and tons of images for a game like this is a pretty challenging task and after the first couple of images you hardly notice it anymore. The art style is great though.Though I haven't played much the story seems very engaging and I love the vast amount of choices you get to make.The music is very good as well though I might be a bit biased because I love Fox Amoore.Based on my first impression I'd say only buy it if you have an affinity for fur ;)
,Recommended,475490,27324427,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TheWolfPilot,"Really like the story so far, played the other (old) version almost through. Can't wait to finish it."
76561198133347975,Recommended,475490,34023474,Posted: 4 August,all,One Foxy Guy,"Captivating storyline, nice art style. Would recommend."
,Recommended,475490,25702594,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,❖Tetra❖,"RE-POST FROM OLD VERSIONsince i bought the old version i got this for freeMajor/minor is a highly engaging visual novel, with memorable characters and multiple endings. Traverse worlds, solve a murder mystery -- and partake in political revolution. Inspired by greats such as Steins;Gate, Tales of Symphonia, Persona 4 and Future Diary. An unforgettable science-fiction/fantasy adventure!with that being said the music, story, charactors are amazing with very hard decisions scattered throughtout the story.and since this is a repost my hours dont match up with the original version, in that i have 11 hours and will continue playing till i get every achievement and see every ending + i want to know all the backstorys. but first i need to get back to where i was :)\/SPOILERS\/i still hate the fact that i have to pick between Rook and Kila ;-;"
,Recommended,475490,25732072,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Drone Raccoon,"This is an amazing experience! I loved all the characters! The art is very nice; very well drawn! It's very well writen! The music is very, very good! And the ending (the one I got, anyway) was kinda.... I felt like I could have done better. Not the game, me, the player. Even though the ending (that I got) was great; I loved it; I just kinda feel like I still failed my friends (in the game).  But in all honesty? I wouldn't have it any other way. Without spoiling anything; the game kinda teaches a tough leason that can be hard to accept, but necessary for moving forward. And whether this was intentional or not, I find it's rather beautiful in that way.Some criticisms I have about this game are that I did find a few spelling or grammatic errors. Just one or two here and there. Hardly any in total. The story can also get rather complex and difficult to keep up with, but it still all makes enough sence by final stretch.In all, I'd give this game an 8.9/10! Though Ipersonnallywould have done 1 or 2 things a bit different and, as of my last play through, still had 1 or 2 spelling and grammar errors, This game get a BIG recommendation from me! Serious props to Klace and everyone else who helped work on Major/Minor. I can only truly describe this game as beautifully exciting."
,Recommended,475490,33546423,Posted: 14 July,all,asriel,1
76561198202240964,Recommended,475490,31498026,Posted: 1 May,all,Britty,"I enjoyed this visual novel very much. It was interesting as well as complex enough to make my head spin more than a few times... in a good way. The one big problem I encountered with this product was that about 15 hours in, the game crashed and I was forced to restart my PC. I had made multiple saves up to this point but when I turned the game back on, all progress was lost and/or corrupted and I needed to restart if I wanted to finish the story. Although this problem ruined the experience for me, I enjoyed it none the less."
,Recommended,475490,34565526,Posted: 28 August,all,Sirshaxx,I'd go gay for Konradthat's all that needs to be said
,Recommended,475490,29288255,Posted: 15 January,all,X3,"I love it! I have only had this game for about two days and O am already obsessed with it, I haven't even closed it out yet since I got it! If you don't like the price you can just buy the regular version on sale and get the complete edition"
,Recommended,475490,29598744,Posted: 30 January,all,"Sura, Bearer of the Curse","The plot is good. The execution could be a lot better.For anyone who is interested in Major\Minor, I urge you to be very careful about what you prioritize in a novel. If you value an interesting plot above all else and can look past flaws in storytelling, this game may be for you. If constant small nuisances get in the way of enjoying a story, please look elsewhere. We'll start off with the pros. It may be a bit shorter, but don't let that deter you.The plot is teeming with potential no matter how you look at it. It is very widely twisting, intriguing, and manages to interleave characters together in a very nice manner where each character is impacted by others and impacts others meaningfully. There are very very few characters that stand out which don't add value to the plot, and the way it weaves feels very much like a TV drama. The method of which this was written can be seen -and I won't lie - care went into how the plot folds out. It's a 12 hour long story, but because of that, feels more like a short TV series. Characters are also pleasanlty rendered which, while is cliche in furry artwork, is never jarring to the presentation. It has this sort of feeling about it where you can tell the creators of this piece really wnated this to be big and amazing. And with all due respect, it's got charm.That's not to say it's flawless. Sadly, there are many small flaws which add up en masse. I'll list them off first and explain the main problem with most of these flaws.1: Self inserting author2: Fursonas shoehorned as characters in the plot3: Typos4: Poor editing5: Mild Fanservice6: Misleading advertising7: Lack of pause/menu/options8: Cliche character profiles (Nerd. hothead, workaholic, etc)9: Overuse of certain plot devices10: Lack of variance in character emoted drawings. (most characters have only a single drawing)While some are worse than others, it is not up to me to make that decision. What I can safely tell you is these hold 2 common problems. They break your immersion a leave a bad taste in your mouth.Immersion breaking is very serious with this novel. Many writing choices feel out of place and will cause you to take notice of them. For example, a few chapters in, you'll be able to give pronoun preference. Even then, characters will once in a while refer to you as ""they"". This will immediately bring you out of the story and impair the experience. Problems like these are fine in small doses, but when they add up, it becomes a chore to keep yourself immersed. This is why I say the plot is good, but the story is bad. Too many instances while playing, would I be alerted to a poor design decision or unusual writing that I'd have to put it down for a bit. That is the true problem with this novel. It lacks the polish it needs to take it from being 80% done to a finished experience.To those who read this, I hope you understand that this isn't a bad novel — it's got quite an interesting plot, in fact. It's just that it has a lot to go before being a complete, immersing story. So I say again. If you can look past the flaws for the equivalent of a bingewatch of a TV series, go for it. But just know it's not going to be what you fully expected. Enjoy."
,Recommended,475490,29618243,Posted: 31 January,all,MintyPanda,Major/Minor had quickly become one of my favorite games due to its amazing story and lovable characters. The ending was also pretty good(True ending) It honestly got me hooked. (I played from 8pm to 2am during my first run) I loved the character design and the music was decent. The only problem I had with the game was the lack of choices. There were long parts in the game where I thought I was watching a movie and having to spam enter to move foward. But overall I give Major/Minor a 8.5/10.I recommend this game to anyone who is a furry.
76561198052381066,Recommended,475490,26794307,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tide XVII,Hands down one of the best VN I've played so far.
,Recommended,475490,28987014,Posted: 3 January,all,Birdy the Phoenix,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game. I guess I'll do a pros and cons list.Cons:- The SMS system mentioned on the store page is pretty much non existant. I would have liked a bit more interaction with this aspect.- There were only two endings. While there were many different ways to reach the two endings, I would have liked more endings.- You can only save at certain places during the game.- There is no text skip option.Pros:+ Amazing art+ Amazing soundtrack+ Amazing story+ Amazing characters+ Many different paths that you can take to arrive at an ending+ Easter Eggs! They made me laugh.I fully recommend this game to anyone who is on the fence about it, and if you are sure you want it, go for it."
76561198058508845,Recommended,475490,29456276,Posted: 23 January,all,Primus,"I have played this game before on the old edition and I loved it.  From the beginning of it's development, it was kinda haphazard and slow.  But as the story came out more and more, I started to realize that most of it was a slow start and it picks up once you really get moving into different places.Pros:- Great Story for those wants some sci-fi with a magical element mixed in.- Characters that you may grow to care about in due time.  Only when you talk with them is when the curtian is pulled down.- Great artwork and locations to set the tone.- Choices that do matter in a way and can be both pro and con in some cases- Music is spot on and found myself humming along and wishing for a certain one to come back soon.- Diolauge is actually touching at some times.  Having you realize that this can happen in some way for some stories among this big plot.Cons:- The diolauge system built in is klunky.  Having to restart from a last save when I pressed a button a choice too fast and not realizing it.- Need for the diolauge to play out to the full text box without the need for a press of the button at every line.- Too many plots at first.  Have to get at least past chapter 3 to finally get your brain set.  Chapter 2 for sharp eyed players.- The need for more customization like character creation and make a more personal personna instead of just male or female.However, the pros outweight the cons and I loved this game, espically the ending.  I can't wait to see what else Klace can make since he is working on another game at the time of this writing.  I just hope he takes the reviews and problems and tires to address what he can in this new one."
,Recommended,475490,29742825,Posted: 6 February,all,Highlord Thorgrim,"So after playing through the game about 5 times to get all the various endings, I feel confident in giving a review. There are many good things and many bad things, so I guess I'll give the pros and cons of it.PRO:Plot - It was pretty good. A lot of twists and turns. The first time I played through I honestly didn't know what was going on and was curious to see where it all would go.Characters - It seems a lot of folk say the characters are badly written. Some are, I'll get to those in the Con section. But a lot of them are quite well written. I know people in real life who act like Shock, Rocker, Inumi, and some of the others. For most of the characters I did want to see what happened to them and was actively cheering for a few. A lot of folk seem to dislike this game simply because they are furries. I think that's sadly shortsighted. If you made everyone here a human male or female the story wouldn't lose it's impact. To me, the choice to make them all furries was simply a stylistic one (And the creator is a furry too so write what you know and feel comfortable with.) All the art was consistent too, even though almost all the characters are YCH (You Character Here aka pay to have them put in). Whoever did the final art was able ot make the characters consistent and none of them really seemed out of place.Music - I was impressed. Very nice music. It's not going to be for everyone but then again what ever is?Replayability/Achievement - If you like to achievement hunt, you got it. 136 to get, some require really screwy choices (Scumbag Saviour being the most obvious). While the writting is mostly the same, the choices you make do in fact alter a lot of dialogue and the two endings. You won't be logging hundreds of hours in this, but I got a good solid 17-18 or so.CONS:Characters - Some of them are written badly. Maxine Armstrong and Nagi come to mind. Both are very inconsistent in how they are written and while they try to make them sympathetic or relatable they kinda fail. (Sorry Nagi, you don't get to do what you did and claim the ""I'm actually the good guy"" card.) Others can come across as arrogant or stupid but generally the writing and the backstories (if you unlock them) make them a lot more relatable. Shock, Kila and Rook all fall into this category.Art - Also some of the art is poorly chosen. Caylen and Kabu are the prime examples. They always look like beggers even when they weren't. Not sure why they didn't make more sprites. Also, that brings up the lack of different sprites. All the characters seem to have two. One you see the first time they show up, and then the forever default one. They rarely change between them. I think the story would have been helped if they had more sprites.Some game mechanics: Ok the constant auto save pop-ups can suck an egg. Way to many of them and they sometimes break the flow of the story. You don't need 50 odd save points. Have 1 at the chapter's end and the option to save when you want to. Also, would it hurt to make stuff you've seen before go faster? It is doable, Blackgate has a feature that auto skips all dialogue you've seen, stopping for new dialogue, choices or saves. I do know if you hold the button down it does speed it up but 1) That's awkward to do sometimes and 2) the game doesn't tell you.Wasted plot/Weird plot choices - This is a visual novel so this pops up sometimes. You'll never agree with everything the creator does and I was no exception. There were a few times I was going, ""WTF?"" but it was never game breaking. It was always, ""I would have done X and not Y"" or ""Why isn't this a choice? it seems obvious."" While I personally don't care about romance, a lot do and they lack of it is odd, especially seeing how Konrad is openly flirty with you regardless of your gender. I know Klace said it was meant to be open ended and use your imagination but dammit, sometimes I want to be told what happened!Out of game drama - I don't like to comment but it does come up if you read forums and the like. Thankfully Klace has seemed to knocked off being a twit about stuff and that seems to have sorted itself out but it can and does leave a bad taste in ones mouth if you care about it.OVERALL:I would recommend it. While furries might not be your cup of tea, I think there's enough here to warrent an actual playthrough. The first time I got the true ending I was a bit misty eyed. So yeah. A game about fluffy cartoon furries made me tear up a little. That's doing something right. Give it a shot at the very least. I would try and get it on sale as it is a bit pricey and once you've seen all the ending there is no reply value worth mentioning.I give Major/Minor 8 out of 10."
,Recommended,475490,26087725,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Jacko Hyena,Fantastic game! Definitely recommend to anyone!
76561198335200343,Recommended,475490,26602354,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Keevwolfking,"I love this game, i love the characters and the plot and all of its details. but what i love most about the game is how when i start playing the game cuts out amd i have to start all over again #lifegoals. ive had this game for a month and havent made it past the name introductions lol."
,Recommended,475490,26111007,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,EggsBee,I swear I'm not a furry I got the game for free :$...hehe xd -hides my tail-NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOexposed ;-;
,Recommended,475490,30455013,Posted: 11 March,all,Yuri♥,Wanna Yiff?
,Recommended,475490,32960137,Posted: 28 June,all,Spark,"8250/10This game is awesome,only if you like visual novels.(Or if you are a furry)"
,Recommended,475490,26033608,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,LT . Hikari,"Alrighty i played a decent ammount of time so far to make a judgement.SO FAR MY IMPRESSIONS ARE AS FOLLOWS:ive never played a game like this before so it was very uniqe to try this and i cant wait to finish it to be honest.The characters are very lovable and funny, the game has this bizarre tone to it most of the time so far but you know what....i actually like it.The conversation in this game doesnt make you feel like an uneducated person.and to top it all off its very culture rich with the story.rating from me so far: 8/10"
,Recommended,475490,26233085,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,That One Lewd Cabbit,"I havent felt this emotional in a long time. from emotions like anger, sadness, this game is one roller coaster and had a better ending than mass effect 3. I can't really find too many things to gripe about with this game so here's the rundown.Pros:-Great storytelling-Trump character that does better than the actual trump-Loveable cast-multiple endings-high replayability (if going for achievements)Cons:-Can't save unless the game asks you-pacing of saving seems off. (I'm looking at chapter 10 to be exact)-not much is out on this game yetOverall I'd give this an 8/10"
76561198043731379,Recommended,475490,30138384,Posted: 24 February,all,Ruarc Black,"I absolutely adore this game, rarely does a game bring tears to my eyes but this is masterfully crafted and written. The choices have incredible weight and more than once did I find myself pausing to reflect on the decisions that I would be making. Thank you for the wonderful experience, it drove me to stay up well past when I had to get to sleep but even though I didn't get the true ending this time through I am extremely satisfied with this ending. I will definately give it a replay after I get some sleep. Thank you again for this game, I highly recommend it to anyone."
76561198039913549,Recommended,475490,30740848,Posted: 25 March,all,ripley997,"I can see why some people have complained about both editions of Major/Minor. The only gripe i have about the game is that there is not much voice acting at all, and to me that sort of makes the game feel a little cold and impersonal. Other than that, I say to you Klace, you have done an awesome job making people reimagine and reexamine what a roleplaying game is and what a Visual Novel game is."
,Recommended,475490,26340804,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,CoyoteGirl26,Game made me cry :( Beautiful writting. Fantastic artwork. Klace you are very talented!
,Recommended,475490,27834481,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Amethyst Amulet,I thought the game storyline was amazing it had pretty much no flaws except for I wish there was more times where you could make your decisions of the part where you pick a response as well as some of them able to have more options like maybe having an introverted decision in an argument or maybe just being able to say you side with both for different reasons other then that it was a very solid enjoyable game and maybe in the next one make a bit more endings and maybe be able to change some of the stuff from happening such as the tavern attack and other things
76561198214572816,Recommended,475490,26032893,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Velasquez,"This visual novel is simply amazing. It puts you through one helluva emotional rollercoaster and makes you question wether the decisions you make are the ""right"" ones. Definately one of my all time favorites"
76561198095113830,Recommended,475490,32966109,Posted: 28 June,all,VereTheWolf,"this game has a awsome story, and gets your heart time and time again."
,Recommended,475490,26098343,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Kyrodo,"A bit short, but I enjoyed it. It was definitely worth the experience. I liked the story, and there isn't much I would change about it content wise.There were only 2 things it was lacking that I felt would've made it more enjoyable.One being adding emotion portraits for most of the characters (sad, angry, wounded, scared?). Not all of them need a full range of emotions, just enough to make them come to life, give a little more punch to their dialogue, especially during important parts like when their telling their life story.Second being an auto/fast-skip that only works on text the player has already seen before (ever since owning the game). That's the way I see it typically done in most visual novel style games like 999, Virtue's Last Reward, and even BlazBlue. The first time they read anything, you have to sit through it and wait for the text to complete before being able to advance. Second time, you can hit Auto and it will keep streaming through text quickly until a decision appears, or until running into something the player hasn't seen before. I mean you can hold the left mouse button down, but it isn't nearly fast enough on its own, particularly when sitting through all those scenes where the main character isn't even present every time you start a new game. Either that or another idea is just make scenes that are unaffected by the player's choices completely skippable. I feel that would make it less of a pain to start from the beginning to try out other choices or go for achievements.Those are the only 2 additions I would push for. A much lower priority third would be to add some high definition backgrounds to replace the current ones, and maybe special scenes for the more dynamic events."
,Recommended,475490,25758532,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,[OwO] EZ_Husky,nice story line and characters
76561198200224107,Recommended,475490,29795301,Posted: 8 February,all,Yooran Choi,I love the game great story great characters only a few problems1:The profile backgrounds can not be seen on your profiles that well most of the characters are cut off2:Inumi needs a background and emoticon (My fav character <3)
,Recommended,475490,27618159,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MightyFeather,Best story ♥
76561198115504796,Recommended,475490,32800188,Posted: 25 June,all,[M-N-H] Velious,Acheron is bae
,Recommended,475490,29237341,Posted: 13 January,all,🐾Viacell🐾,"Truly a stellar game that outshines most visual novels, it's simple yet intriguing characters put a very good impression on me. I hope there would be more chapter as I don't want this story to end. Good job to you, the player and a huge round of applause to the amazing creators. I prefer this to anyone who loves immersive visual novels. Or who is a furry..."
,Recommended,475490,29379327,Posted: 20 January,all,Mansh,"I love this game. Thx for the advice, Kersher.Characters. They are nice and their lifestories is interesting and unique.Plot. I can say 10/10 best plot that I've seen.Soundtrack. Very nice. I added some tracks  in my playlist.Dialogues.IMMERSION!Maximum immersion.Conclushion. Must have everyone w/o exceptions."
76561198107777622,Recommended,475490,29127340,Posted: 8 January,all,Andulin,"Don't let the furry charcters deter you. Major/Minor is a lovingly written visual novel that truly stands well above its competitors. The story is an engaging, dimension-hopping, heartfelt adventure; the music and character art is beautiful; and the choices (though few) are often difficult and have a visible impact. Give this a shot if your looking for a visual novel on steam that is actually good. As for me, I'm off to find the other endings."
76561198025604634,Recommended,475490,29163242,Posted: 10 January,all,starkwolf,"At first I was pretty suspicious of a $20 pricetag for something that was basically a comic book in videogame format.I have found this game to be well wroth it, personally.Don't worry about the content, there is plenty of it. Took me 11 hours to get through a single ending.In regards to the story, it has a feel very much like if you combined Undertale, Dr. Who, and Game of Thrones. If you like even one of these, and are at least neutral on the other two, I recommend this.Very minor spoilers, going into some detailUndertale:Like Undertale, there is a lot of heartache and quirky characters, as well as a strong emphasis on your decisions. It has a strong theme of despair VS hope.Dr. Who:Time does get messed with (as you discover shortly in). There is also quite a bit of jumping between worlds, and complex plots that result from these different worlds and time manipulation.Game of Thrones: I have not actually watched a lot of it myself, but a few things based on its reputation and what I have seen.This game features a lot of intrigue and power struggles. Also, a number of characters do get killed off (not hard to figure out after exposure to certain pieces of information provided early). I have to remind myself that the characters that were killed off are ficticious.I really do think these three stories are good indicators to help a prospective buyer determine if this game will be worth the $20 to them."
,Recommended,475490,27954334,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SighButtons,its ok i did it for the cards
,Recommended,475490,30970720,Posted: 5 April,all,Razzle Joestar,"Alright, let's get this over with.So I'll come out and say it - I enjoyed this game thoroughly. Yes, it has its flaws, but you know what? It took some unexpected turns. There were choices that I didn't even expect to make - I mean, choosing between two characters AND being the one to kill the other character? Whoa, that's pretty harsh. I also didn't expect the theme of dealing with death, greif, and moving on. Right on for tackling those themes sparkledog.I loved the characters, I got a kick out of the music - even if it was stock RPG Maker music (at least he credited the person - and yes, it seems like you're allowed to use the music in commercial products). Well, most of the music. The main theme (And I'll assume the music heard during the end of the game. I mean, THE END of the game wink wink) was written by Fox Amoore, with some of the most sappiest bubbly pop songs appearing during the ending - wow, right up my alley!My main issue is the pacing. Oh dear buttery Exodus the pacing killed me at times. You really could do without having SO MUCH dialogue and SO MUCH observation by the narrator. You gotta really learn that you don't have to narrate every single little thing buddy. And that doens't mean cuting out scenes - just...smoothing the dialogue, excising unneeded words/details...and on second thought, it'd be nice if the characters had voices that all stood out juuust a little bit more.Regarding the past drama from this game - yes, what Klace did was horrible. But you know what? The guy fessed up and apologized for it, and while that doesn't erase what he did, it at the very least shows that he's capable of recognizing when he's in error and making attempts to make amends. Bravo dude.So overall...(I've always wanted to do this)...the Final Verdict for Major\Minor....is a SEVEN out of TEN. I'd give it an above average score - yes, 5 is average on the RZJ Scale. The plot is essentially what saved this game from the average heap. Once things kick off they get intense - and there's a quick-turning labryinth of twists and turns, some of which totally blindside the player. And yeah, there are some pretty emotional scenes. Klace did a good job of making me wonder if I needed a tissue box.While I did click for this to be ""Reccomended"", I'd really only reccomend to folks who are willing to give their stories some time. A LOT of time. This is a song that starts off really slow, but picks up once it hits its stride. And no, I'm not saying this because OMFG FURRIES! This is my own legitmate, unbiased opinion.So if all that seems okay? Check it out. Perhaps you too can become a Savior like the rest of us."
76561198072477537,Recommended,475490,32887804,Posted: 27 June,all,K'Joor,"10/10Would play againOh wait, I canThis game is great, man"
,Recommended,475490,26094520,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Crow the Changeling,"Great storyline, you feel the rush of lots of emotions that either make you cry of even feel happy and even confused. At first it's confusing... Well for me for a moment but when your progress though your not confused anymore.The music in the game makes you feel like your right in the story.If your feeling like playing a game that revolves what you do I would advise playing this game.If your not hooked at first play more,not just quit like so many people do when they buy a game they think they will like."
,Recommended,475490,26446181,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Squeaker,First of all OMG yess. from the moment I saw it I was like YES.the story is soooo involving.personaly I enjoyed every second of it. I even cried for like 45min at the end cause it was so involving.A really great job and I hope to see more. cause I'll be one of the first to buy it.
76561198393410102,Recommended,475490,34235688,Posted: 14 August,all,wolf_warrior170,i like this game keep up a good work
,Not Recommended,475490,33319580,Posted: 6 July,all,Foxenheit,This game is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥don't even try to buy it.
76561198118854015,Recommended,475490,28226976,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Flare The Fox,"I'm at a lost of words for this game. They put so much effort in this game and it got my love for the music and artwork also the story line, I can't talk mostly about how its great because if I do I might spoil something. This game is one of the FEW games that made cry. This game is worth buying and playing, this game will affects how I look at life in general.I personally thank the people who made this game possible and I hope they keep up the good work."
,Recommended,475490,32375768,Posted: 12 June,all,Axle,"Lovely character art, engaging storyline and plenty of paths to make each playthrough different from the last!"
76561198092308605,Recommended,475490,29767283,Posted: 7 February,all,Prime,A short review: I think the game is good.Nice soundtrack and visuals but I found three things I didn't like.First you cant save when you want.Second the story is for the most part linear and third no romance other than a few friendship scenes.Still a good game especially for furry fans. 7/10
76561198192949942,Recommended,475490,26016121,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,PZ II LUCHS,"how in the holy hell does this game have  the ""illuminati"" tag?anyways onto the actual review, ive got this version of the game for free and the game options dont come up often but the story is better than any other game ive ever played. If you are a furry you will love this game for its art.[apart from Dazz and her skeleton thin stomache like wtf that corsette crushed her organs to 4 inches]"
76561198031322547,Recommended,475490,30684966,Posted: 23 March,all,Laser Fox,Very good story with lots of plot twists. Trying to get the multiple endings now. Can only recommend it.
76561198162176657,Recommended,475490,30866270,Posted: 31 March,all,< blank >,I cant stop playing this game. The art is Amazing and the story its just wow. Its the best story driven game I have ever played and is a must have for all fans of this art style10/10 a must buy for furries
,Recommended,475490,30510307,Posted: 14 March,all,Furry meme,iss good gamefurries nd ego stroking of the main devalso qt furry trap waifus
,Recommended,475490,23623586,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Cheebscake,"Blah Blah Blah Deininitive isn't really different from regular who cares this game is great. Only problem is the new character portraits that appear when you first meet somebody jesus christ.Dora: Can you say ""nightmare fuel"" in Spanish?No! Bad Dora! Go back to the dungeons!Dora:♥♥♥♥♥♥Kila's eyes stare into my soul. Send help."
76561198097861974,Recommended,475490,26036986,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Darkwaterfox,"This gets a strong 9/10 from meWhat it did was amazing.-Great story-Great music-Great characters-Amazing artWhat it could've done better-More story changing answersIf you're a furry, you'll love this game if you don't already have it.If not, you'll love it for the story."
76561198375031459,Recommended,475490,30957353,Posted: 5 April,all,wilson_fur,Awesome game/visual novel! I can't wait till Winds of Change releases!
76561198189514566,Recommended,475490,31062502,Posted: 10 April,all,oscar chan,"Major/Minor-- A furry tale of terror, mystery, salvation and perfection.(Minor spoiler alert)Published about a year ago, this game is a great tale about its characters. Starting in Tokyo, you are a (insert fursona here) who is going on a tale on your existence and find out who you really are.Who knows that a world tour would come to a hellish conclusion? Actually, you are the last person on Earth who is able to save this world as well as another mysterious world in another corner of this big iceberg of the universe. (Honestly, this is not even a spoiler.)As for this wonderful story, the characters are vivid and imaginative. Not only that, but the artwork is splendid as well. (I noticed that there are some comments pulverizing the artwork. Clearly, they might be masters. But at least to a newbie artist as me, these are masterpieces.) Not only the artwork, but the characters are portrayed in a special way as well. Some might be hiding something, but turns out their appearance seemed to be the most pure and innocent. Someone might be cold as stone. But turns out, a big softie inside. Some are highly intelligent. In fact, so intelligent that they might be doubting themselves! ""Character"" is the most important for the characters. Guess what? The story did all this. I understand that the characters might have almost the same faces throughout the entire story. But as a music composer, lyrist, and a pianist, I know that every piece of artwork is made out carefully with vivid detail. So to me, it is acceptable.Not only the characters, but also the storyline. The storyline itself is fantastic. Although I would appreciate if you can be less clueless at the start. (Spoiler alert) You are unaware of a strange man talking about your existence, and things just turning out all over and over, more disastrous. Well, some people might like it. Some people crave to know more. (Like me. For the days I played this, the characters and plot were in my mind all the time.) But someone might call this......let's be straightforward. Bullsh*t. But as things cleared up, everyone gets their own role. And they start to blend together. However, as a philosopher once said: ""To be truly positive in the eyes of some, you have to risk appearing negative in the eyes of others."" A story can never please everyone. If anyone has any negative opinion on it, it's all a free country to me. Everyone has their right to speak.As for the money problem......some might say that the people paid lots of money for the developer so that they can be in the story. While I, terribly sorry, say that this is a false statement. The furries I interacted with and known all have their passion in art. Sure. There might be donors from Patreon, donations in DeviantArt, and so on, and so on. But they work for their own lives. They create artwork to protect their living. So I'd say that the money problem is none of our concern and only thought of as a way of living and surviving in this glossy and spectacular world.For the writing, I'd be a bit more negative. The main reason is a lack of vocabulary more than typos and errors in the story. Vocabulary reflects what they are like. What are the thoughts inside the pretty faces. Of course. The wise ones might say more sophisticated vocabulary. But in this game, the king (I won't mention his name here.) did not include too much of it. However, the more causal characters, like the witty mercenary (I won't mention his name here either.), has included lots of words we won't use for daily communication. Surely, the errors and the typos are one of the biggest reasons why people complain about this game. But to me, it's normal. This story is, upon estimation, more than a hundred thousand words. For this game is not a published work officially selling in E-bay or Amazon, this is just anything you'd see in Fictionpress. Remember. We all made lots of mistakes. But what's the most important is to make amends and start anew again.For the flow of the story, I am here to clarify one thing. (Note: I am NOT an acquaintance of the writer of the story.) The ""flow"" of the story actually means how other characters will interact and talk to you. Rather than things playing out differently. For example, in the middle part of the story, you can choose to be with the assassins, or the mercenaries. Which then you can talk to them differently and have different dialogues with knowing different information. To me, it is hard to have multiple endings with a visual, interactive novel. Therefore, it is acceptable that it can be like this. Rather than the high ideals people hope for.The music is fantastical to the musical ear. Well-written, actually. Some of the parts are technically challenging while some are magical and wonderful. Something I'd call ecstatic. Especially the orchestra theme. (Which happens in the back of the story when you dance with someone.) It's pure beauty and I can sense a orchestra coming from heaven. (Note: I, am a piano student which has an AT certification, and dedicated his life in creating, listening and loving music. So if someone wants a piano battle, so be it.)For the dialogue, some might say that awkward expressions might affect the content and the language. But to me, this is another way to convey characteristics. For example. They second character you meet (A blue creature), is highly energetic and hyper. It may utter incomplete sentences. But this said to me, by the fact that his brain processes faster than his mouth. Kind of......de-syncing. This is only an example. Another example is a red creature who is vigilant and strong in character. Then, in his speech in the middle of the story, his words are more like......Lincoln? I cannot describe it. But this is only a way to express your emotions. So I'd chalk it up as a false if this affected any of the content.However, one last thing, about the lags throughout the game, I'd say that this is perhaps the biggest drawback. After-all, no one likes to play battlefield 1 or Left4Dead with lags all along! And yes. I somehow thought that there are more than 100 times that the game has lagged. And 2 times in which caused the system to malfunction. The programming could be more improved. But otherwise, very great game.Now, if you ask me about my opinions on characters, I'd list the ones with the most affection on me. (Note that I'd only say their appearance. But not their names.)The energetic, blue squirrel is a kind-hearted fellow. He stays with you throughout the entire journey and never hesitates to ask you how you feel or how are you holding up. Moreover, he is hiding something. But it is for his family. And, believe it or not. I cried when I learned this fact.The red dragon is by far the best one I've ever seen. He's the handsomest. And also, intrepid and vigilant. Being a professional worker with high intelligence, he saved everyone from dying in the vixen's hands and conducted the world tour safely. Part of me worries about his health. Since he hides his emotions intently to keep his professional image, he might make himself go insane or catch a depression. Uh, just a private note. He's the hottest. Not kidding. Very sexy. And a great singing voice, I assume?I guess this is all the time I have to express my feelings. I want to say, that I DO NOT KNOW these characters and I DO NOT made acquaintance with any developers or artists. All are brand new to me and it is by first expression. However, it has impressed me. I'm sure, that tall tail studios, will continue to make splendid novels with great artwork and music to entertain us with its characters staying in our minds, or perhaps, our own Wayfarer's Tavern, to flourish, and grow. Please note that I will continue to support this studio and is open to disagreement should you have a negative stance against me. I thank you for your time to listen to my opinion and wish you have a merry time admiring the splendid writing of this masterpiece!"
,Recommended,475490,26095266,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Voltaire_Fox,"I have to start off by saying that this is one of the best games Ive played in a long time. It has a great story line, memorable charicters, a great soundtrack, and a satisfying ending. my personal favorite charicter is either conrad or max. If I had to choose between this game, final fantasy 3 (my favorite game), and Gmod, this game would win anyday. Overall, I'd rate this game a 10/10 and would recomend it to anyone."
76561198323813716,Recommended,475490,28264252,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Damon Swift,"There is a problem with the save system. I can't start a new game without getting an error saying ""undefined is not an action"". Aside from this, I get the same error later in the game on my original save file. I can't get around it, so the game is basically locked. The only playable part is a few lines of dialog between my last save and the error.I have tried deleting local content and redownloading it all, but the problem persists. I paid for a broken game...On the other hand, the story seems nice, and I like the graphics and the characters. Please just fix it."
,Recommended,475490,28179033,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Zin Dexzy,"""Loser Simulator Complete Edition"""
76561198369571958,Recommended,475490,31009310,Posted: 7 April,all,Duncan213,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ awsome!Getting the regal ending first was a thrill! I didn't even exspect being Zapped into another timeline after the credits. The use of quantom physics is a cleaver use to exspand the motyverse theary as part of the plot was vary cleaver.Follow up: When you play this game this is so story ritch you should keep a lot of notes. Lots of notes!
,Recommended,475490,29689217,Posted: 4 February,all,ROTDPJ,"Ok, honestly, not what I had expected. I love visual novels, and im willing to explore new thinds. I read reviews that said that this was only for furries, that the people that play this are ♥♥♥♥, gays, anything that can turn you away from the game. Many said that this is very confusing, which I can agree is true. Although, if you actually played through to the ending, then it gets explained, EVERY ASPECT OF IT WAS AWESOMLY WELL THOUGHT OUT. If I do say so myself, it was as good as Undertale when it comes to how you feel for the characters that you meet, and the choices you make can fill you with joy, or make you really sad. All im saying is, try this game, I would like a sequel. And if Klace, the creator could see this, this is proboably one of the best games ive ever played, you deserve to make more. This has made a personaltop 10 for me, so agian Klace, MAKE MORE! And to others reading this comment, its worth the money but you have to have the patence for it. Agian, a great game that deserves more credit than it has."
,Recommended,475490,26021080,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Din,"First and foremost - Its a furry-related game. If you don't like furries, shoo. No, don't. Really.This game is very, very, feelsy, well it has a lot of emotion put into the scenerioes, and the characters you develop bonds with, holy moley...Klace did do a good job on the bonds, let me tell you that. (No, its not anything pron related, get out of here pron sterotyping people :v )This game, if I had to rate it based on different aspects well...Difficulty - 0/10-Its a visionary moral storytale. How hard can that be? Wait...feels, right, crap...Emotion - 20/10-I'm not saying I cried at least once in the game, I'm just saying some chapters, some events, some things got me a bit teary eyed.-Got to dance with Konrad. Yis.Story - 10/10-Very well thought out, each choice seems it does affect the gameplay later on. Its also interesting how said choices play out, too!-Various endings, and even though I just got through with one, and I'm still recovering from the feels.-The story does grab you right from the start. You meet one character, then another, then something happens, and boom. You want to continue forth. Good strategy IMO!-Well thought out - Its not one of those that are in it just for a short story, its actually...The words and such used, are so well placed, that every line leaves you wanting to know more. (I at least wondered about a few characters when they were introduced, or an event happened regarding a specific character)-Different atmospheres in a single game. Could be a spoiler, but I'll just leave it at that. x3Overall - 10/10For a game that is furry themed, I didn't just think of it as just that. I went into this game thinking it would be a feelsy-type game, but I was right...but I didn't expect -that- much feels. Like geez, Klace. Calm -down- on the feels. ;u;Besides, even if it is furry-themed, its far from any of the furry sterotypes out there, such as the obvious one I mentioned up there. This game is definately one if you want a emotion roller-coaster. It will make you laugh one scene, then be saddened next...or happy, then angry at the choice you made back in a previous chapter (*Cough* >_> )Pretty much, buy this game if you want your emotions tied up so much, you want to vomit rainbows.And also if you want to dance with a black/blue wolf omg Konrad. ;w;"
76561198152700168,Recommended,475490,26218177,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Ringo,By far the best interactive visual novell ive played
76561198216191585,Recommended,475490,26042735,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,DERP SQAUD! ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),i find this game pointing more to the furry fandom than a normal gamer i havent seen that in a long time (or maybe im just blind) but its more of a book type of game i only got like maybe 1.2% in this game so dont use my comment for debate of buy or dont im just sayin its a good game
76561198271086467,Not Recommended,475490,28844130,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,squidward tortellini,"when i saw the word ""murders"" i expected to have more then a few furries getting killed -1/10 would rather play a undertale fnaf crossoverhere are some pros and some conspros:*no sex in the game  good job furrys u made somthing without porn (not in the game atlest)*atlest some die*made me re think my life choices*most of them atlest wears shirts and pants ( also no super big d*cks in the pants on the males so thats a other thing they did good)*made me watch 10 hours of dunk maymays*this game knows how many genders there are ( good jobs furrys you showed me you are not idiots)*stoped playing the game*made call of duty infinite warfare look good*game set in japan yet they only roast anime ( ha gg dudes)*...*thats itcons:*so many furries*gave me crippling depression*gave me aids*gave me stage 4 cancer*got alcoholism from all the vodka i drank to play 5 minutes of the game*gave me diabetes*now im a drug addict* i dont even know the genders of half of them*dont even know wtf most the furries even are (like wtf i is one of them a weasel or something)*there fur colors gave me a seizure ( there like a god*amn rainbow on drugs)*i think 2 rabbits in the game are transgender or something*most of the game made me feel like a therapist ( i thought im saving the world from a killer not helping with peoples problems and making there life choices for them)*i got sexually harassed within 5 minutes in the game when a german sheperd touched my shoulder( i guess i dont like dogs anymore)*got even more sexually harassed when a blue squirrel bumped in to me (just 5 more minutes in the game )*goddam*it did the furries forgot to show the girls what bras are*holy sh*t tell the girls to put a shirt on (and yes i just asumed there genders(get triggerd))*i cant sexually identify as an gold plated kolibri pistol with a extended magazine and got triggered*had more feels for a potato ( they kill some skrub lord that you never even meet and try to make u feel sad)*i think i got hit on by a wolf (im not sure becuse i dont know if its a male or not (if yea what are you fuqing gay))*i think i saw the same wolf in a dead space furry fan art( and ruined my love for dead space) when i whent on ifunny (stahp posting furrys on that im there for memes not for that sh*t its called ifunny not ifurry)*i dont even know whats going on in the game (nor do i give a sh*t)*im going to finish this game at some point*makes sans puns look good*gave me nightmares where i was trying surviving from them with a machete ( it was fun)*i get triggered and gives me vietnam flashbacks when i hear the word major or minor*made me hate wolfs (they use to be my favorite animal i guess i like snakes now)*there is some wierd lizard thing that does not know the definition of shirt or how to button a lab coat ( how is that thing even a furry)* some bird thing that has no reason to be there (HOW IS THAT A FURRY ITS A BIRD)*got puned by a bear*i think a black lion is gay or somethingend note:this game killed me inside and will be stuck with me foreverthe only reason that i would recommend this game is if your a furry yourself and cant find a game were the furrys are always having sex"
76561198296454767,Recommended,475490,28452888,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Kill3r667,"So I wrote a review before i finished the game giving it a 9/10... Which to me after playing this is completely selfish of me. This is one of the best games I've played in a while, and thats saying something sense i dont really like RPGs mostly. This game showed many emotions, so many characteristiscs, so much to take in... I give this game a definent- 20/10 it was so good. though I'm writing this review just moments after the end of the game and im still sheding tears, NO JOKE... I'm still crying from that beautiful ending. Thank you very much for a beautiful game like this!!I can't wait to see what the creator is capable of next, this i saw from the page was the only game that they made, and am vert exited to see whats next! I will be looking for more games from this creator.well I'm going to stop myself from crying now. Thank you very much once again!!!"
76561198108020458,Recommended,475490,28995924,Posted: 3 January,all,Hindai(Arrow),"I love it!It's more like reading a book than a game, but if ALL books were like this. I'd be the biggest book worm in the world!I love this!So many twists and turns.So many 'No....' moments.So many tear jerking moments, I shed a bunch in several...SEVERAL parts!High recommended, to try it!It's a great story!Brovo to the creators! Please, make more story's of this style! <3"
76561198113724977,Recommended,475490,29041275,Posted: 5 January,all,TurboRex300,"Where can I begin? Wow...what a story...This is less of a review and more of me ranting and rambling on what I did and how I felt. Lots of random thoughts entered this review, expect it to jump around a little.(Just in case the code does not work in the review, SPOILERS below)I wish I could give Major/Minor a fair review, I really wish I could. I am too invested in this world and the characters; it was all I could think about until I finished. I wanted closure, I wanted that happy ending.So many wonderful characters died, it made me more obsessed to complete the game. I stayed up late to finish it, and now I want to explore more of it to get the best possible scenario.Any game that gets me to cry is seriously considered by me to be well written, so that I can say for sure. All other points I could make are possibly biased; wether I liked the characters more because I am a furry or not, for example, I am not sure. One thing I can say for sure, this was one hell of a ride, and I wouldn't overlook this game just becuase of the furry factor. Like the argument I'd make for Dust, an Elysian Tail, you'd be missing out for sure.Instead of talking about wether the game was good or not, I'd like to share my experience and how the game made me feel. I decided to remain truthful in chapter one on my first desicion, much to Rook's dismay.This was my first mistake in the long run; not knowing I'd have to bond with Rook so early. My second mistake was starting the Eclair storyline, not the Jade storyline. I missed so many TEF's (true Ending Flags) in that path alone it screwed me over.Strill, I tried to be nice to everyone and bond with as many characters as possible, but it started to get confusing and hard.In Chapter 2 I found myselfTrusting Reiyo a little too much, I just assumed he didn't have much to hide for some reason. It was around chapter 3 that I started not trusting many of the characters, starting when Righty told me about the assassins' loyalty to the king. By chapter 4 I had no idea who had caused the murders, and this in turn caused me some anxiety. Every character seemed to have a second agenda, and the more people i saw in the Ark in flashbacks the more hurt I felt. I thought at least I could trust Kila with my secrets, until i learned who he was much later.It ate away at me that I'd lost my trust in everyone. I didn't want to pick a side; at one point, I wanted to get the hell away from everybody and figure out this mess for myself. I'd even lost trust in Reiyo and Kila, who I thought were the last people I'd abandon trust in. Still, I forgave and pushed on. That is a flaw of mine, I let people walk over me more than I should, and even though I was upset I still found myself forgiving.Actually, there was one character I trusted, and this is why I saved Rook over Kila in chapter 6. At this point I only wanted one thing though; blood. This duty as savior put upon me was too much, and I didn't want it anymore. I just wanted to stop the madness and bring everyone back, but at the same time I didn't want anything to do with it anymore. I almost quit, actually; the story became personal and distressing for me.In a way, I strill do feel stressed. Stressed I didn't get the best ending, stressed Ilet everyone down, and that my virtual friends forgot about me.My one biggest regret though is Shock. When I was in the bunker, everyone and I mean everyone poured their stories and hearts out to me--except him. I hadn't done enough to get his affection, and that was my final mistake.I should say something analytical about the game. I'd heartily reccomend it to fans who crave a good story, but I would not reccomend it to those like myself who easily get emotionally distressed. There will be a lot of hard desicions to make in this game. I should have seen that coming, at least, do not take the game's warning lightly.Maybe I'm myself not fit to be a savior. But I'm going to play through this game one more time, and this time I'm going to set things right. I know what to do now. I know what to expect. And I'll do my best to help and bond with everyone. Perhaps then I will feel more at ease, knowing everything is ok. If not, I'm not sure what I'll do. At least, I hope the better ending will put me at ease. Then I can finally rest easy knowing this all wasn't in vain."
,Recommended,475490,28612524,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Zodiac92x,The story was gripping and intense.  You're decisions really make a difference. Looking forward to whatever klace has in store for us next.
76561198271051922,Recommended,475490,25675146,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Lura Harenose,"I really love this game! The story is amazing, and so is the characthers! It's also great that the main characther dosn't have a face, so you can imange it being your fursona! It is a great way to spend time, and can't wait for the next chapter to be added!(copied from my older rewiev, but I still freaking love this game)"
76561198070060242,Recommended,475490,32838555,Posted: 26 June,all,LoneFox_13,"This game dose a real good job of give no wrong choice , each choice and character fell equal in importants (unlike Tale Tale studios games where a choice is easy to tell your being a jerk or evil ) as well as there no true ending (as far as i know i need to look up a guide to see how many other ending i can get)"
,Recommended,475490,29878201,Posted: 12 February,all,היי לירון Levi߷th߷n,Lixah: wait you actually enjoyed major/minor ?HexoSlaya369: yeah it was alrightLixah: fair enough
76561198103513709,Recommended,475490,26102696,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Your Laobu 🐾,"I dont Realy Care about those Bad Reviews,As long i Love Furrys,i Support this Game."
,Recommended,475490,32005107,Posted: 27 May,all,Carbon the husky,an awesome game :D would definitely recommend you get it :D
,Recommended,475490,33108189,Posted: 1 July,all,Akeelah Kristal Tate💜💙💚,i love this game
,Recommended,475490,23091332,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Etherandir,"I'm looking forword to the new story and new characters.although the game has some deficiencies, there are some nice parts. I love the characters, Max, Dazz, Singe, Velasquez, Klace and so on, succinctly operation, the story make me simple to comprehend.I think it will be better in the future, and I will paid more attention and hopes to it.Max is so charming and beautiful~"
,Recommended,475490,23088251,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Silver-Fox,"I enjoy this game's story thus far, due to it being driven by the choices the player makes. i also enjoyed the first set of chapters and can't wait for the new ones to come."
,Recommended,475490,23087918,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Porsche 911,"Honestly, i enjoyed it. Sometimes, the length of the cutscenes disconect me from the story because i dont make any choices and i dont feel with my character...I Played The Previous One First, And Realized This Was A Remastering, So... Get It. Its CoolWho knowsIm A Fox On The Internet Playing A Furry Visual Novel."
,Recommended,475490,23087276,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Spirit Omega Wolf,The updates to this game just make it get better and better.Got to be one of the best games like this I've ever played.
,Recommended,475490,23088725,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,MACMAN2003,"Despite what most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s say, this game isnt that bad. this game (for the lack of a better description) is similar to minecraft story mode (as in your choices impact much and this is story intense) and plus if YOU worked on a game for [insert time it takes to make a game here] and it gets a bad rep, you probably would ♥♥♥♥ your pants and scream (becuase thats what most inconsiderate 8-year olds do) so if you dont like the game, you dont like it. but as people say to religious people, DONT. FORCE. YOUR. BELIEFS. ON. OTHERS. becuase of all the bad reputation this game is getting a lot (and i mean A LOT OF ♥♥♥♥ING PEOPLE aren't getting this game becuase you are forcing your beliefs on people) i played this game all the way to the credits. the guy worked HARD on this. (and as what most inconsiderate 8-year olds do) you have to ♥♥♥♥ing ruin this guys life just becuase you didnt like his game. just becuase it doesnt have violence (unlike ♥♥♥ of doodie advanced ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t) i may not be a furry, but this game is good. go back to CoD you inconsiderate 8-year old ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, AND THINK TWICE BEFORE YOU WRITE A BAD REVIEW FOR THIS GAME. P.S. this is probably this guys first game."
76561198211508071,Recommended,475490,23087735,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Brynosaurus-rex,"I have two things to say about this game:1. I rate it 10/10, GO BUY IT NOW!!2. Even if you're not a furry, you can still play this game. Trust me, the story is centered around about life and death, and about the choices you make in the game. It's amazing!It's totally worth the $10."
76561198081468692,Recommended,475490,28521379,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Voss,"Plair: I will build a great wall. No-one will fix Terra better than me, believe me.Some♥♥♥♥♥with pink hair: *Goes on about some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t notes given to him by Furry Soros*Plair then proceedes to remove the shitlibs from his rally.10/10."
,Recommended,475490,28805183,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,tomadam20,I love this game it has a amazing story . This game also made me cry I hope you guys make more.
,Recommended,475490,23088677,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,MadDoggyca,"A Masterpiece so far in story telling, Five Chapters in and ever single time leaves me hanging on the edge wanting moreSome of the backgorunds makes the text hard to read since most the backgrounds have a Blurr effect.I really hope the dev follow through with all 12 Chapters...  Klace better not die in real life before the game is finished... (possible spoiler alert)On a side note this isn't a dating sim style... The story appreses to be as dark as hateful boyfrined AND  THAT WAS NOT, NO WERE CLOSE TO A DATING SIM... That was a very dark and twisted story/game.. I loved it8/10 (now only if the backgrounds were not blurred)"
,Recommended,475490,28859358,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Midnight Jade,this is a good game more refined that it was as an episodic game
,Recommended,475490,25824732,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Ayumu`,⠀⠀⠀
,Recommended,475490,23123718,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,YIFF,"Rating: 10/10(Please keep in mind that this is a Visual Novel, so there is a lot of reading and only a little bit of actual gameplay.)~This is high on my list of best games out there. The storyline is amazing and emotional, and I always feel for the characters, which always makes  me want to come back for more. I also like the art and soundtrack, which adds more to the experience. If you like Visual Novels, this game might be for you.(Whether you are a furry or not, I still highly recommend this game.)"
76561198204711463,Recommended,475490,23087320,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Naglesh,"Alright, another review for Major/Minor. This game doesn't really contain ""Gameplay"". All of the things you do in this game are either you reading, or you choosing one of a few choices. In my opinion it's a great game, and some will disagree with that. Remember that this game is not a dating simulator and is a visual novel."
76561198154817999,Recommended,475490,32349399,Posted: 11 June,all,Idk tbh XD,Loved it!
76561198090971603,Recommended,475490,29311676,Posted: 16 January,all,Dusk_Fennec_Fox,"Great Story, great charaters worth every cent so far im loving it <3"
,Recommended,475490,25831952,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,vix,Gorgeous characters! Interesting story
,Not Recommended,475490,34189233,Posted: 12 August,all,Volkanfury,Certified furry trashDo not buy
76561198056384924,Not Recommended,475490,28227157,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,cyacolw,Furries
76561198126197481,Recommended,475490,25993115,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Foxy Folix,"""An absolutely awesome story, as well as nice visual arts with fitting music""Definetly no regrets after finishing this game, I loved all of it, and ended up playing it until 5AM just to finish it, then I started playing it again to get a different ending. I loved every moment of it, all of you decisions reflect back on you in some way or form. There are nearly zero bugs, and the bugs that are there are fixed quickly. The game can be modded to improvise gameplay. The acheviments are reasonable and not completley unrealistic and the trading cards are the same as any other game you would play. I appreciate all the people involved in the making of this game, including Klace himself.I am making a few video on this game if you would like to check them out (Acheviement guides) and I also rated this game on furry amino, if you would like to check it out!"
76561198119272801,Recommended,475490,26066907,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,m.shay,+
,Recommended,475490,25917618,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Smol_Doe 🦌,Ok so this visual novel is one of the best things I have ever read. It keeps getting better with each chapter and continually surprised me with new twists and turns throughtout. Not to mention the amazing soundtrack that improves the overall experience. This VN will suck you in and you will end up lost in the story (in a good way). The first time I played I opened the game and was only going to play for an hour or two (this was at 8pm). After what felt like an hour I looked up and it was 4am!! This VN is both intense and addictive. I absolutly love it to bits. I'm definately keeping my fingers crossed for a sequal. I also love how your choices throughtout the story affect both your relationship with characters and the ending. There are some moments that made me cry and I still tear up every time I hear the theme. Honestly 10/10 Klace. Great job.
,Recommended,475490,26039224,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Scarabee,Furries! .w.
76561198329551355,Recommended,475490,25866299,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,cms.smallish,can anyone tellnme is there anything else like this? ty
76561198094076645,Recommended,475490,25992597,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,slushiwolf,"This is a awesome game to play. i live the storyline, the charter development and the music. i would totaly recommend this game to any one who likes alternate ending games"
76561198139811901,Recommended,475490,25747126,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Athena,"This game honestly is one of the better visual novels on steam. Each character feels unique in a way that you feel like you know their story. You come to love every character, which not only makes the game more interesting, but it also makes crucial decisions all that more difficult. Would highly recommend to anyone looking for something different, something that'll have an emotional impact unlike any other visual novel.Can't wait to see what comes next Klace!"
,Recommended,475490,25995925,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Ｐａｋａｒｉｎｅｎ ツ,"So i bought the game because it was -40% and i decided that the game is worth a try. But, i didn't expect it to be this good. Even though the game is a novel and what you can only do is affect the story by yourself and decide your name, but i like it.-very good storyline-lovable characters-the soundtrack-the fact that the music fits with the dialogues and the mood, it's just awesome-some points of the game are little bit emotionalI would also like to add that this is basically the only visual novel that i like, because every other visual novel is some anime related and i'm not really into that kind of stuff.i would say it's 3/5."
,Recommended,475490,28313483,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Alphatherius Wolf,"So, I deleted my last review about this game because I dont think I wrote it well, so, here is my second try:Major\Minor is a visual novel in a world of anthromorphic characters (Humans/Animals hybrids for dummies).I cant really say much of the story because i'm afraid to spoil the story for anybody who want to play it.The only thing I can say is its genre: mainly a You-are-the-hero story with a bit sci-fi and a bit of magic maybe? (Hey, the story is actually complicated to explain... I cant really say anything better...)I personnally really liked the game. The story was told in a very unique way if you ask me, many views on one subject...Also, it offers a different way of seeing the world, I personnaly questionned myself after playing throught the full game and I am still a bit confused beacause of this game... Yeah...I went throught all sort of emotions when I played this game: from joyfull to full on anger! From neutral to very sad... (I even cried at one point in the game... That's how much I like some of the characters...)The graphics are not the strongest point I must say... Yes, I absolutly LOVE the aspects of every characters, you can see by their looks what type of personnality they have and everything, but, the only problem is that it is only a still picture... Not much movement... (But, this is a visual novel, and not a hardcore FPS we are talking about here.)The music is sometimes out of sync and also sometimes not quite matching the current mood the scene express, but, overall, when it was at the right place at the right time, I got chills on some scenes and cried on others...I would recommend this game to anyone who like visual novels, its not for everyone, but there is no visual gore or anything (But in the text, there is some, so, parental discretion is advised a bit...). I also recommend this to people who like to think a bit more than average because, sometimes, characters talk about various deep subjects like the universe, some type of physics (I think it was Quantum mechanics actually, I not too sure...)Salty part, Beware:I would not recommend this game to any Furry haters, mainly, because the characters are mainly from this fandom (But there is no allusion to it in-game) and you will just go ahead and trash talk about a game that is ''ruined by furries'' for no obvious facts to substain those claims."
,Recommended,475490,26127799,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Fox,It's pretty good for a visual novel. Nothing special though.
76561198166479322,Recommended,475490,33968825,Posted: 2 August,all,pvt.joker,"I wasn't expecting much when I got this VN, maybe expecting much worse helped me enjoy it as much as I did. That being said, this game didn't ""blow me away"" or anything like that, it had a somewhat interesting concept, nothing that hasn't been done before but still interesting. The characters were nice but suffered from cliche backgrounds and somewhat bland personalities, it also bugged me that the performers didn't wear shirts at any point in the story, like I get that they're rock stars but come on.The story itself is not that bad but there are some bumps along the way. The beginning was somewhat hard to get into and I did end up taking a break from it for awhile. It does get somewhat better as it goes but again there is bumps like exposition dialogue that goes on for way too long and moments where they give away a twist way too early, like right after an suspensful moment and you start to doubt everything and then they show who is to blame right in the next scene.The art style of the characters is actually quite nice if somewhat a bit static, but that is sorta normal for VNs, there is only one character that changes their stance and facial expression but it's for short moments. The backgrounds are you're standard VN background where it's empty, bland and probably used from another source, some seem to be drawn while others looked like pictures taken IRL off the internet and it's a very small thing but it bothered me a lot more than it probably should've.When it comes to choices there is plenty and each leads to different dialogue and obviously different scenes and outcomes for some, but the scene changes and outcomes don't happen all the time and sometimes when they do the change is very small. There are only two endings and even though I wish there was more, the second ending is actually somewhat hard to get but that's just because you have to make the right decisions and I guarantee that it will take more than one playthrough to get it, unless you get really lucky or just cheat but that would suck all of the enjoyment out it.The soundtrack isn't anything to write home about but it is enjoyable if a bit short, there is only three or five songs that repeat thought out and two that play when you get the second ending but I did enjoy most of them, there is only one that i didn't care much for.Overall this VN isn't that bad, there are definitely far better ones out there but it's far from being the worst, it did get a good amount of hours out of me and I liked the second ending a lot. is it worth 20$? I think not but that's just me. 6.5/10"
,Recommended,475490,29410557,Posted: 21 January,all,Colt Wolf,I thought the game was fairly decent and I know it's not supposed to be a 100% action game some lines felt a bit drawn out and boring at times. I did however like the game and I managed to get about 12 hours in and then I lost all of my save data. I definetly didn't like that but honestly I don't know if I like or dislike the game.All I can say is do with this what you will!
,Recommended,475490,34872376,Posted: 10 September,all,Senhor Raposo,Aconselho pra quem é furry e possui um nivel de ingles elevado
,Recommended,475490,34879216,Posted: 11 September,all,Urdel_Durdel :3,I think it's a really good game if you like plot twists (and furries) The story is good and you choose on your own endings based ön choises.
,Recommended,475490,35226750,Posted: 26 September,all,Linkachu4,Only played it for a bit and I am already invested in the story.
76561198054833610,Recommended,475490,35161294,Posted: 23 September,all,Grim Insanity,"Well, since I'm not great with words, I'll make this review short. I bought this game on sale after trying out the mobile version of it. It seemed a bit odd at first, but got better over time. It's got a great story behind it (with a few things to play with your mind here and there) and a few decent characters. I'd recommend getting it, It's a good game overall, and if your interested but don't know if it's worth it, just wait for a sale. You'll get a bit more than your money's worth out of this. (wrote this review mid achievement hunt so if you find any typos or anything odd... eeh, whatever, it was kinda rushed.)"
76561198091756473,Recommended,475490,35193941,Posted: 24 September,all,irvin,This is legit one of the best Novels i have ever read i ligit spent 12 hours plaing this game and 12 hours trying to get the good ending and it was worth it the choices are scaryer than the walking dead (ttg edition) i love this game and i will read more if there is im going to love winds of change.
,Recommended,475490,35143746,Posted: 22 September,all,KingKitFox,"Just finished the story, and im pi$$ed. yeah im pi$$ed off cuz ididnt get the true ending SO NOW I HAVE TO REDO MY WHOLE F@#$ING GAAAMMMEE!!!!!! With that said it was great and will definatly go back to do it again, cuz why not."
76561198287973283,Recommended,475490,35203421,Posted: 25 September,all,ShimmeringFennec,Major/minor is one of the best games have played on steam. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to play a good visual novel. The storyline is good and the characters are good as well. I loved this game all the way through and I did not dislike a thing about it.
76561198025000141,Recommended,475490,34957935,Posted: 14 September,all,Nightstar Rosefire,"being honest, i originally bought this game cause the furry theme when it was earily access. i played the first 6 chapater, but became impatent to get the rest, so shelved it. i though it was good then. now that it's complete and i've gotten all endings...... it is  effing awesome. yes the story start out slow and sometimes confusing, but it remonds me of the old ""Choose Your Own Adventure"" novels i read as a kid. it is worth the buy, many playthoughs in it, though i recomend a box of Klenex, it tug at the heartstrings a lot. go buy it, read it, it a very good story and i hope more of Klace's works make to steam"
,Recommended,475490,35034898,Posted: 17 September,all,Touch_my_sonic_screwdriver,"Im really enjoying this game. im an hour into it. the art is pleasant and the characters have real personality. my only complaint is i know nothing about my own character. i dont know if im female or male, what i look like or what race i am. i assume it was made ambigous to let the player make up their own or to make it easier on the programmers. its just a preference for me to have an actual character to play with. that isnt a jab at the game at all. its a great game and a great furry game. there arent many out there. its more preference for me and less about the actual game."
76561198166244081,Recommended,475490,35343184,Posted: 30 September,all,Crazy Kåre 123,+rep has sexy characters
76561198256944441,Recommended,475490,35405356,Posted: 1 October,all,Süß,The trailer is COMPLETE CLICKBAIT but its still a good game with great art.... although the lack of decisions is pretty disappointing...
,Recommended,475490,34156430,Posted: 10 August,all,Reece2881,"To me this is one of the best games in the visual novel category i have ever played.The story in the game is very good, with lot's of plot twist with careful decision making in the process and the characters in the game are very well designed with excellent back story's to support whothey are."
