user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,475550,32627758,Posted: 21 June,all,Antagonist,"Have you ever wanted to set up hidden cameras in the girls locker room when you were in high school? Of course you did. We all did. Well, you can't do that in Beholder, and even if you could, it wouldn't be very sexy since every character is a black amporphous blob.Beholder puts you in the role of a landlord hired by the state (that seems to resemble Russia an awful lot, which is fine, it's fiction) that tasks you with spying on your tenants, keeping tabs on them, making note of suspicious things they do, characteristics, laws they may be breaking, etc, and then reporting them to the state to (probably) be taken away somewhere and locked away or mysteriously committing suicide. I don't know, I haven't gotten that far yet.I put off getting this game for a while. The graphics put me off, despite not being a big graphics ♥♥♥♥♥. I bought a bunch of games over the past few weeks, and refunded them several times over until I eventually got to another game and this one as the ones at the top of my list. And I just have to say, while I'm glad I didn't get it sooner (because it wouldn't be new to me right now) I am glad I got it now.This game is fantastic. These days most video games are all the same, and whenever something new comes along, it's always nice to see. Like how we all went mad when the first few survival craft games came out, that is, until every single early access game became that and watered down the genre to the point it feels like any other. Beholder does not. Feel like any other genre, that is. The closest I could compare it to would be an adventure/point and click game, but that wouldn't be accurate. For starters, you can use a controller, and you can walk around. I honestly don't know what genre this would fall under, nor can I explain it good enough to tell you what you're in for, so I will just tell you what I have done so far in the game.I road a train into town where I was greeted by who I believe is the building owner. He asked me if I have ever run an apartment building before (I said ""No (Play tutorial). I was then tasked with setting up surveilence cameras around the building, but first I had to get them out of my new desk drawer. After I set up the cameras, the man asks me to follow him upstairs, which I do, where he gives me a key, and privately tells me it will open any apartment in the building. He said to make sure they're not home when I enter, because ""Citizens think their private lives are their business"" (This is one of several great lines in the small amount of time I've played) and then you're left on your own to figure things out.I definitely recommend this game, if for no other reason than the fact that it's unlike anything you've played before. It's not an FPS, MMO, survival game, crafting game, strategy game, city builder. open world, RPG... it's nothing you've ever played, and for that reason alone (plus the fact that it's a quality game with good writing, excellent ambiance, and a whole Kim Kardashian sized butt load of charm) it's wroth the measly 9.99 they're asking for. This game is worth at least twice that.God bless Steam and their refund policy, if not for that, I may not have ever had bought this awesome game (the other was Darkest Dungeon, another fantastic game I probably never would have bought if not for Steam refunds)."
,Not Recommended,475550,29871678,Posted: 12 February,all,kekpop,"THIS REVIEW WAS MADE BEFORE THE RELEASE OF THE DLC****I completed all the achievements and done all the stuff.I would like to praise the art, it's really great. I want another game from Warp Lamp done just like that, that's gonna be insta buy for me.I want to talk about the lack of testing at this game. It seems like the testers didn't even play the game or just said: Not gonna work on that.There is a stage at the game when your daughter gets ill and you gotta buy an aspirin for her. Then she needs special antibiotics for 20 000 and your son needs 15 000 for university. After you do that your daughter needs another special drug for 15 000, on top of that your wife wants like 2 000 to buy groceries and stuff. Ridiculous ammounts that aren't possible to achieve. But you can do that just by simply letting the quests be, because you are the one who collects quests and if you simply don't talk to your wife about your daughter's illness, she simply isn't ill.That also applies to your son's university fee and all the other quests that function like that, you can ignore your wife even before your daughter need that aspirin. So you can wait to the near end of the game where you receive tons of money. The key to get through these stages is just to ignore your family.It just ruins the whole immersion of the game, I would have no problem if they have given you a limited time to talk with your wife/son about that problem with need of lower prices, or they should atleast give you more quests to get that money. Nothing, it's just lacking any proper testing.And that's not all, if your family dies. NPCs still mention your family, offering quests that earn you money- to save your family. You agree because of your family. BUT YOU HAVE NO FAMILY.That's just sad.These are really big problems. I love the game, the good ending is absolutely adorable, music is great, quests are good with a lot of endings, and the artstyle....But I will still give the game a NO.Please guys, if you test your game, test it right and spend your time doing that and repairing that game.TL;DRGreat concept, fantastic art, great music, lack of testing which leads to messing the whole game up.Update: Remembered about more spicy stuff.There is sometimes a case when a tenant wants to kill you.. How does he do that?You come to him, talk, he kills you, if you don't talk to him, he doesn't.Some woman wants to offer you a tea that's poisoned to kill you. It goes like this:She offers you a delicious tea, you can say yes or no. I said yes (achievement for that).Then the dialogue continues, she says something like: Hehe you Dumbo, that was poisoned you lil♥♥♥♥♥♥ git gud. After that the animation of you drinking the tea and dying starts..That was really weird and plainly just dumb, someone who tested this must've seen that it's damn stupid."
76561198040774750,Recommended,475550,26548555,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Certia,"- Annoying, nagging wife wants to spend my hard-earned government money on stupid, trivial things every freaken hour.- What's a humble family man to do?- Plant illegal items under her mattress.- Report her to the government.- Front row seat to her being dragged away crying in handcuffs and thrown into a police van.- Happily sit in wonderful silence with my money."
,Recommended,475550,35459983,Posted: 3 October,all,Woofel,"Day 1: Move into a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ basement apartment, decide I'm just gonna do my job a la Papers PleaseDay 2: Son wants some expensive books for college. The nice german guy upstairs was more than willing to provideDay 3: Spot German dude breaking the apple ordinance laws, which is punishable by gulag. He was nice, I let it slide.Day 4: Sketchy Irish guy shows up trying to sell stolen contraband canned fish that stink like actual♥♥♥♥♥♥ I send officers to send him to gulagDay 5: Fatass doctor moves in, conveniently my daughter gets deathly ill at the same timeDay 6: Buy doctor a hooker so he'll help my daughter, need 10,000 for medicineDay 9: Saved almost enough money, but catch doctor reading a medical book. Books are illegal. Doctor goes to gulagDay 10: Daughter diesDay 11: Son gets kicked out of university for not going to classDay 12: University debt collectors kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me in an alley, take their paymentDay 15: Son wants to go to new university out of country, would cost 10,000.Day 19: Have evicted several nice old ladies and stolen enough♥♥♥♥♥♥to have almost enough moneyDay 20: Son runs off since I only raised 9,800. I catch my wife in bed.....with a book. Books are illegal. She should go to gulagDay 21: Wife stays since I'm feeling nice instead of actual Stalin.Day 22: Reports that my son attempted to pull of the Pacific Standard Heist solo and got shot in the face. Get charged 5,000 for association, 1,000 for funeral.Day 23: Wife asks me to buy groceries, send her to gulag instead.Day 24: Catch like four people reading, entire house looks like a DEA raidDay 25: Wife's funeral bill comes in. Can't afford it, so get sent to gulag.Everyone goes to gulag in the end."
76561198002567771,Not Recommended,475550,26639525,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Xenus Icelon,"Beholder is an interesting game that pretends to be more than it is. A simple gimmick of spying on people and surveillance, but with a minimum of actual interaction to go with it. After the first few hours, most of the game is about finding out what the developers planned for you to do and then following the story they wanted to tell you. If you wanted to just spy on people and have a few renters to keep an eye on, you're in the wrong place.Mostly, Beholder tells you a story. And this story demands that you are a dou-che to everyone and extort them until they have no money left to give you before forcibly evicting them so you can steal whats left of their stuff and pawn it for spare cash. If you do not do this, you will either be given a game over or your family will die. Multiple times at that. In my one playthrough so far my son has died three times and my wife twice, forcing me to pay for five funerals for two dead family members. Through all this, people still threaten me with hurting my family which already died, and there is a good chance that if I don't go along with it they will dig up the body just so they can kill it again and force me to pay for another funeral.There is not a lot of choice to be had, there are a few stories, and you have to just follow them. Some stories appear to have multiple paths, but in the end only a few seem to have any effect on others at all. Coupled by a world that appears to be intended seriously but comes off as a satirical joke where people try to one up eachother on cynicism, dialogue options being vague (""Tell me"" -200 reputation- Could mean threatening them, right? Nope. It's asking nicely.) and the fact that you don't really get to do that much for most of the time except wait for people to leave so you can rummage through their stuff makes this more suited to something you can watch someone else play rather than something you can play yourself.Aside from all this, I've found there to be some serious issues with Beholder, family members dying multiple times, the game not recognizing them as dead, the complete lack of manual saving, barely functional tutorial that doesn't even explain the basics right and very harsh penalties on what is essentially trial and error gameplay makes for a sadly unsatisfying experience where I found myself deciding that I was done and got the good ending after a bomb killed everyone in the building.Graphics are simple, but they are pretty good at what they do. Renters are different enough to distinguish between them and the music works well for most of the game. I don't think it was entirely necessary to hear the basement stove turned on nearly all the time though.There are good things to be had in Beholder, but it feels very much like they had a story and a single game mechanic planned, and then just jammed them together hoping it would work.It doesn't, or not very well at least. The start of the game is fairly well worked out and entertaining, but then after that it mainly becomes a hunt for finding the right thing or dialogue you're expected to find while at the same time bringing in renters just to extort them for money. A routine that encourages you to not care about any of your renters, your family, or the game as a whole. And all throughout this everyone will stress how everything is bad without ever having anything good happen.The game claims your choices have consequences, but the only choices and consequences are ""Do as we intended for you to do or you and/or your family will die"" with nearly no room for error. Even if you accept the loss of one or two family members you do not have many meaningful choices, seemingly by design.Take that as you will, but I can not in good conscience recommend it to anyone but those who are the most hyped about spying on people while also being a fan of passive gameplay."
,Recommended,475550,26505800,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Sasherz,"If the game is in a language other than English, do following:1: start the game2: when main menu pops up, click the 2nd from top3: 5th from top, click the arrow to the left/right  until it says English4: in the bottom of page, press the left button"
76561198035557117,Recommended,475550,26594819,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Sleepy Chipmunk,"I am simple spy working for glorious motherland. Woman was not who she said she was, told me she is running away for love. I say okay, believe her. My family takes care of her. We make wedding veil for her. Her future husband is man who is caring for my sick daughter.She kills man, leaving my daughter with no help, and laughs in my face. Says I can't prove it was her without revealing I knew she was filthy liar.So, I buy illegal item and plant it in her apartment, then report illegal item. Cops come, and woman is sent to jail to rot for dooming my child.Don't ♥♥♥♥ with the landlord."
76561197987629537,Not Recommended,475550,31634364,Posted: 8 May,all,Xyranoth,"I hated to love so much about this game.So much great stuff, I got really hooked with the duality of the situation as well as the strategical elements. It looked perfect at the start.With a brilliant story and art, this game didn’t need anything else to be a success… except that someone had the brilliant idea to make the whole game about “beating the clock”.I know some people are going to say: “So what, I like the challenge.” but some other people, like me, find this kind of game challenge the cheapest and most unsatisfying of them all. Much like jumping platforms.A game this beautiful deserves to be appreciated, then absorbed while people play with it, not to be rushed through because there’s a clock ticking.So if you like to fight the clock go forward, but if like me you don’t, stay away because that’s the core of this game’s gameplay."
76561198205788091,Recommended,475550,31142298,Posted: 14 April,all,PIXELFIXER,"Beholder is a resource management stealth game where you work for the government and spy on your tenants. You wait them to leave their rooms and search them for evidence. Evidence can be used to blackmail or send them to jail. You can allso deploy cameras to profile your tenants and gain money. There are many diffrent solutions to problems, for example you can completely ignore your family (Not buying medical supplies or education) and let them die. You can dig dirt or frame every single tenant that the game offers you, and let them die in their cells. The moral choises are yours to make. You can allso die of many things, for example: getting shot by your tenants, not co operating with the government, failing certain quests. The difficulty in the game comes from trying to balance government reputation (aka not getting fired and executed), taking care of your family,  having a steady supply of money in case something happens, and of course doing the quests in time. You will have to make sacrifices, like letting a member of your family die, sending a tenant to jail or not helping those in need. The game offers hundreds of interesting quests and is an all round full package. If you want a break from high adrenaline shooters and want a slightly slower paced, but still thrilling gaming experience, buy this game. I can recommend this game whole-heartedly."
,Not Recommended,475550,31421096,Posted: 28 April,all,rich evans,"While the game has an interesting premise and an amazing atmosphere, it suffers greatly from the inclusion of permadeath and a lack of variety. The events in the story always play out in the same order, but there are choices you can make that will instantly screw you over and have you either arrested or killed, forced to restart the game over again. While harsh penalties should theoretically be expected in such an environment as the one the game takes place in, in practice it makes playing the game incredibly tedious, as an action can have unforeseen consequences which will force you to restart the game.As an example: one of the residents offered to work with me on selling canned fish as a supplier. I sold the canned fish to a resident that worked in a cafeteria, but the fish ended up making everyone sick. I had to pay both of the residents, but was not able to get either enough money or respect (another currency in the game) and i was killed.In this case, the game punished me for not somehow already knowing the fish was bad, despite not being presented any hints or information. To the contrary, the game was telling me the fish was very high quality and better than what was usually sold.In this respect, the game suffers heavily from an overabundance of punishment for transgressions that could not be avoided. Profiling and reporting your residents is fun, but when taking an action near the beginning of the campaign can cause you to spontaneously accrue 3000 dollars in debt a real-world hour later after spending a bunch of money on making sure your daughter will survive her illness, instantly putting you in debt and causing you to be arrested (a game over), the game becomes about as fun as living in a real fascist authoritarian state, constantly in fear of being shot or arrested over nothing.2/5"
76561198194918994,Recommended,475550,26610278,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Biochemistry,夜里，我躺在床上，惶惑而不能入眠，心里想着究竟如何才能通关beholder。凌晨四五点，我突然惊醒，想到了通关之法，隧坚持十余小时通关了。正是这款游戏第一次给了我这种体验。一开始玩，由于外形外观和《this war of mine》非常相似。我就单纯的以为它和“我战”一样，通过营造一个压迫感十足的氛围，让玩家在生存，道德与人性等诸多因素的影响下，做出选择。最后告诉玩家善有善报，恶有恶报，升华人性的真善美。但是后来我发现根本TM不是，在这个游戏里，为了自己和家人，偷盗出卖，栽赃陷害，是再正常不过的手段了。而且不会对结局产生不利影响，多害人反而能保住基础的，不差的结局。要活命就得违背良心，保家人就得抛弃正义。这在某些时候，某些环境下，确实有一定的的现实意义。总之这游戏绝了！！
,Recommended,475550,28961156,Posted: 2 January,all,B9king,"I really don't understand what people are complaining about.Daughter needs medicine. I denied her, instead spending money on apples to get people arrested for illegal possession of fruit letting her die in the process.Son request money for a date with a woman. I denied him because he needed to focus on his studies, later he requested money for his studes so I had him arrested for reading the books I bought him earlier.Wife request that I buy chocolates and other frivolous things. Deny her, have her arrested for crying over the loss of both of our children.An old woman in apartment 3 begins crying due to the stress of her current situation, blackmail her for $2000 as crying is now a criminal offense.Gain $2000, use it to frame a student for illegal possession of music the same day that he moves in as I really didn't like his attitude when I attempted to enter his appartment to frame him for illegal possession of music.Things start to get stressful after the fire bombings and random items breaking, The old woman begins crying in her bedroom, little did she know that I had level 3 cameras all throughout her bedroom and I am a greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. I immediately blackmail her again.The old woman resist my blackmail. For the act of ignoring me and resisting my power, I got her and the tenant living with her arrested for daring to defy me and possession of blue ties.I HOLD THESE PEOPLE'S LIVES IN MY HANDSI NEVER SLEEP SO THAT I MAY CONSTANTLY OBSERVE PEOPLE'S SINS AGAINST MYSELF AND THE STATETHOSE WHO DEFY ME SHALL MEET A SWIFT PUNISHMENTI AM GOD"
76561198028410302,Not Recommended,475550,31733437,Posted: 13 May,all,meatballs_21,"Many are recommending this to people who like Papers, Please.Beholder gives you all the tools of a long term, open-ended game like Papers, Please and then fritters it away trying to create drama and tension unnecessarily. You will likely have just gotten settled into the game and the controls before realizing you've been playing it all wrong and need to restart - indeed, it is entirely possible to put yourself in an unwinnable state by buying some items and then not having enough to repair apartment 2 after you evict Jacob Manishek, the Very Obvious Tutorial Tenant. I had a perfectly good apartment 4 that I'd repaired too that I couldn't use even though all the game actually wants you to do is move in one of two new tenants.Having learned your lesson and your way around the controls and game mechanics, you start again, get a little bit further, and are suddenly presented with two sheer cliff faces of dilemmas involving your family. This is not just a vertical wall but one that actually overhangs you by a significant distance. You need forewarning to even be prepared to deal with these in the time allotted. And then, even if you do, you are thrown a second huge curveball in one of them before the situation is resolved, almost as large as the first.I have been reading walkthroughs trying to even figure out the first one, and when I saw the second one, I realized this simply wasn't for me. It is the difficulty spike to end all difficulty spikes. I speak as someone who played Dead Rising on the 360 a dozen times to get all the endings, items, survivors and achievements and say that this is worse. You need an absolutely perfect setup to get these things done; essentially, there is A Correct Way to play through the game and anything less will leave you feeling like you've failed or have somehow come up short. It isn't even that you failed as a player, you simply lacked a crystal ball to see exactly what was expected of you and were therefore unable to guide Carl to act with prescience, completely removing any tension or investment you would have otherwise had in the very intriguing scenario and story.For that reason, I can't recommend the game. If it's meant to be an arty piece where you basically get everything thrown back in your face with a ""ha ha, that's what living in a real dystopia would be like!"" message then it succeeds. As a game where we expect to have the power to influence our own course and make a difference in the outcome based on quick thinking and skill, it fails.With respect to Papers, Please, then: that game gave you obvious and logical clues as to what taking certain courses of action would have with respect to the storyline. Here you are suddenly thrown an unhittable curveball and told you're out if you don't somehow knock it out of the park."
,Not Recommended,475550,28718747,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mediocre,"I found Beholder after watching Preach's review of the game. I loved the look of the game, and gameplay elements from Papers, Please, and the setting of Beholder really attracted me. I loved the first playthrough of the game (despite some UI/control issues), but my love for the gameplay quickly disappeared after losing (or ""reaching an ending"" as the devs call it) for the first time.The issue with Beholder is not the way the game looks and plays, but the way the game rewards and punishes the player for making certain decisions. After being killed on the first playthrough by making two choices, I was sent back to the main menu and forced to restart.... everything. Every previous decision, every scripted event, every point of conflict with tenents and every family dilemma has to be replayed with no variance.This is the biggest problem with Beholder: some decisions (or string of decisions) will carry you further into the story. However, many decisions (or string of decisions) will stop the story and make you restart.Now, I understand that there needs to be some immediacy for the player when they are playing Beholder--decisions need to feel important. But, when the punishment for making the wrong choices is to send the player back to the start and grind through the entire story again, things get old and boring pretty quick. This extreme punishment is a real problem for decision based games... Yes the player needs to feel that their decisions are important, yes there needs to be some form of consequence for making bad decisions, yes the game needs to be challenging, but if the player starts to hate or become bored of the first 30 minutes to 1 hour of gameplay (the part of the game that is the most important for players to like), the whole experience is tarnished.I wanted to like Beholder, I really did, but I can't think of any other game that I have played that punishes players in as harsh a way as this..."
,Not Recommended,475550,28247803,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Aquatix,"Despite a cute simplistic design, warm sound and atmosphere with neat social ideas the gameplay itself is punishing instead of just hard. It's not about choice or folowing ideas. It's about failing at least once everywhere beyond the training task, Then you load a save, repeat and do one thing the other way to see where that leads you and if it's gonna be better.The finance income is non-existant, while you waste your own money for repairments in the building but get very little in return for writing reports or blackmailing tenants, and believe me — this game will agressively push you to do everything that can make money. What's funny — you never actually get payed for the job itself on a regular base to accumulate wealth overtime and to be able to estimate your capabilities. You just recieve sums here and there, sometimes in ways you would never predict according to game's logic.Overall It's just a labyrinth you have to map hitting every corner with your head in the dark. Every mission hides a way to set you up and you never really feel like you solved a big problem using your mind or skill. You just run around getting the same things done faster or different which breaks the emmersion of this complex situation anyway.I personally managed to get pretty far, past finding the medicine for Carl's daughter, which is a huge grind by itself. but needing even more money, I had to take a break and never came back to finish this game for bare sense of accomlishement. It's just not fun after a while and scares you off.For example ""This war of mine"" has a similar feel and comes out as uneasy, limiting, cold, somewhat random and heart-braking at times, but you really want your people to survive and war to end so you learn the hard way and try to do better. ""Beholder"" simply punishes you for everithing despite the possibilities it wants to explore."
,Recommended,475550,35187788,Posted: 24 September,all,Tory Tosser,"Play it during winter. In the dark, while you feel cold and hungry.9/10."
76561197965282243,Recommended,475550,32610126,Posted: 20 June,all,Hatch,"Beholder ended up being better than expected. This is a thrilling strategy game that takes place in a dystopian world ruled by a totalitarian government during the 80's. Personal privacy and freedom is non-existant. But here's the catch. In this game YOU work for the government as an apartment manager! The strategy in this game is moral choices and money. Do you want to be the good comrade and please your boss? Or will you secretly do what's right? You must spy on your tenants to achieve your goal while also supporting your family.  Certain choices lead to rewards while others lead to punishment.  This game will keep you interested and every choice determines further outcome.  Worth it!Pros:Well-made dystopian strategy gameChoices matter - good vs badSimple controls - mostly point & clickImmersiveThe characters look like they came from LimboThis game is also available on iOSCons:Can't think of any.Similar games:Papers, PleaseFallout ShelterInsideLimbo"
76561198006756264,Not Recommended,475550,32999256,Posted: 29 June,all,Edgewalker,"Potentially great game bogged down with terrible mechanic choices. Game is in real time and the quests have time limits. Natural habit is to try to complete quests as fast and effective as one could, but this game requires stalling quests as long as possible to progress to the certain game events later. It is impossible to know it beforehand though, so either you savescum like crazy or you play the mechanics not the game itself and just cheese your way out of it. It's a great shame cause this game have a potential to be better version of papers please, just the weird time management choices forcing you to replay certain sequences in search for perfect activities rotation killed it for me."
76561198029669127,Recommended,475550,26578421,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,El Taxi Gato,"As a fan of ""Papers Please"" and ""This war of mine"", I'm adding this to my list of games of dystopian society where your morality, decisions and actions have effects.  Be warned it's not an easy game, you will have some tough decisions to make and the clock is ticking.Do you try to help who you can, do you try to save your family, do you serve the state and do your ""duty"".Who will you save, who will you betray, who will you frame, who will you leave to their fate, what risks will you take.  You will be asking yourself all these questions and you may find that the action you take may have consequences you didn't think of.A game that feels good and fresh with decent cartoony shadowed graphics and effects.  A simple but effective music score with appropriate sound effects.  An interesting set of characters, choices and endings.  There were a few little hiccups in translation on a game that I'm pretty sure wasn't originally made in English.  But well worth the $10 I paid with decent enough replayability since sometimes the choices you make aren't always for the best."
,Recommended,475550,26508813,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,LadyAth,"Great game to play and I love the moral choices, especially since the choices are rarely just black and white.  The only complaint I have is that the tasks are currently very much in the same order, making replay a lot less enjoyable.  Hope the devs can fix that!  Other than that, love it :)"
76561198059083378,Not Recommended,475550,26548260,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,RykZa,"Great game, but one problem makes it infuriating to play, the dates.When writing a report, snitching on someone for doing something ilegal, you're told to put in the correct date of theinfraction.Put in the wrong date and the entire report is scraped. You may have found evidence on the 4th, for example. When writing up the report, the latest date to add is only the 3rd. Wait another day to add in the 4th and your report is wrong and you're fined.The date field is infuriating and unecessary. Remove some realism for a more streamlined game and/or fix this bug.UPDATE:I've played for 17hrs and had enough of this game. Firstly, my initial understanding was incorrect, one needs to put the date the infracture becomes illegal in the date field, not the date it happened.The biggest problem with this game, choice.Yes, you're given the freedom to play as you wish, but let's face it, almost everyone is going to try and play by being a good father and saving their family no matter what; this is were the game's critical flaw lies.The way to achieve these goals require trial and error, 2hrs in the game, you're given a choice, you select the wrong choice and your daughter dies, so you restart. You reach that point again and take the 'correct' choice, then another choice comes up and you mess that one up, your daughter dies, restart. This is how the game progresses, it's pure frustration.This isn't a puzzle game or strategy, it's trial and error, and without a save feature, you'll be restarting the game over and over until you get sick of it. The devs should've taken a closer look at TWOM, that game has choice."
,Recommended,475550,32657946,Posted: 22 June,all,zbychu9923,"Very good adventure game, similar to ""This War of Mine"". If you are interested in moral choices and a hisory then I highly recommend!"
,Recommended,475550,31135253,Posted: 14 April,all,gee,"I originally bought this game because it looked kind of cool and different, and also to support the day-1 release on Linux!I started playing a bit earlier today and got hooked. When I came back home, I could just not stop from playing, even though I had gotten to a few endings (bad ones) I needed to continue, and I think I actually got the perfect one!I really liked the game, the only issues I had with it were:-it's quite dark, and so a few times I missed things I was supposed to inspect and was going a bit crazy when not finding the item...- Eventually I stopped caring about the new people coming in. Well I stole from them but that's about it... whereas the first ones I tried to either help them or jail them, depending on their behavior.- The form to fill for profiling was a bit annoying, especially when doing it again and again...I'm not sure how much replay value they'll be, as few things are randomized... Had they randomized the guests, you could have replayed it over and over with a fresh play every time (like Invisible Inc)."
,Recommended,475550,29967919,Posted: 16 February,all,Jernfalk,"Beholder is a game where your task is to be the judge, the jury and the guy who calls the executioner.The game keeps you having to choose between helping people, helping your family or helping yourself by installing hidden cameras on your tenants apartments, rummaging through their things while they are away, peeping through keyholes to know just what they are up to and even blackmailing, all in order to discover who's following the ridiculously harsh laws of the State and who'll be dragged away by the police.While the premise sounds interesting and new, the game shows some less bright colors during and actual gameplay.PROS:- Artstyle reflects the athmosphere of the game perfectly;- Stories and quests that keep you occupied just enough;- New and interesting idea for a game;- Bound to give you at least 8 hours of fun and interesting gameplay;- For those who care, there are Steam Trading Cards.CONS:- Static. Every gameplay will have the exact same quests, crimes, tenants and stories;- Weak replayability: Mostly due to the previous point. But the game does offer different choices on how to deal with each and every quest, leading to a handful of different endings;- No manual save option: The game relies completely on auto-saves at quest-ends and beginnings, leaving all and every progress made in between easy to lose;Overall, I do recommend this game to those who have the money to spare. To those who don't, either wait for a good sale or find something that will keep you entertained for a larger amount of time."
76561198030475027,Recommended,475550,26577485,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Tempest,"Wonderful game! The stress, the thrill and the moral dilemmas are combined to give you an unique gameplay. The acoustic and art style are also amazing. And the best part is the atomospere built up in this game 100% matches the horrbile Chinese sensorship period that my parents told me. A 10/10 game for me.对中国玩家来说，开发组真的非常热心。他们看到汉语提问，会去google找翻译，然后再把自己的回答翻译成汉语。这种态度非常值得汉语玩家的鼓励！"
,Recommended,475550,35041406,Posted: 18 September,all,Charlie Watchtower,"This is one of those games which will feed upon the morality of the desperate, it will test your ideals and your character by involving you in an adaptive choice-consequence story in which you Carl Stein will attempt to do the best for your family, how much will you sacrifice? What will you do? However, don’t expect miracles out of this thing, replayability is limited by your own knowledge and curiosity, if you speed-run the whole thing it becomes surprisingly short. It will present and genuinely interesting story, it just won’t do so for very long."
,Not Recommended,475550,26641668,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Jelly,"I have played Paper Please and when I saw this in the related I decided to take a look and saw that it had an interesting concept and gameplay thus I jumped at a chance to give it a go. Five hours in, after about 6-8 restart/reloads, and repairing and unlocking my sixth tenant, I've finally had enough and exited the game.In some ways I can see the comparison; as both games force you to make decisions that messes with your moral compass. While in Paper Please you need money for your family the same is to be said in this game as well. The only difference is that instead of gradually increasing the monetary amount that you need, it starts right off with a huge number that you are no where close to. I'm a type of person that tries to avoid ""Bad Ends"" so I reloaded to try to get the money for my daughter.After several blackmailing and going down several specific quest lines I finally got enough. I had maybe a couple of minutes to pat myself on the back on saving my daughter at the expense of being a manipulative landowner when WHAM another huge amount showed up for my son. Unfortunately, this time no matter how many tenants I blackmailed I couldn't get enough in the allotted time. Resigned to this outcome I trudged on with the game only to be hit twice with another huge amount for both my daughter and son. I'm not sure if I'm just not playing the game correctly (I already got the money from cruise tickets, canned fish, jeans, as well as selling whiskey, soda, wine...etc) but I just don't see how it's possible to fulfill these quests.This game markets itself as giving you various decisions that test you however, unless you want to abandon your family, there really isn't a decision cause in the end you have to do whatever it takes to get money which is the driving force of every event. I kept playing hoping that something would change; that maybe I would get other quests from tenants that could help me gain money for my family but nothing happened. If anything my tenants seemed to need items that forces me to spend what little money I already have.Although the concept and art style is quite neat, the difficulty curve is just too challenging. I have heard that the developers are planning on creating an 'easy mode'. I'm unsure as to what this entails (if it's just making it so that the quests demand less money) and it might help; it might not. However the bottom line is the game feels hopeless after an hour and some of the quest timings are odd. You would think if I had to make $30,000 that maybe I'll get a bunch of quests from other tenants to help me gain money but for reason nothing happened; I didn't receive any new quests to help gain money. Instead I kept getting quests that needed me to spend. It felt like I was trying to beat a level 50 boss one after another (or 2 at the same time) when I'm still only level 1 and doing quests didn't unlock new skills or made me stronger... instead it took my exp away from me.The game itself feels very slow paced; maybe I had to keep playing to unlock things but you would think after 6 tenants I would get the ability to search/install camera/unlock doors a lot faster. The game introduces installing cameras so you can catch them in illegal acts but after the first tenant, I've never caught another tenant doing illegal activities so spending my points for camera felt useless as that didn't really help me gain money unless I sold the said cameras.All in all, this isn't a game I would recommend. Maybe after some tweaking to quests and making it actually feel like choices matter and inserting event lines that can help the tenants as well as your character, then maybe I wouldn't feel like a hopeless slave to blackmail all for money that was no where in sight.UPDATE /I have re-played the game pretty much to where I have stopped on easy mode and I stand by my review. Although it is now defiately easier to make money, thus allowing me to pay for things that would help my family, the story was still very much the same. It seemed whether I paid for my son's requests or not, in the end the result was the same resulting in the fact that regardless I could get the money or not, nothing really changes. Although the game stresses that what you do influences the outcome, truthfully that's not the case and it results in a stale and frustrating experience."
76561198020962200,Recommended,475550,26509483,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Flopsidoodle,"Point and click game where you control a landlord who leads a double life as a spy for the totalitarian government.  You'll deal with the concerns of your tenants and your family, all the while keeping a close eye on them without their consent - sneaking into their rooms while they're out or even installing cameras to help you catch them doing anything they shouldn't be doing.The game is very good at potraying the characters as human beings to the point where you'll have difficult moral decisions to make, such as deciding whether to help your tenants or stick rigidly to your role as government snitch.If you like This War of Mine, this will be right up your street."
,Not Recommended,475550,28856884,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Dan,"I really like the idea. I really wish I liked the game. However, the game lacks variety. If you fail certain missions, you lose the game. If you lose the game, you need to start over and repeat the same quests in order to get to the point where you failed.On my second playthrough, I failed a mission because the character I needed to spy on didn't even show up within the time limit I was given!If quests were randomized, I think this game would have a lot more replay value. As it stands, it unfortunately feels too punishing to be enjoyable.Additionally, this game would have benefitted a lot from hotkeys, specifically the pause and fast forward buttons. If these exist, I didn't find them."
,Not Recommended,475550,33030339,Posted: 30 June,all,chloeabc123,"The concept and gameplay is great, and I loved it at first, but it ended up being super linear and disappointing. If you don't complete main quests in a specific way, the game either kills you or does nothing until you run out of money and get killed."
,Recommended,475550,26525945,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,deduwka,"""Neighbours from Hell"" from hell. Joking:)Cool depressing experience. Everybody suffers and dies, so much fun!Something like ""This War of Mine"" + ""Papers Please"" but more cozy (ha-ha) and story-driven."
,Recommended,475550,29534346,Posted: 27 January,all,Scythe M.D.,i bought this game origionally on a whimit looked interesting and i was curiouswhat came next was 8 hours of pure absorptionthe world breathes as it invests you in it's storyand piling stress along with a thousand jobs make the workintense always having a few thousand things to do with your 24/7 workdaywell worth the $10 just give it a tryrecommended diffculty: traineeadditional notes: multiple endings with a great art style to match
,Recommended,475550,26730043,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Starwing6,"This is a very fun game!  I picked it up because I was intrigued by the premise, and I absolutely love the art style.  I was also looking for an engaging game that isn't too hyper--for times when I want to relax but still have a challenge.  Beholder will be one of my favourite games to turn to during those times.This game provides exciting experiences, difficult choices that have real consequences, and multiple endings.  So far, I've experienced three endings: fired for embezzlement, shot  in the head, and shanked LOL!!  It was always clear to me what I'd done wrong, and what I should try the next time...  I'm surprised how fun it was to keep trying.If you're looking for a cute, fun and affordable game--with stealth, strategy and resource management gameplay--then you should absolutely try Beholder!"
,Recommended,475550,31331870,Posted: 23 April,all,SwaggyBadger,"I played through my first run in five hours.Good game.  A little short.Good way to spend $4.50 and a Sunday evening.Pros:+ Little to no bugs.+Replayable to seemingly no end.+Cheap, even when not on sale.+Simple to pick up, yet a complex game.+Possible, but VERY DIFFICULT to ""save everyone""+Very fun and unique experience.  I strongly reccomend this game.+ MAY UPDATE COMING!!!!Cons:-Seems overwhelming early on for those on their first playthrough.-Tenants leave without warning.- - - I cannot stress this enough... No indicator based on when you will be caught stealing, and no  tips/formula in regards to ""safe stealing.""  Once you steal enough, you will be caught, and if you are caught too many times, you lose.  Thats it."
,Recommended,475550,29773149,Posted: 7 February,all,一些中国名字,"4 hours into this game, and I've had to arrest someone's girlfriend, save my daughter from ebola, stop my son from hanging himiself, search through everyone's homes, and get bombed. Wonderful. 666/10! New Government Directive!It is now illegal to write steam reviews."
76561198027055225,Recommended,475550,34795730,Posted: 7 September,all,Edelweiss,"This is a gem. Pure dystopia of grim future... or present? Strong narrative and story, multiple endings, lots of options, struggles of making hard choices. Not that long, but still great."
,Recommended,475550,26508664,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Enyo,"I got a bit bored of spying on my neighbour all day, so I decided to have some fun.Went ahead and placed a gun underneath my son's mattress and called the cops on him. They beat him to a pulp and took him away.My wife went mental and shot me in the chest.Now I am in hospital and can play Beholder all day long!Definitely worth a shot."
76561198170895962,Recommended,475550,32821830,Posted: 26 June,all,dannymoto,"Games where ""your decisions actually impact the outcome of the game"" are hard to come by.  Beholder hits this mark pretty well.  This game goes well beyond choosing to play as ""good"" or ""bad"" character; it introduces a grey area as well.  You aren't locked into to being completely ""good"" or ""bad""; you can actually walk a fine line, going back and forth between the two depending on how you wish to play.  This can be beneficial to you depending on your approach.Noticed a couple bugs (letters missing from dialogue prompts), but nothing that seriously impacted gameplay."
76561198061249571,Recommended,475550,27187524,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,paddler6,A mix of Papers Please and This War of Mine. You play as a landlord that spies on their tennents and can descide to either obey the ministry or go against them.
,Recommended,475550,26613091,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Sintinium,"Owe tenant over $1,000 within 24 hours so I frame him and have him sent to jail 10/10(actual review)This game is surprisingly really good. I love the art style and I love how basically every choice has consequences. If you want to play as the landlord who frames everyone and has the goal of making tons of money you can do it. If you want to be respectful to the tenants you can. For this to be an indie game it's an extremely in depth game."
,Recommended,475550,29661850,Posted: 2 February,all,Otz's Manservant,"It's a pretty good game if you enjoy espionage and feeling of having power over people. It has some certain (and, in my opinion - serious) issues, but overall I think I can still recommend this game for that none of them are actually game-breaking.Pros:+Good atmosphere: Nice graphics and audio, well-developed style that persists through entire game and allows for some nice immersion.+Interesting gameplay design: Gameplay mechanics allow for some very high skill ceiling, allowing players to grow in their ability to withold the situation and become a better Beholder. Despite game being strictly story-driven (so no sandbox or endless mode), because of its replayability I didn't feel bothered to start several more playthroughs. There are two difficulty settings, easier one allows newbies to survive the overwhelming storyline, and other one provides fair challenge to people who are already familiar with the game mechanics and know a few tricks.+Variable story: as I've said already, this game only has story mode, but it's failry unlinear, so you can choose different paths and there's a lot of interactive actions to take, which works very well in combination with existing gameplay mechanics. For example, there aren't really ""endings"" in the game in a way that you can count them; Usually when you finish your game, there is a sequence of small cutscenes that depend on your actions during the game and describe what happened after all events have been exhausted. Not to mention that you are ahold of literally fates of the most NPCs that you have in your domain - and most of those NPCs have their own storylines, small or big, that sometimes are entertwined with your own story. Because of this and the previous pluses, game actually has quite huge replayability which I value a lot.Cons:-Still a bit buggy: Sometimes, you can encounter some bugs like not being able to open your inventory, or maybe quest marker for a character that has already been evicted not disappearing. It only happened to me in my last 2 playthroughs tho, so I'm pretty sure it's a rare and weird occasion.-Wonky save function: Game claims to have autosave everytime you complete a mission (or so I think it does), but the problem is that I do not get that autosave after *every* mission. Some very minor missions do not provide checkpoints for me. Which is quite a problem, because I can not leave the game until I do another checkpoint or I will lose progress, and most of the time I manage to make a lot of progress in between missions and spend a lot of time in between them, too. It doesn't affect you in one bit tho if you don't care about some part of your progress or you can play the entire game in one session (which is fairly possible and I've done it a couple times).-Some shady\unintuitive game mechanics. Some parts of the game - for example, stealing from your renters - is not well-explained in the game and for that their function is unclear and may be somewhat frustrating. For the stealing mechanic example, game only says that those who steal are prosecuted by the law, but in fact I was able to steal on several occasions. After you steal one too much item, you're getting instantly found out and public servant is just teleported to you out of nowhere, which doesn't seem okay with me at all. Is there some kind of counter I should be aware of? How the counter is reset? Why am I getting caught when nobody ever even sees me in their apartments? Why they just ""own"" items that I placed in their apartment, so if I try to take them back from them, it counts as a full-blown stealing? Why they just accept any items, including illegal ones when I put them in their apartment, even when they don't need those items (instead of trying to get rid of illegal ones, especially after they've been blackmailed because of them)? There's a selected few under-developed mechanics such as this one, if used sparingly it still barely affects your gameplay experience.So, all in all - it's a good game, aside from several issues listed above. If you're okay with issues you're probably going to experience (as I mostly am), then it's a must-buy game, but it has some problems that you should be aware of while you're entering the game."
,Recommended,475550,26524713,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Snipawolfe,"Life is hard for a servant of the people and the state. This is a phenomenal game that will hit you in the same ways This War of Mine did. The art style is unique and fitting for the environment. The music is gripping when it needs to be and I can't complain about audio quality. The production of the game feels superb and it would be hard to gripe about how the game looks or feels while it's being played.The actual gameplay itself is very unique. As the Beholder, your task is to spy on the people in the apartment you're now the landlord of. The game gives you a large amount of freedom to tackle issues as you see fit, and you'll often find yourself torn between the easy way, the ""right"" way, and the most profitable way.As the state outlaws more and more activities and possessions, you'll build an increasingly large profile of knowledge and evidence of illegal activities that your tenants engage in, and this will allow you to get money from submitting profiles on your tenants as well as outright ratting them out and having them hauled off to prison.Managing your family, the demands of the Ministry/state, as well as watching after your tenants is as fun as it is demanding and this game will grip you solidly for a time, if it's your thing. I can't wait to put more hours in and see more consequences of my actions."
,Not Recommended,475550,35460087,Posted: 3 October,all,Falrinth,"Gets boring quick. Its the old same ""no matter what you do, you are doomed"" kind of game, where game presents you only with stupid options that will always lead to yoru downfall.Non creative and pesimistic to the extreme.Now to the gameplay and athmoshpere:Starts up pretty nicely, but soon enough the multitasking and mission timers kicks in, and kills all the fun and immersion turning you into always-in-the-rush multitasker, trying to minimize the damage and salvage what possible, leaving no time for thinking decisions trough or get to know locators better. Basically no time to get any immersion.After few hours i was overhelmed by everything yelling for attention.And same as with ""This War of Mine"" i got a thought ""why the hell bother doing this?"". In TWoM i came to conclusion that insetad of living like a rat destined to meet ugly and inevitable doom i would fight for what i believe in and die like man or win what im fight for. In Beholder i got similiar thing. My ""daughter"" is dying and suddenly got only hours left (what?), im only half way of raising a required sum - i would move the heaven and earth to get it - but game disallows me that, presenting only same, stupid dialogue options while my wife asks me for a radio and son for money to pay for school (with his sister dying on bed). I felt trapped in nonsense. To big nonsense to bear. So the whole lore and immersion is sketchy as hell."
,Recommended,475550,26531640,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,L𝗬𝗦𝗘𝗥𝗚I𝗖𝗔L,"I got shot for selling fish, beaten up by Communists for stealing a sock and my wife hates me because I couldn't find any soap. 10/10"
,Recommended,475550,34561444,Posted: 28 August,all,Hachiroku,"This is a fun game to add to your library if you're a fan of management sims like Fallout Shelter and This War of Mine, otherwise I wouldn't reccommend it. Don't expect any action or speed. But managing your tower block, sneaking into rooms and interacting with your residents is a lot of fun. It's satisfying when you finally complete your objectives, but it's surprisingly difficult. Overall I enjoyed this game, but think carefully about whether you're the kind of person who would too."
,Recommended,475550,27590164,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Supertr34,Papers Please taken to a larger scale. Much preatier game and and less menu scrolling and more panic running about trying to keep your little ♥♥♥♥♥ of children from getting themselves killed.
,Recommended,475550,30512977,Posted: 14 March,all,BIG BAD MING,I reported my wife to the government for crying over my daughter's untimely death.10/10 would landlord again.
,Recommended,475550,26530882,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,miershyk,"This game caught my interest while scouring for game demos, and it reminded me acutely of ""Papers, Please"" and ""This War of Mine"". Your task is simple. Spy and find evidence against the tenants and report them to the ministry whenever you receive a new quest. Some quest can be pretty hard, some easier than others. I've read of people complaining about the game, especially the need to gather enough money for a certain life-threatening task, and the time limit doesn't give much leeway as well.But that's where the moral dilemma comes in, like in ""TWoM"" where you have to make moral judgements. Do you pay for the utilities/groceries, or ignore your son's needs for studies/dating, just so you could earn enough to save your daughter? Will you threaten and blackmail the tenants for more cash? Perhaps you decide to betray and back-stab then instead. That's where you have to juggle your decisions.However, there are a few complains I have about this game. One example is when the police comes to arrest the tenant(s). It's a long and slow process, although you can fast-forward it or do other smaller tasks like talking to the other tenants. Then there is the 3D-like effects whenever you're in a conversation. It hurts my eyes quite a bit. This wasn't in the demo and likely implemented in this final product.All in all, I do recommend this game. The art is interesting, and the game makes you question your own moral judgement. Giving a rating of 8/10."
,Recommended,475550,28319213,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Beholderis an outstanding story-driven apartment complex management sim.A steal for the price, too. I get heavy political overtones that remind me ofPapers, Please. The artwork is fantastic - tons of little details that just make a great atmosphere to build a story with. I do have a couple complaints about some QoL things that could be simple fixes, which I'll address below. Overall, this is a must-have title.Essentially, you are managing the apartment complex to keep your family in the green.This often forces you, the player, to make shady decisions to earn money. It may mean stealing tenants stuff to hawk. It may mean blackmailing tenants for a cool grand. Things like this. The dwellers feelreallyalive, and well developed. The story is engaging and propels things forward nicely. When I play it, it makes me feel like the community I am managing is alive and bustling with all kinds of things going on. One thing you definately need to know is that this game is linear. There is no randomized sandbox mode where you can try to go forever. It's not a bad thing at all, but just know this is truly story-driven.It would have been nice to have controller support, but you only really need the mouse to play (keyboard can be used, but is not mandatory). It is also apparent that the writer was not a native English speaker, either. It's fine, but makes for a few awkward moments.Pros:+Does a fantastic job of simulating a real community; everyone has their own storyline and quirks and problems+Artwork is outstanding+There is definately some complexity, which is always welcome with a management sim+Definately addictingCons:-Some QoL tweaks should be made, such as not having to fill in all the profile details each time you want to amend a dwellers profile report-Controller support would be very welcome-I wish you could click on the walls (and not just the floor) to move the character-You should be able to click on either side of a door to interact with it-It definately needs a sandbox mode with random encounters, where you could theoretically play foreverWell worth full price.You could get 10 hours out of this easy cheesy."
,Not Recommended,475550,28414241,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,吾乃悍将刘三刀,"I was watching the game trailer and was instantly pulled by its interesting set-up (I am a fun of George Orwell's books). After a few hours of game play, I realized that the game is not really about you making your own choices, but about how you can follow what the game designer wants you to do. For instance, plot will not move on unless you fulfill certain tenant's request which you might not want to. Anyways, I finish the game in off-line mode in just about 5 hours. Somewhat in the middle of the plot it becomes very clear how you should proceed. Less strategic than I have expected. You might consider buying it if you really run out of good strategic games."
,Recommended,475550,26592344,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,cola,"Made over 1 million dollars in this excellent real estate sim. See the full review for a screenshot.Definitely worth the price, no contest--can easily sink forty hours into trying all the different choices. The time spent trying all the different combinations won't feel like a chore either.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=799816826Within solid storylines and gameplay on a macro level (overall decision making), you always feel as though you could have moved more efficiently than last time, been a bit sharper from second to second in order to scrape together every advantage you can to protect your family (or screw everyone, thoroughly). Although the individual events may be the same, different combinations can result in many different ""endings,"" which creates a satisfying sense of freedom. Although the ending does come down to a summarizing set of cutscenes, differences in who you save or betray and how you do so are what make each result feel different.There is just enough RNG so that each playthrough is different, but not to the extent that previous experience could not be applied to future playthroughs.Theonly major downsideis that the save system is automatic so the timings may not always be in your favor, forcing you to be careful with when to time event triggers (you trigger to save).Minor flaws:- The fast forward feature is excellent but if you fast forward while searching, when the inventory pops up, you cannot click the fast forward button (to turn it off). This can result in frustrating moments where the resident returns suddenly while you're fumbling to close the inventory screen to return time to normal.- The cutscene narrator sounds sort of silly on some occasions; I don't know if I've been playing this for too many consecutive hours but it sounded like he said 'boiling' instead of 'bodies'. It seems as though he tries to sound smooth and dramatic, but on occasion loses control of his mouth and slurs."
,Recommended,475550,35460513,Posted: 3 October,all,Pendragon,"Welcome to to good ol' East Germany, folks.  Western music and Levi jeans are banned, the walls are probably bugged, but hey, at least you have a job.  Just don't ♥♥♥♥ it up.  The state is watching."
76561198049350749,Recommended,475550,26550467,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Skirlasvoud,"Beholder is a surprising little gem. It's a mash up between Papers Please, the old Thief Series and a Detective thriller.You're a bureaucrat, stuck spying on people in secret for a totalitarian regime in the role of landlord, sneaking into people's miserable personal lives, to put together the clues you find to manipulate events on both individual and national scale for morally good or bad. You need to support your own family by ratting people out, taking bribes, blackmail, planting evidence or building a case. Sometimes that means putting murderers and drugdealers behind bars, sometimes that means stabbing nice old folk in the back.Meanwhile, all your tenants have their own interesting personal lives that you can bud into. Most of these stories really are quite good, with fleshed out characters and lots of intrigue, up to the point where they are not so much gameplay goals to me, as just story-arcs I want to see resolved. I arranged a wedding in my apartment, followed shortly by several funerals as characters in my antfarm had their own motivations that I didn't see coming. And when the day is done, it is incredibly satisfying that unbeknown to these fleshed out characters with a believable lives, you're secretly in control over them, with the ability to invade their privacy to see how something turned out, to have them either dragged off by the regime at a moment's notice, or help them into a brighter future.There are a few cons to this product. Across the board, this is not a native English game and the dialogue and translations are a bit wonky, while the spoken dialogue in cut scenes awkwardly hilarious with thick accents and blatant mispronunciation. It also takes a fair bit to get used to as the game refuses to hold your hand and throws you into the deep end with a surprising amount to do, usually backed by several timers that not always match up with each other. At first, I just went in doing the main mission and I quickly lost all my money, several family members and my chance at following up on good endings. It's only slowly that I understood that there are a lot of spinning plates to keep up simultaneously.Gathering info on your tenants - their hobbies, interests, vices and activities - to leak back to the regime for pocket change, through cameras, looking through keyholes or rummaging through their belongings when they're not home, is already a full-time job. Add to that getting specific missions done for the regime or resistance, keeping track of events, interceding at the right time and scheming to get some quick extra cash for your family and it can get a little overwhelming quickly and hard to enjoy the personal drama.There are missions where you can just freeze the progression of the game to get some breathing space, but then it starts to feel like the game's own systems can be chanced or exploited. Certain quests peter out without an end, or quests that depend on each other for a good outcome don't match together, when stumbling upon the wrong set of circumstances and the timers of your chosen progression allign poorly or not at all, which deprive the game of some of its weight and feeling of solid design. Some options rather harshly roadblock you with an instant character death, facilitating a reload in a checkpoint system you have no manual control over.It all comes together in this feeling that the game REALLY has the heart in the right place, but the mechanics and systems are a little too loose to get a good grip on them. It's too easy for everything to spin out of control for lack of player oversight or the game's own organization.Despite this, the game simply is too novel and the core of it too charming in a creepy, dystopian way, for me to not wholeheartedly recommend it. If you liked Papers Please, detective puzzles or the Thief thrill of sneaking around people's personal space, you need to buy this one."
76561198006812699,Recommended,475550,26600891,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,The Chosen One,"At its core, this game is a fun, thrilling, and intense game that requires you to juggle several different priorities at once. The base mechanics of installing camera, spying, and blackmailing are outstanding and the game lets you use these tools completely at your will. One of the better games I played this year.One barrier to entry that many people may dislike is the difficulty. I love games of this type but it was pretty difficult to earn a win my first time through, and I can see a good amount of people disliking this aspect.For the value, you will not find a better game, I have just completed my fourth playthrough and I am still finding different ways to play the game."
,Recommended,475550,26617888,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Richard,"This game is actually pretty good in all honesty, I get a constant overfeeling of oppression (exactly the same feeling I get in say Papers, Please). The game does offer you so many options to forward the story in the way you feel is right, giving the option to be good at the cost of yourself and your family, or being bad to benefit them.Overall, I think it's quite a neat game and it's well worth a try; however one thing I believe would be a nice feature would be free-play mode where random stories appear and you're not just progressing one mayor story."
,Recommended,475550,34575426,Posted: 29 August,all,ZHS,Snitching simulator
76561197994486693,Recommended,475550,32770867,Posted: 25 June,all,ADF-Snake,"I didn't know what to expect from this game, but upon playing it I really recommend it to people. Spy on your tenants and report them to the governement... Or do you keep everything to yourself? Whatever choice you make, it will come back to you. Either in a good way or it'll end up getting you killed.It's amazing fun. 8/10."
,Recommended,475550,31340057,Posted: 24 April,all,SereneDefiance,"Super interesting. Will you help your renters? OR will you help the government?Will you play both sides to help your family?I love playing this, the story is interesting and the decisions you make are sometimes challenging, ""I really want to help you...but I need the money soooo...."" I find in the game sometimes making terrible choices.Different decisions can cause drastic changes in the outcome. Love this game."
76561198308808938,Recommended,475550,31483220,Posted: 1 May,all,Raymond,"do not for a second think that:- you daughter is gonna be fine- your son is gonna be fine- your wife is gonna be fine- you have enough money- you can screw around- you have made the right choice- what goes around doesn't come around- you can make everyone happy- you have finished the game by surviving till the endyou are mistaken, there is hardly a happy ending, and you need to play it through again and again to unlock everything.Good game though."
76561198032090313,Recommended,475550,26585491,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Parsatayn,Dark. Difficult. Few good endings. Can you find one? Get ready to cry.I highly recommend.
76561198090501906,Recommended,475550,34756533,Posted: 5 September,all,RorytheRoman,Tried to keep my son in school: FailedPaid to have my daughter checker over; Doctor murderedIn Desperate need for money; Blackmailed TenantTaken and Beaten for Embezzelmant10/10
,Not Recommended,475550,31386000,Posted: 26 April,all,killkenny,"don't mind the play hour, i left it on minimized window and forgot while i was gone.the concept and art are adorable, and suit very well with its atmosphere and overall experience as well as the music.In a short term, it is a mixture of this war of mine and papers please.While I do praise its unique flow of story this title provides, it lacks in freedom and some bad choice of UI design.Very bad sense of time.It takes at least 2 hours for a police to drag a suspect out of a room and takes several more hours to put him / her in police vehicle.and there is one event where the protagonist have to take action of his own because he does not have enough time for a state to send a specialist. The protagonist has literally 10 hours, and a specialist cannot be dispatched within 10 hours?I highly doubt it.There are many series of events with time limitation, and I think it should have been done by days not by hours.For the protagonist's events, it is acceptable why it is designed with time limit for the sense of forcing players to make decisions. Though, it becomes more irritating than challenging. e.g. event where you have to find a way to make up for a sailor as he plans to leave soon, but he ends up living in the property until I decide to frame him or not.random spawning items at your basement.I really don't understand this design decision. Thinking I could get all the items from merchant, but a very random item not-for-sale for one event hiding in your basement only after triggering the event. hmm.profile.while I do understand if I were to write a profile of a new person for the first time, but for the updated information I have to go through all the hassle of writing the apt no. and who the person live with? every single time?and the UI design is not pleasant neither.the idea of forcing to use mouse scroll rather than having a scroll icon for faster look-through for crime announce no. is another bad decision.and the idea of untold date of announcement.I don't know about what others think, but when there is a slot for writing a date, would you write a date a suspect committed a crime or the date of law established?You guessed it right, the date of a law established. The number of law statement means nothing.Took awhile until I realized this tedious idea of date.Overall design of unfolding stories of tenants.If you are lacking of money and / or time, I can literally ignore the confrontation in some occassions.There are consequences to timed events as well as waifu's request, but you can literally agree to help with someone for black market taking the money and never talk back to the person ever again.you can blackmail, frame him away later. I felt this was a game mechanic hole to secure funds for very specific reason for the early task for the family, not feeling sympathy towards certain people I ripped off.peeping through keyhole or unlocking door in front of others do not trigger any alarm at all.and sudden police spawn when stealing too much.I wish there would be a system where tenants begin to suspect landlord for their stolen goods and once they reach their patience they call the police and if I were holding their goods at the time I should be jailed / fined. If stealing happens too much at the property, the state fines you for negligence.Instead, they made a quick cheap method of sudden spawn of police at the moment of you stealing.mismatching a click.you have to click on a floor for a character to move. clicking on a wall nor the floor level itself won't work.manual save system.I think the dev wanted players to feel more desperate and consequences to choices they make / made, but it again is irritating experience. The very beginning requires quite some time to invest which slightly kills replayability value.While I do respect for pursuing a minor topic in the field of game market with a good intention of unfolding stories with great music and art, the overall design and flow of gameplay lack too much to overlook."
76561198347381437,Recommended,475550,29571519,Posted: 29 January,all,vlad.fin,"Awesome!This is a very good game with great presentation and atmosphere. The story is also top-notch. Understood that the developers might be Russian towards the end of the game only because of somewhat familiar style of wordplay. I feel proud of Warm Lamp Games, andDO recommend this game! Keep up the good work, bros."
,Recommended,475550,34592559,Posted: 29 August,all,Yomochii,Enjoyed getting stressed with this game lol
76561198368198766,Recommended,475550,30069671,Posted: 20 February,all,tatianabrrs,"Best purchase! Involving and well paced game. Dark but fun. If you enjoy distopian games games and moral choices, definately pick this one. Also, several endings make for several hours of playing."
76561197966915112,Not Recommended,475550,29078117,Posted: 6 January,all,Erik,"Great basic idea. Obviously brings to mind Papers Please, but the game play - run up and down floors and don't let people see you as you rummage around - is a lot more like This War of Mine. Which is unfortunate, because like This War of Mine, the controls leave something to be desired. A better UI would go a long way.So far only played ""Trainee"" mode, which already seems quite difficult. Then again, I didn't get any particular overarching goal (other than not getting executed for treason?) to fail at.My main complaint, especially in the department of what should be easily fixable, is that the game keeps bombarding me with quests too quickly. (Geez, would my wife SHUT UP ALREADY about all the things she needs?) The writing seems fairly good, but I never have time to enjoy it because I'm frantically running around the building trying to somehow come up with a ludicrous amount of money to save my daughter's life. IMHO, Beholder would probably be better off slowing down the pace, and letting the atmosphere build up more.The way you accumulate money is kind of strange. You'd think that you would get some sort of ""rent"" or so from your tenants. Instead you have quests that pay you anywhere between insignificant and huge sums, somewhat independently of their difficulty. On the other hand I seem to be accumulating a whole heap of Reputation that I can't really use for anything so far. I can buy cameras, but cameras are ""cheap"" relative to the amount of Reputation I'm getting. But apparently having a great reputation with the state is not going to help me at all with keeping my son in school?----------On the whole, I've actually somewhat enjoyed Beholder so far, not least considering the modest price tag. I was going to give it a thumbs up, with reservations. But then I saw the developers respond to the reviewers on Steam, explaining why the players are wrong. Thumbs down.Look, we players are not wrong about how we experience your game. Don't argue - LISTEN. This game still has a lot of potential, but not if you're gonna be arrogant about it."
76561198337360142,Recommended,475550,30360515,Posted: 6 March,all,batteryli,pretty good story line.But its over all a really difficult game.
76561198046808325,Not Recommended,475550,28749356,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Colonel Burton,"If you really want to know what this game is like, read all the negative reviews, I wish I had done.The game is nothing like what it sells itself to be. It pretty much has nothing to do with ""spying"" on your tenants, and you do not have any ""choices"" at all, in the end it's all about framing and blackmailing tenants like crazy to make enough money to get your family seriously expensive stuff. To give you an idea, you can blackmail tenants for 1.000 each time and if you want to solve the game the way I did you will have something like 150.000 costs. This will give you some kind of idea about how ridiculously unplayable it is. Luckily, I found an exploit at some point where I could repeatedly bag 500$ with a glitched dialogue choice and ended up a millionaire and guess what, the game was still tedious as hell to finish and the endings still hair-raisingly stupid.I honestly do not recommend getting it. If you play it ""the way it is meant to be played"" it is just a heartache and frustrating grind.Your choice: A or B?A!! -> You died!....Okay reload...................B!! -> Okay, next choice!Your boy will either end up dying in a bank robbery or in a North Korean Gulag - make your choice!Oh boy, don't you love how your choices affect the moral compass of the story? Actually, any Sierra parser adventure had more ""choice""The mechanics are too restricted in many other regards as well. For example, at one point in the game the ""ministry"" suddenly forced me to put up two new families within an extremely short available amount of time while all my apartments were rented out. I tried many different ways of getting the tenants to leave, like repeatedly harrassing them at night by breaking into their home, repeatedly blackmailing them for the same crime but they by no means wanted to leave, which meant I ended up having to frame the doctor who saved my little girls life and send him to prison. But choices, right? Well, the only other choice I actually had was not to make an apartment available, get arrested myself and then reload the game. This gives you an idea about the ""choices"" you are able to make in this game.As regards the gameplay mechanics, do not expect what the trailers are selling you. You make little or up to no relevant money spying on your tenants, and roughly 5-10% of the information is collected by peeping or camera surveillance. It is actually pretty much breaking into their apartments, searching all their stuff, then reporting the innocent stuff to the government. At the beginning, this seems pretty exciting until you actually figure out that the game is one big sweaty grind to make tons of money and then all you do is blackmail-bomb the living hell out of every single tenant. And I guess this is what got me angry the most: the fact that the sales page is telling you that surveillance is an integral part of the game when it actually ISN'T, but planting illegal stuff in their rooms and blackmailing them for it actually is the most critical part of the game.As regards the actual UI, it got annoying as hell at some point, as some other reviewers have pointed out, your time is very limited and therefore the need to precisely click on doors and floors when under pressure got extremely frustrating at some point. The time available for some missions was simply too short, but it got really frustrating when two critical missions overlapped each other and you were not really able to deal with them both as efficiently as you wanted. It seems to me the developers didn't really put much thought to the pacing of the quests and storyline, to be honest.On another note, the plot is pretty bad from a storyline perspective as well. Supposedly this is some take on a dystopian past in East Germany but it gets a little silly at too many corners. I guess this was supposed to be entertaining but all it did for me was actually take the remaining bit of enjoyment and involvement out of the game. A game like this would have been a great opportunity for a historic take on totalitarian governments, but it seemed so helplessly done, as if a group of 8th graders had been behind it. Some of the dialogues were so pathetic it made me facepalm, for example I had an ordinary ""getting-to-know-each-other"" chat with a new tenant, an old lady, a librarian, I told her I'd ripped some pages out of some books as a kid and whaddya know? Turns out she went to labor camp because of it and oh, did that get her angry to find out it was my fault, she ended up killing me mwhahaha okay reload -> different dialogue option... Still can't stop shaking my head as to how bad the dialogues were at certain points.In any case this was an incredibly presumptuous game to say the least and a huge waste of time and money. This game has nothing on This War of Mine, which I loved playing again and again.The developers would be well advised to rework the entire game content."
76561198180391302,Not Recommended,475550,33897740,Posted: 29 July,all,jadams.projects,"I want to like this, so bad.... The premise seems fun, and the theming is great.... I just... can't get into it. The whole game, for all it's promise of sneaky skull-duggery, is just a series of big chores.... None of which I find compelling or fun. It's too bad, because the trailers and other reviews really had me hooked."
76561198055346620,Recommended,475550,31322083,Posted: 23 April,all,Necrosis,"Sell out your friends for profit? Maybe allow your family to die as you appease the overlords of the government.... This game allows you to be the best, or the worst possible person in existance. :D Very fun!"
,Not Recommended,475550,30080676,Posted: 21 February,all,Raeker,"I want to like this game, I really really do. But it just lacks finesse- it isn't polished enough. I love how your choices matter, like how for example a woman wants a gun and if you give it to her she'll shoot her ex husband. Sure, you spent a lot of money to buy that gun but the fact that she does that is still great, it really shows how not all quests have a good ending. However, money is impossible to get in this game. For example, your daugther will get sick really early on. She needs 20.000 for surgery and I heard some people say that she needs another 15.000 after that. How do I not know this for myself? Because getting 20.000 within the 80-hour timeframe you're given is ridiculous and impossible.Your son needs another 15.000 a day after your daugther gets ill to continue his studies. The time you need to do this? 48 hours. Even though you desperately need money to keep your daughter alive, you also need a lot of money to help with your son's future. And the worst part is? If you don't talk to them, the quest won't start. If you don't talk to them, your daughter doesn't become ill and your son does not need money for his studies. It is as simple as that.What's worse? Your wife wants money too. She needs 500 for groceries and 700 for utility bills. How often? Like once every day- maybe every two days. Not just that, in the middle of your daughter being ill and your son needing to study my wife also give me a quest to buy her a radio within the next 24 hours. Because a radio - that she later puts in YOUR office, even though you'll never use it - is clearly the highest priority, way more important than the lives of your family.Allthough the art style is beautiful and really represents the dystopian future setting, together with the nice and atmospheric music, this game's writing is shallow. Every once in a while you get an article and it does not feel like an actual realistic article made by well respected journalists but instead it feels like something put together by some guy who still lives in his mom's basement. Articles in this game always come together with another article made by revolutionists that tell the so called 'truth'. These articles are even worse and truly don't sound realistic at all and completely ruin the mood.The same goes for the character dialogue. You'll find people saying things such as 'cool' and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ that, once more, do not properly represent the ideas of something like say Orwell's '1984', that this game is obviously based on. Dialogue is boring and onesided. You know what would make this great? If you could ask your tenants how their day was, and every day it'd be something else. Heck, it wouldn't even have to be every day, as long as you could talk to them about something other than that quest you did for them days earlier.I want to compare this game to 'Papers, Please', a game that is beautiful and brilliant and near perfection, set in a Communist republic with brilliant story writing. You know what that game did well that this game didn't do? Of course I understand that they're completely seperate types of games, though the feeling and atmosphere is definitely similair. Or at least, it is supposed to be similair but it fails massively. What Papers, Please' did well is that it didn't let the protagonist talk much. What the protagonist said were always short, snappy lines that made sense- okay, maybe you wouldn't always agree with it, but usually they said something sensible along the lines of 'get out of my booth!'What this game does instead is give the protagonist full sentences. And the things he says are usually not very good. He means good for his family, I am sure, but whenever he talks to his wife he is mean to her. Heck, the choices are bad too. You can either choose between 'make my wife mad' and 'make my wife mad'. This makes it really difficult for me to actually feel bad for the guy when you eventually fail- and trust me, you will fail.Why? I wouldn't know. One time I was arrested for 'embezzlement'. What did I steal? I wouldn't have a clue. I don't recall stealing anything but I was arrested nonetheless.I could continue about what makes this game rather unenjoyable. For example, the gameplay is repetitive. There are supposed to be different options for each quest, but I find that untrue. Sure, some quests do have that, but with say your daughter you need to pay either 20.000 or 30.000- there's no better option there. And you can't do anything to help your son in any other way other than paying the required amount of 15.000.This game is not very good. Does it have potential? Definitely. But in its current state I do not believe it is worth your time or money."
76561198056921152,Recommended,475550,29328769,Posted: 17 January,all,natalie1205,"Challenging gameplay, with a rich atmosphere and story. Every single quest can be completed in multiple ways.  However, because your wife and children's lives are at stake, it is impossible to protect them by only making the good and moral decisions. Blackmail (Kompromat) is a means of survival.There are only two issues I had with the game: the tutorial needs to be better since I had to look up how to do the mechanics of the first mission, and the game could use more flexible saving, especially when the quests become more infrequent (it only autosaves when you begin a new quest).Overall I found the game to be the right level of difficulty and challenge. I restarted it three times. The storytelling and character quests were interesting, the gameplay was engaging, if not frantic at times. I was interested and invested from beginning to end. There are multiple endings (not counting the many ways to die). I found the best ending to be extremely satisfying and well worth the challenge.The story was interesting enough that I replayed it a little to see some of the other endings, which were equally well done. (Quite a few funny Papers Please references in this game also)."
76561198081798839,Recommended,475550,30419987,Posted: 9 March,all,Dom,"I really like this game. I died multiple times and I am still trying to figure the game out but so far so good! I like the challenge! The only thing I would change is the fact that, the story stays the same no matter how many times you restart. This helps you figure out how to do quests and get better at the game in a way but I am wondering about replay value once I will be done with the whole story? We'll see! So far I will keep playing and I can't wait to see what will happen later on!"
76561197963169653,Recommended,475550,33027368,Posted: 30 June,all,Skywalker,Great game. Many possibilities how to play it and get a different ending. You can test yourself by making decissions you never thought you will have to face.
76561198078977554,Recommended,475550,33535800,Posted: 14 July,all,Dr.Zombi,Cool game but it's pretty short. Buy it if it's on sale.
,Recommended,475550,33838803,Posted: 27 July,all,Samsoup,Played for ten hours straight and burst two blood vessles in my eye trying to save my family in this little dystopian hell. Would purchase again.
76561198115250229,Recommended,475550,26594127,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Vulf,"Love the concept of this game and it's really addictive to play! My only issue would be the amount of money for some quests, which is probably a little too ambitious in my opinion and very hard to get a hold of.I have encountered a bug where if I go to talk to someone on a different floor/answer the phone whilst exiting a tenats apartment, the action cancels itself. I also just finished playing today and I had a graveyard cutscene loop over the 'end scene text' as they happened simulatenously.Also...fairly certain I leased a room to a psychopath."
76561198026907554,Recommended,475550,26731945,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Warburton,"This game is built around an incredibly interesting concept, and executed quite well.  I do, however, feel there are a handful of glaring shortcomings that  hold this game back from being a 10/10.  I will do my best to summarize these without spoiling anything, but if you like to go into a game fairly blind, please read at your own risk.1) This game is incredibly short- You will likely find your first few playthroughs of Beholder quite difficult, and will have to restart or replay the game to experience all of the different story variations.  While that in itself is great, I've managed to get through most of them in my twelve hours played.  This game eventually comes to an abrupt stop, disallowing any continued play on that file (other than the few things you can do leading up to your ending).  Ultimately, this means that this game is basically on a timer from start to finish, which brings me to my next point...2) This game is incredibly linear- As you'll likely find in your first couple playthroughs, the first bit of the story is quite linear and allows for little deviation.  While you can manipulate the means to which you do things, the end is still the same.  Even once the game opens up, and allows more choices, you are still on a timed track through the game, with the main objective(s).  Personally, I find this to be a drawback, as I enjoy drastic differences based on the decisions I've made.  Not to say that there aren't ANY, but they are few and far between.3) The English version is riddled with mistakes- I realize some may find this petty, but it REALLY interferes with my ability to immerse myself in a video game.  While a lot of the dialogue 'fits', it's set to very poor grammar and unrealistic responses, which are likely due to a loss in translation.  The few times you hear any actual speaking in the game, after the initial cutscene, it is done by a heavily accented voice that makes a plethora of mistakes in it's pronounciation of words.  While this isn't a deal-breaker on it's own for me, it's definitely something to note.In conclusion:  This game is incredibly fun, and is great if you're looking for a shorter game you can blow through multiple times quickly, in order to see how your decisions impact the characters and finale.  This is a fantastic concept, and I hope to see the developers expand upon it to see it reach it's full potential.8/10"
76561198045382256,Recommended,475550,31360736,Posted: 25 April,all,Bob1004,"It is a simple game with an original concept. You are a landlord tasked on spying on the tenants. You have a few options (camera, search and talking). It is mechanically simple and even after around 2 hours I feel like I have seen what it had to offer. Nevertheless, the experience is worth the price of admission. It is a single concept executed well.I only have a few minor criticisms. Tutorial is  bare bones and fails to explain some key mechanics clearly, e.g. that by clicking on objects you can gain further information by clicking on red text beneath them, which is absolutely key to get through the first mission. Also, there is a sudden jump from needing a couple of hundred dollars to solve problems to needing tens of thousands, with a strict time limit. Having to add the date a government order came into effect is needlessly bureaucratic, but I guess that was the point.I like the art style, it is stylized but functional. Overall, its a good indie game. Its mixes the existential tension of Paper's Please with the surveillance theme of Orwell.Somehow no one question why they have up to 4 fire alarms in the same room while the conditions of the building give no reason to believe that the country even has a fire code. Or that the state's response is not just to shoot whoever reports a fire as unpatriotic and sabotaging state property."
,Recommended,475550,34651775,Posted: 31 August,all,Mad,"**NOTE: This review is still being updated to accommodate any changes in my opinion, updates, etc.**INTRODUCTIONI was browsing through the store until Beholder caught my eye. It had a classic dark and mysterious look, with a shady (pun not intended) character plastered to its thumbnail.I love mystery games. They always have this great classic plot that unravels perfectly. Beholder seemed like an extremely unique game. But was it really worth it? I typically don't buy games that end, because I don't feel like I get my full value. What do you do afterwards? Play the game again? It becomes boring eventually, and then you're left with a game sitting in your library that maybe you'll pick up after a few months or so. A lot of reviews spoke about it being too repetitive, but I thought I'd give the game a try.So, to checkout I went.WHAT BEHOLDER ISPlaying Beholder, you are the Landlord of an apartment complex in a dystopian society. Your job is to spy on tenants, complete quests, and help your family's needs. Your goal? Overall, to survive.It sounds blaringly simple, but trust me... it's a lot more complicated.You start with a decent haul of cash, a few people to take care of, and a family that happens to live in the same building, just in separate area. To your right is your little station of cameras, lists, and papers. Sounds kind of cute, right? A building to manage, right at your fingertips... but is that really it?PLAYINGDuring my gameplay, there was a lot of frustration, intensity, stress, fun, and yelling. Crazy situations that hit you in the head pop up randomly. People that exist to make your life miserable start to arrive. Accomplishing the game is a repetitive process. You'll have to restart at checkpoints in order to solve a situation. It depends on the player, but with other reviews, they went through the same process.In truth, Beholder's a great game, but it's misjudged because of the complex mechanics the game has. People who won't try hard enough can name it asimpossible. People who pick things up quickly will name it aseasy. With the game, you can either choose to play seriously or for fun. Want to get everyone arrested? Go ahead. It's up to you.Which brings me to this paragraph: With Beholder, there's the fun aspect of making your own choices: choose the path of freedom, or choose to abide by the law. The game offers several paths for you to walk on, and every decision, and I will stress by EVERY, affects your game's outcome.I really love the art design in the game. It's playfully fun, but it also fits the game incredibly well. It encompasses the dreariness of the dystopian society everyone lives in, and helps you feel those powerful emotions as well. In this review, you'll see the word ""unique"" a lot. Beholder displays a pitch-perfect atmosphere that embodies its own plot, and with the aspect of being the oh-so-cool-spy, you can't help but really love it.Personally, it's incredibly fun backstabbing people. You can blackmail people for cash, plant illegal items in their apartments and frame them for cash, get people jailed for cash- basically, this game revolves around careful decision making and whether you're willing to do anything to make it out alive. No matter what you choose, bad things will happen, and some good things will happen. It's all about how you play. You can lay back and screw everyone over or be serious and try to get a good ending. The game offers two sides.I mean, apples become illegal at one point in the game. How can you not like it?But I'll warn you: you'll definitely have to play the game over several times to get the best outcome. It's frustrating, annoying, and it's difficult. You'll have to go through a lot of the same processes if you truly want a decent, good, or best result in the game. You'll learn from each mistake, have your stomach flip as soon as you get caught, and lose a few hairs here and there. I make it sound painful. It's painfully fun.The plot is also greatly structured. I love how each decision leads to this, and that leads to that. Something small might even be huge later on. Everything is very carefully planned, and I love it. Each character has an important and certain role to the story. Beholder was wonderfully thought of, and it's very creatively developed.In my opinion, the best way to play is to get as much money as possible. Whether it be blackmail, betrayal, doing insane jobs- get it. Spend it on your family's needs. Your family is probably the most important part of the game, and there will be dire situations in which money is very crucial.THE PROS- Perfect art that fits the setting. I love the art. It really helps display the mood of the story and characters.- A compelling plot. The plot is planned perfectly to all lead into the ending that you get. It's interesting, fascinating, and probably one of the most mysterious games you'll ever play.- Fun. It's a lot of fun. I, personally, love the betrayal aspect. A lot. Getting someone in trouble for having an apple is certainly fun. Jeans were banned at one point, too.- Ridiculous. It's really ridiculous, but it throws you into the harsh truth of a truly imperfect world. And while some things may make you say ""WTF"", they will also leave you saying ""FINALLLYYY!""- Daunting music. Music that makes your ears shiver, whether because it's so good or because it's so frightening.THE CONS- This isn't much of a con, but it's something to look out for. This game requires a lot of management, constant observing, looking, and thinking. It can be grueling, but it's fun. For those who don't like management or repeating the same game over and over, I don't recommend this as much.- Kind of short. I'd say if you want to play the game once (no matter the outcome), maybe 4 hours max. But if you're like me and you want to get the best outcome, maybe 14-20 hours. Or you know, if you're like that guy with 46 hours. I have no clue how you play that much in a game that's accomplishable in 4 hours.BEHOLD! A GREAT GAME. (The pun was really bad).In the end, Beholder was worth it for me. It was surprising, twisting, enlightening, and a lot of fun. The art is AMAZING. The music compliments the play-style, and the plot really blows your mind. Situations you think that wouldn't happenwillhappen. People who you trust will betray you, or vice-versa.The thing that makes this game so great is that it really leaves things up to you. You choose whether your story ends well or ends in the grave, who dies, who survives, or, who gets arrested because theysomehowgot an apple in their dresser. Buy Beholder. It can be a gamble, but for me, it was 100% worth it. I had a friend play alongside me and it was a lot more enjoyable, but even playing alone it's still tons of fun.The following is a real conversation between my friend, Kuep, and I when I asked for a quote:Me: do u wanna give a quote?Kuep: WatUhhMe: I mean u didnt play it but u were with me when i was trying to record 3+ hours of itKuep: HmmmmSAVE YOUR KIDS OKthereMe: .-.That's advice you should definitely follow."
,Recommended,475550,28943252,Posted: 2 January,all,TwilightGumDrops,"Really enjoyable game.I've read some comments that say  that you have to completely restart if you fail. This is untrue, you can go to a previous save which will save at every 'mission' completed."
,Recommended,475550,35459658,Posted: 3 October,all,FabiAnoniem,"Love the game!Got a 50% off card from This War is Mine for this game.And it is the same kind of game, but you dont have the RNG from This War is Mine when you go out searching for loot, it's al in the same world happening!"
76561197995169291,Not Recommended,475550,32212608,Posted: 5 June,all,luisgentil,"Could be more user friendly.I was trying to talk to a tenant in order to get help solving a mission. He is making his bed when I knock on the door. A think cloud indicates that he is coming to answer it, but all of a sudden he decides it's time to pack and move out of the apartment.The game is frustrating at several moments when it shouldn't be. Many of the missions have time limits and are unnecessarily hindered by the tenants' daily routine or sudden events which make little sense.When you knock on a door to talk to a tenant and accept a mission, you expect the tenant with a mission mark on top of his head to come answer, not someone else. The game makes you wait until said tenant is alone in the apartment or comes out of it.The game's interface is a little bit deceiving and makes you believe that it has an element of strategy when it doesn't. You spend your money fixing all the apartments to take in new tenants, thinking that you're making an investment. But there will be no new tenants until a fixed point in the story line comes up. The stores have a bunch of items which are pretty much useless unless a mission requires you to buy them.Overall the game seems to have only one right way to be played."
,Not Recommended,475550,26595180,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Typical_Name,"The game looked really interesting, but it feels very unfinished and there's parts where it's unclear whether a difficulty is an intended feature or a bug (ie, if I talk to people in the wrong order, it's possible to accidentally cut off certain quest lines).I was also very disappointed that the game was a lot more linear than I expected - I had been under the impression that the tenants would be randomized in some way, with a few consistent quest NPCs, similar to the setup in Papers Please, but it appears that everything is predetermined, even including the exact locations of the NPCs' items (judging by the let's play I watched)."
76561198037031904,Recommended,475550,31172585,Posted: 16 April,all,Merulu,"Game-logic: I come sprinting out of their apartment door at full speed with arms full of their belongings and their cupboards now stuffed with contrabrand but because I did so two seconds before they arrived at the door, everything is HUNKYDORY.10/10 would motherland again"
,Recommended,475550,31532210,Posted: 3 May,all,utogaro,Very nice game. Suggest playing on a screen which you can read small font (like 8-12 size) so you dont strain your eyes like i did. You will Read in this game. But It is a very good game very little to complain and the pro far outway the cons.
76561198034257390,Recommended,475550,33126633,Posted: 2 July,all,Odditeas,"I almost returned this game. Almost. But, the fact that a game was encouraging me to spy on neighbors (something I do in real life) kept me.Pros:- Interesting story and characters- I really like the art style.- Hard choices that impact the game (if you can keep up)Cons:- Everything is about money. Don't have enough and it is game over.- The gameplay is more linear than expected. I feel less morally ambiguous as I'd want to be."
,Recommended,475550,33427802,Posted: 10 July,all,Overwhelming Dimples,"When I first saw this game in my queue, I was very unsure as to whether or not I'd like it. It seemed fairly simple and easy to play with no real purpose or difficulty.After seeing it around the store a few times, it finally got onto my wishlist because I can't resist a good ol' strategy game. Especially when they're set in a beautiful dystopian society.When I bought it during the summer sale, I immediately began playing it, and was one of the few games I didn't end up returning. I was instantly hooked and chose this game over games I had been playing for days prior.The game gives you many endings and choices for different outcomes, depending on your playstyle, it effects the entire story. The game is actually extremely difficult, especially if you don't choose Trainee. You get attached to characters but you also end up hating characters based on the little dialogue you may have with them. You can even hate yourself;there was a point where the protagonist had a conversation with a girl telling her that her fulfilling a career in building machines was wrong and she should be doing other things with her time like being a house wife. Honestly, I laughed. But what an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, who says that when they first meet someone?The game is overall a blast.I ended up buying the DLC because I love it so much, and I can't get the game off my mind, always thinking about what I can change and do differently in order to get a new outcome. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,475550,33429047,Posted: 10 July,all,IIEarlGreyII,"This is a really good game, but a lot of big things hold it back from being a great game. The concept is spectacular and the setting is wonderful. I really LOVE the games style and score. I even have the police theme on my ipod. During my first play through, which I failed miserably, I felt like I would be playing this game for ages. But sadly this game is actually rough when it comes to replayability.First of all there are a lot of UI issues that are just annoying. Quickly trying to search a room while someone is having dinner is hard because when you search 99999 windows pop up at once and you have to exit out of each of them individually to move on. Also when you hover over an inventory item it shows a description, but it only reveals itself as important if you click on it as well. This was very confusing and actually felt like a bug on my end than on purpose, because it is ridiculous.Filling out reports is unnecessarily tedious. This isn't Paper's Please where it's a memory game, all of the information you need is in your notebook. But now you have to click around to double check it and then manually enter it into the forms. They probably did this to make it more realistic, but who actually enjoys 'filling out forms' realism? We should be able to just click on their pictures rather than having to double check their apartment number or their job.The tutorial is REALLY annoying. The worst part is that even if you skip the basic tutorial, you essentially are stuck in another tutorial for ten minutes or so. You still have to do a practice install of cameras in the kitchen, and go get the first tenant kicked out, which I honestly wish we could skip when skipping the tutorial. This is especially annoying when you consider that . . .SAVING SUCKS! It is supposed to have a checkpoint system, but those are actually somewhat sparse and I find myself back in situations where I forgot what I was doing. And recently when I tried to go back to my last game it sent me to ANOTHER game and I couldn't find mine anymore. I just had to go through all the starting BS for maybe fifteen minutes, and I tried a new path and was immediately shot. So now if I pick it up again I have to do that basic tutorial mission THAT I JUST DID again. So frustrating.The story is intricate and interesting, but that's it. When you start a new game it's the same tenants and the same missions and in the same order. I feel like I can only play it a few times without getting bored or frustrated.Still though, the feeling of this game is wonderful and I would still recommend it. It would be nice if they fixed some of these basic problems. but it's still a good game.The story they created is very interesting, but it is always the same story!"
,Recommended,475550,34640020,Posted: 31 August,all,Jack The Ripper,"I love this game because of its dark and grim design. The atmosphere in this game feels amazing and this is why i love indie games, they might not look much from the outside, but they are incredibly deep and detailed. In this game choices matter so think twice before doing anything. This game, in a way, reminds me of ""Papers, please"", hell it even has a reference to it.Lets just say, if you liked ""Papers, please"", you will love this one. And even though i got this game on sales, in my opinion, its worth the full price of 9.99."
,Recommended,475550,35379294,Posted: 1 October,all,hed.robin,"One of the best games I've played lately and definitely one of my favorites. It's very dark and story-rich. The reality is harsh and staying a good person is extremely difficult. When I finished PapersPlease several years ago I craved for something similar, and now here it is!I'm so glad to see that ""choices matter"" quests are becoming more and more popular and I hope for one more add-on.I would definitely recommend this game to everyone who appreciates PapersPlease and dystopias."
76561198218934271,Recommended,475550,31985243,Posted: 26 May,all,Uso,"My daughter is dead, my wife and son in prison. it's a good game but, when there's a conversation he still talks about his family (need to be fix). overall, great game"
,Recommended,475550,26513952,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,DarkVitalShadow,"Amazing game with a unique artstyle. The storyline is very abosrbing as you participate in all of the characters survival from the daughter, to the father. I would recommend this game to anyone. My only problem is that there are a few bugs but I can oversee that as I purchased this game on release day."
76561197967219542,Recommended,475550,30345693,Posted: 5 March,all,maverickwoe,"Neat little game !Extremely well done it plays on the same kind of universe than Papers Please. A Country falling slowly into despotism where your choices will affect the survival of you family.As a worker of the government, you're given a building to maintain, but you'll soon discover that you're basically just here to spy for the government.Install cameras, spy by the key hole, talk or search the appartment.Basic actions but the cat and mouse game is exciting.Then, once you figured out what people like or, even worse, what illegal stuff they do, you can file reports to the government, bribe them or send them to jail.Some random intermediate missions will ask you to find specific stuffs for tenants or for your family and can have a dreadful outcome unless you use the government for you and manage to get them in jail before it gets bad for you.The replayability must be nice as there are obviously a few branches in the story where rebels will contact you and you will have to take side without raising too much attention from both factions but the first run was enough for me anyway.My personal experience of the game was : I failed to protect my family, my daughter died from a pneumonia, my son, missing an oportunity to study abroad was shot down on bank robbery while my wife commited suicide, unable to cope with these outcomes... dreadfull... but the good news is that I made plenty of money! CheersBoredom lead me to the path of becoming a rebel stealth assassin while still being in very high spirits of the governement. Though, i was so efficient to put people in jail that I ended up with no tenant anymore in the city but eventualy, the regime fell down and the Country went back painfully on track.Ah well..."
76561198253201379,Recommended,475550,31514277,Posted: 2 May,all,AceNoir,"This game scares me with all of the questionable decisions I make.Also how it  r e a l l y  wants your family dead.Also you, once you get towards the end of the game. You could die from making one decision, reset to the last load, then die making the other decision.This game somehow has more 1984 references than Orwell does"
76561198054011338,Recommended,475550,32849065,Posted: 27 June,all,Il Paci,"Yes, a positive rewiew, but in my opinion it would be a better game if it was a sandbox. The storyline is too short and linear for playing it many times: ok, it is different everytime depending what you do, but when you have always the same tenants, the same missions... Low replayability, so buy it only with sales"
76561198051253452,Recommended,475550,33320873,Posted: 6 July,all,Eliosia,"Strangely fun and addicting. I just picked it up because it was on sale, and I liked the art style. However, I think it's a unique and welcome addition to my games. You find yourself the new and unlucky manager of an apartment building under the supervision of the strict government. You have to struggle to take care of your family with low funds, various wants and needs, and an ever-encroaching danger from your superiors. The moral choices in this game alone are very stressful. Do you report the little old lady for reading a book in the lamplight of her apartment to get a few more funds for your family? Should you murder someone who may kill countless people at the risk of your own life and career? What random tenant is going to shoot you in front of your family?I recommend this whole-heartedly. It's awesome."
76561198066980367,Recommended,475550,26612712,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,The Fluffy Chicken,"A mind messing, stirring and challenging game indeed this is! It is may be difficult, frustrating and panicking during its many eventful events, but it's worth to play through. Because even if you lose, you can just keep playing it again and again. You can't win this game too soon, which is why you have to learn from your mistakes and replay the game with all that knowledge. You use that knowledge, sneakiness and speed to tackle at every stressing obstacle.I have already replayed this game about 10 times, and struggled to save Martha. When I did manage to save up to 20,000$ for Martha's treatment from a friendly doctor, it still gets more hard. For one, you need to spend lots more money to take care of your little girl while paying for necessities and helping your son, Patrick. Stress stress everywhere! Which is why I keep replaying it to tackle obstacles and solve problems how I want to! At least try to. It's so haaaaard.If you are all about challenge and long lasting stressing fun in a dark, mind messing environment, this is the game to go to.Very recommended!"
,Recommended,475550,26736072,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Zombie,It's a dream job. Spying on people getting evidence they do illegal things and get them deported. And it's for the motherland.
76561198062886816,Recommended,475550,28582530,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Wolf Leader,"This game is quite interesting. I must say that if you like games where you have multiple things going on at once, then this is the game for you. Here is a little bit of what I have done. If you follow my choices, you will get the same result. Read if you are willing for a spoiler of a choice, or if you feel like it.I moved in as landlord after I got this letter. My family and I had to move there at once. My kids did not like my new boss, but I tell myself that he is pretty cool. My boss and I want to do what our glorious goverment tells us to do. After I sent the first guy to jail, I laughed as I watched the police beat him. I thought to myself, what power I have. I then proceeded to meet the residents. This one guy did not fancy me all that well. My glorious goverment then gave me a new directive, apples are prohibited. I then found a trader whom I bought apples from. I then placed apples in the guys house who did not like me. His wife was beat and sent off, then it was his turn. I regret nothing. Soon after my youngest child died because I forget to find her medicine. Poor child, but I cannot let me emotions get in my way from serving my goverment! I then was asked to give someone a box. He told me not to open it. I said I would not open it, but took it to my house and did just that. There was a gun inside, which was recently prohibited. I jumped into action as I was going to go report him. He then confronted me wondering where his box was. I did not have enough money or reputation to lie to him........ He did not like the truth. I watched his anger boil within him, fueling him like a demon from hell. I seen the silver blade emerge from his coat as it slid into me. I then watched as my blood poured on the ground. Death. Fun game. 10/10 play again."
76561198065050634,Recommended,475550,32746418,Posted: 24 June,all,LordSteakington,"Joked with a 60 year old woman, who hates children, about destroying books as a kid.Got shot in the head with some kind of blowdart and bled out on the floor immediately10/10 would joke with grandma again"
,Recommended,475550,26537444,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,GvXx,"Like This War of Mine, Beholder is the kind game that make you depressive, but you'll still want to continue. For those people who like this kind game,  it's a very good game.I try to save all of my family at first,  but in the end, i save nobody but myself. :cIt's awesome this game provide full Chinese audio, in the other way, however, the translation isn't good. Hope soon they can fix it.9/10"
76561198202336391,Recommended,475550,26612122,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,JXLIEW,Great game comes with great responsibility.
,Recommended,475550,31795455,Posted: 16 May,all,Corn,"I happened to stumble across Beholder, and I'm so glad that I did. Right when I saw the opening cutscene, I was hooked. The artstyle is unique and fits the mood and tone of the game amazingly well, and the music in it also fits the atmosphere perfectly. The story is very engaging, and I genuinenly found myself feeling responsible for the fate of myself, the fate of the characters around me, and the fate of my country. I got chills seeing the blantantly obvious similarities between the government in this game and that of a real dictatorship/communist country, which made me feel even worse when I went through a ""gold standard citizen"" run (I don't know what else to call it) and was purposely going out of my way to get my tenants arrested and sent off to their, implied, deaths, and to let my family die. But this is good, as it shows how invested you get in this game.The only real problems I had with the game was the fact that it would occasionally run a bit slow (but nothing unbearable), and that sometimes the text wouldn't be grammatically correct (but it was always little things and the meaning behind what was being said was never lost). In short, Beholder is a really great game that you should play. Or else I'll have to report you to the ministry for not listening to our great leader's orders!"
,Recommended,475550,27091252,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tired,"You have a needy idiot son, and a wife who demands unnessary items every hour. How I got the money? Blackmailing, profiling, stealing tenants items and reselling, selling all the items in my apartment. I even sold the gifts that were meant to be given to my daughter. I don't feel bad about it. It's pretty fun."
76561198233453260,Recommended,475550,26621139,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Haha Funny Meme,"Tutorial mission: Ah this is easy, just set up the cameras, blackmail the guy, then double cross him and send him to jail. Life is good!Rest of the game: Quest 1: Save daughter from deadly disease.Quest 2: Save son from being sent to work in the mines.Quest 3: Send guy to jail for reading subversive literature.Time to complete these missions: Not enough!UPDATE: I recently nominated this game for the ""I'm not crying, there's something in my eye"" Award. The reason i think this game deserves this award is for the fact that no matter what you do in the game, you end up hurting someone in one way or the other. When you need to get something for one of your family members, you either have to steal from your tenants, or sell them out to the government, who will do god knows what to them. This is a game where being a man of principle is suicide..."
,Recommended,475550,28513127,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Bepis,"-Rebuild apartment for motherland and let someone move in-That person gives me an offer so if I sell the canned fish they give me and give them 3000 I can have the rest-Give canned fish for buisnessman and he says to wait, so I do-Buisnessman comes back and gives me 1500, I can't even pay the person back-Go to person and talk-Get given the option to flip them off since they are being a total♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-Flip them off-Promptly get shot and killed by that person-End credits roll-Turns out none of my family live and all of them die after a year10/10 got killed for giving the bird to a person who really needed it"
76561198356034596,Recommended,475550,34074438,Posted: 6 August,all,Isaac Salisbury,"The game shows the serious reality. The distinct character of NPC, the abrupt events, black humor, follies of the laws, these are so hard to imagine. This game makes me cross the tunnel of time and space, reached the black age."
76561198354041075,Recommended,475550,31113150,Posted: 13 April,all,alexbali255,"Amazing yet short. Not really worth 10 dollars for 36 minutes worth of gameplay. Im sorry, but heres some feedback.Maybe add an Endless mode? Basically just average gameplay you see in the campaign but no end."
,Recommended,475550,31343917,Posted: 24 April,all,Saki Strife,"I received this as a gift from a friend, and I must sat I highly recommend it!! It is an incredibly addictive, and unique, game.There are a few feautures that I think could be cleared up, like: when knocking on the door you can request for certain people to answer, or maybe ask if you can come in. Also, when you are set a new mission it is not always clear what you need to do, or who you need to talk to, and with some time limits this can be frustrating.I've only played the trainee mode so far, and plan to play the elite at some point to get a feel of what the game is really like, but I have at least 5 hours on it already (and have only had it for two days), so I think that speaks for itself.10/10"
,Recommended,475550,26523622,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Komutan,"Thanks to this game, now I know that if given a choice between being the tormentor or the tormented, I'll always choose the latter.Power to the people!(he shouts as he watches the police car stopping in front of the aparment...)"
,Recommended,475550,29330263,Posted: 17 January,all,Beeter,"The game is really interesting, giving you a string of choices that will affect the future of the game. Many complain about the speed, but once you're able to handle how to play the game, it's realtively swift. The game can have hard choices, but one can always go back to a previous save, so it's a thumbs up for me."
,Not Recommended,475550,30126331,Posted: 23 February,all,󠀡󠀡BOOhemotty󠀡,"Beholder, 23rd February 2017: A superb idea, with great art, music and voice direction, let down by one key aspect: family-based requests.The idea of Beholder is that you have won the job lottery in [insert political joke] and have become a landlord. You are informed by the government that you must spy on your tenants and report them for crimes, which change based on daily promulgations.The decisions you make are not always easy; balancing family crises and flexing limited power over other humans, and that is the real allure of this game, which I would have wholeheartedly recommended if it was not for a single fatal flaw.You can ignore your family.Just ignore them! Don't look at them. If you ignore them, time sensitive and expensive ""quests"" do not populate, so there's never any real danger. There is no threat. It is similar to Prison Architect, where you don't have to accept prisoners right away, you can deny access to the prison and sit and wait for your money to accumulate. The difference is that in PA, once you have money, you can still have a challenging game thereafter. When you have money in Beholder, you're good, you're golden. There is no challenge.You could look at this as a player-regulating difficulty mechanic, but for my enjoyment I would have preferred a ticking clock that I had no ability to counter.So, do I recommend it? Urghhhhh. Difficult question. I genuinely think it is a good game. I like how it plays and controls, I like the interactions between the characters, and the moral decision about whether or not to help people out in a terrible situation or report them to the authorities for harbouring apples that I planted in their dresser, but as soon as I twigged that (what I perceive to be a) flaw in the crisis system I lost my enjoyment of the game almost immediately. It was stripped of its challenge, and since the challenge drives the narrative it means that it strips the investment in the story and the characters.I can recommend it if you're interested in reading dystopian fiction, as it performs its part superbly, but I cannot recommend it as a game at this time. I look forward to seeing more of the developer's work, and if the family quest aspect is altered, I'm sure to come back to it."
76561198006553629,Recommended,475550,26630190,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Skadush,twisted and fun
76561198223602208,Recommended,475550,26663867,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,ExistentialCrisis,"There are many different decisions to make that affect your ending/way to get fired. You can frame people for commiting a crime, or actually catch them commiting one. You can choose to be part of a revolution, or obey the Ministry of Order. It's really fun and replay value is great! (I've already played it three times since getting it lol)"
,Recommended,475550,26683998,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,C0re,"Your job is to collect information, report to the police, profile tenets all while you try to make ends meet to take care of your family. Be careful; say one wrong thing and you'll be thrown in jail or worse, dead. Whether your motive is to help the state or further the resistance, do it quickly and no questions asked. Isn't that happiness?"
,Recommended,475550,26698882,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,DEADMAN,"Great game for small price.Each action has consequnces, so you need to choose wisely.Pressure from both sides of conflict and your family.Sometimes a good decision may lead to bad consequences in later gameplay.The savegames are created automaticaly like checkpoints."
,Recommended,475550,26710465,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,angrymonkey,"Though held back by poor english and a few bugs, this game is wonderfully entertaining. If you play it understanding that you can't always do everything right and that the idea is to prioritize and in order to do so make sacrifices, then you'll enjoy it. You will have to bribe and extort people. You will be bribed and extorted. Some of the choices you make will result in deaths.Also the art style is beautiful and fluid.I had no issues with crashing but I did run into a few bugs. Like not being able to report a certain tenants crimes and not being able to tag people with guns as commiting a criminal act after guns are outlawed. Nothing that I would call game breaking though. Considering that this is basically a flash game I'm sure the bugs will be fixed sooner than later."
,Recommended,475550,26719784,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Concrete Galoshes,"This game would be ""This War of Mine's"" creepy uncle that always shows up drunk to family functions.Same uncle who would ""accidentally"" hit on your distant cousins, resulting in your cousins not coming to another out-of-state family get together.Style wise it is very ""This War of Mine"" except you have adorable communist shadow figures, and more of a ""sketched"" art feeling with the environment around you.Personally I feel like the tutorial isn't much help as is. It is rather vague, but with expert google skills I figured out why I was doing a terrible job as a sluml.. landlord within minutes. (Click the words that are in RED on searched items!)Gameplay is very fluid, lots of sneaking and creeping here. Installing cameras in fire-detectors, peeping through keyholes.Going through tennants personal items as they stand outside for 6 hours waiting for the bus.All the basic landlord fundamentals can be found within this game.Quests. Game has quests! Wasn't expecting the set in stone Campaign feeling the game has.Game at the moment does not have a ""sandbox"" mode of any sort, so you'll be stuck playing the same loop of missions AND tutorial on new games.Game does offer you the ability to skip the tutorial, but you do end up doing half of it regardless.There are a ton of time sensitive missions/tasks. But I still find plenty of time to have a few days off to creep on some peeps, file reports and earn some moneyto shovel in my wifes face for groceries as our daughter dies of pnuemonia because I cant afford treatment.Unfortunately like others have said, the game doesn't give you much choice when it boils down to quests with ""options"". Choosing the wrong thing can often lead to a failed game.A few of my games have been cut short due to poor execution and/or just bad timing from random events, causing chaos and failure.The only difficult dynamic this game beholds is the need for money.Most the tasks require absurd amounts of cash, back to back to back.If I were you I'd buy this game, and disregard the people who say it's tedious.This is probably one of the rare micro-managment sided games I've played, that still allows for fun on the side."
76561197969238827,Recommended,475550,26732715,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Irish Spike,A very interesting concept. Love history and seems like a very Stalin-era Russia setting. Nice graphics. Lots of different outcomes. One decision can make a big difference. Only completed it once but had a fair few failed attempts. Definitely worth ten euro.
,Recommended,475550,26733798,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Cucuusa,It's a great game with a couple of different playstyles but I managed to complete it without problem on what at this time is the hardest difficulty in around 4 hours. I'd only reccommend it if you don't mind a short but sweet experience.
,Recommended,475550,27320091,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Pi3,"I found this game while randomly browsing Steam. When I bought it, I didn't expect much.This game is a gem.The story is great. The goal is simple, but the game is difficult.The art is simple yet beautiful.The soundtrack is just great.This game is definitly worth your money."
76561197992814822,Recommended,475550,28059373,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,number13,"Have played just under two hours of this title so far, but loving it and wish I had more time to play. The game looks like Limbo and Fallout Shelter had a baby - in a good way - and the gameplay is sound. The setting is tense and builds atmosphere well, and the stories the tenants have are pretty cool. I'm sure I've not unlocked half of the game's intrigue yet, and so looking forward to spying through some more keyholes.I only have one minor quibble - I wish there was a way to zoom out far enough to see the entire building, though, as sometimes things will be happening in the basement and I don't realise - and because I use a trackpad most of the time, it can be a tad fiddly because of that."
,Recommended,475550,30032475,Posted: 19 February,all,Hemmels,"Very well presented management/decision based game. Can get repetitive with the same characters/stories every play through, but I guess this is what is going for. Meta-knowledge and failing fast are the way forward; no point in just wiki-ing as this would spoil the game.It's fast enough paced, (and you can speed up time if you want to) and the story/setting/atmosphere fits the game nicely. There doesn't appear to be any real ""end game goals"" other than trying to survive as long as possible, whilst picking up achievemetns and learning as you go.Probably worth experiencing, even if it doesn't stick with you and keep you engaged."
76561197964143382,Recommended,475550,30043236,Posted: 19 February,all,Guidsmaster,"Great game that can keep you engrossed for several hours. If you want to truly succeed, you'll need to plan and manage your time wisely.Unfortunately it still has an early access feel to it, as though it were rushed. I truly hope the Devs are not done with this, and continue to improve and expand upon the existing concepts.Some examples are how the characters gradually become less and less interesting, and by the end of the game, most new tenants offer nothing at all."
76561197971724802,Recommended,475550,31453137,Posted: 29 April,all,Pontifex Maximus,"You’re the landlord of an apartment complex in a country with an authoritarian government, obsessed with control over its citizens.  At the behest of the Ministry of Order, you must ensure your tenants, and family, are loyal subjects of the state.  If you fail you will suffer the same fate as your predecessor, dragged out in front of your tenants beaten and hauled off to jail.You do have a choice, though. You can look the other way while doing just enough to keep the Ministry of Order happy.  Whether you choose to follow the Ministry’s orders or not, you are provided with the tools to spy on your tenants.Beholderisn’t a sandbox game, there is a set story.  The choices that you can make, can guide the game towards different outcomes.  While profiling tenants, you get to know them.  They’ll tell you about their families, their lives, their work, and so on, which gives these faceless character’s depth, and a reason to care about them.The game does a good job of giving you the feeling of living in this oppressive state.  The dark color tones, paired with the music give an ominous feeling that you are being watched.  The characters are all in silhouette, adding to the mystery, yet all the characters are distinctive.  It is a beautiful example of a game not needing life like graphics to convey a powerful message.THE GOOD- Forces you to make difficult choices- The Characters are well-developed- Good use of background musicTHE BAD- The AI behavior is too random- There are not enough penalties for getting caught spying7/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY |GOOD| GREAT | AMAZING | MASTERPIECE"
76561197985788085,Recommended,475550,31469579,Posted: 30 April,all,The Fifth Dentist,"35 minutes in: I am an eager cog in the machine who is back on track with his family to boot.70 minutes in: my daughter is dying, my son is about to get kicked out of school, and an old man in my building is planning on killing me.10/10 mirrors real llfe perfectly."
76561198089769631,Recommended,475550,33455566,Posted: 11 July,all,cabbitx3,"if you like to stalk people, spy on them, steal their♥♥♥♥♥♥ and kick them out when they♥♥♥♥♥♥you off - then you will love this game. i love the storylines and how you can complete each mission in many different ways. i find this game quite challenging but there's a lot of replayability.  5/5!"
76561198373322912,Recommended,475550,33473901,Posted: 12 July,all,Isabelle,good   game.
76561198002394860,Recommended,475550,27575724,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Linto1234,"A game heavily inspired by Papers, Please! More of a game about meeting monetary and influence goals however. You often find yourself stealing from the tentants that you are supposed to be spying on just to keep your family alive. Great game, but hard as hell."
,Recommended,475550,28718051,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kuggar,"Length - 6 hours (my first playthrough)Replayability - 10/10 (4 times now!)Value for money - 10/10 (£4.68, 33% off in sale)Absolutely brilliant. Really love the Tim Burton art style, and the character development is superb.The developers have really hit the nail on the head with the whole ""The Ministry"" dictatorship. Really makes you think before you do anything against the Great Leader!You get an intense sense of dread when the police show up when you haven't called them yourself. ""What Have I done?!"" ""Why are they here? Run!"" etc.Would definitely recommend this to anyone that wants to play something different."
76561198094489026,Recommended,475550,30021109,Posted: 18 February,all,ThunderBolt,"Very entertaining, funny and sometimes sad but educational, I recommend it"
76561198181294062,Recommended,475550,33796856,Posted: 25 July,all,Novachure,Nice visual schematism. Very entertaining. Easily addictive. Been playing for 10+ hours and still holding strong.
76561198150248222,Recommended,475550,34576312,Posted: 29 August,all,Pickle Rick!,"If U ever wondered, how it was to work for the KGB, wonder no further..."
,Recommended,475550,26626025,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Nev=NN=HaCKER,"First time on steam bought something has Chinese audio, cool (第一次见到全中文音频的游戏，感觉还不不错)"
76561198165067946,Recommended,475550,29999882,Posted: 17 February,all,FighterPilot15,"This game is amazing. I have used steam for the past three years now and I have many games in my account. This is the first time I have ever written a review for a game and this game deserves it. The simplicity of it is just amazing but it's also complex just as much as it is simple. The plot is perfect and the art style is even better for this type of game.Plot:You take the place of a man and his family moving to an apartment building where you're given the job of spying on your tenants and making sure that they abide by all of the laws created by the state. But that's not the only thing you do in this game, you also occassionally get tasks from the ministry to do certain things and they're not the only ones giving you jobs to do, but that's all i'm going to say about that.Art Style:The art style in this game is as i've said before, phenomenal. It matches the game so well with how simple the characters bodies are drawn and the animations for them are no less then perfect.Is it worth it?Yes, this game is worth every penny just because all of the plot and designing that went into this masterpiece. Now I bought it when it was half off but it's only ten dollars full price when I feel the price should be at least twenty.Cons:There are no cons this game is beautiful.Note:If there are any spelling mistakes then I'm sorry but I just played this for six hours straight and it's currently one o'clock in the morning for me so I'm really tired."
76561198220013440,Recommended,475550,33223946,Posted: 4 July,all,TheMartMan,Reported my family members for money lol.
76561198199077541,Recommended,475550,26625613,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Fireshade,"I love te game, just wish their was more randomness in the encounters, and more things to do in game."
76561198075311228,Recommended,475550,31452729,Posted: 29 April,all,NinaWindia,This is a very cool and fun game! Hard but fun!
,Recommended,475550,33183458,Posted: 3 July,all,Piper9080,"A dark game that measures, weighs and tests your morale code and decide whether to help the people in need or to follow your job to the bone.I am amazed by this game's intrigue as, similar to Paper's Please in terms of premise, it places you as the landlord tasked to spy on your tenants hobbies and illegal actions. These tenants will test your morale code whether you wish to help them with their needs against government orders or to do it in order to save face.This game perfectly captulates a totalitarian world where you have the obligation to save your family and yourself or damn them in favor of your job. There were times where I regretted my decisions on reporting certain tenants and housing certain tenants as well, but there are times where you have the opportunity to get back at those people.You will also be given the chance to help a revolution or stick by the government, no matter how vile and gruesome the bureaucratic party has done.I am joyful, even enthusiastic, in getting a game like this and wonder as to why it hasn't gotten any attention.10/10 would blackmail devs"
,Recommended,475550,33192312,Posted: 3 July,all,gocha251,"The whole visual degisn looks very lovely.Conversely the music is so dark ,which makes you so upset all the time.Sometimes the game made me nerverous.There were 3 or 4 missions which need to carry on in the same timeBut it gave me a lot of satisfaction after all works completed.Very recommend this game!!"
76561198120748625,Recommended,475550,33216119,Posted: 3 July,all,Shaco The Koala King,plays 5 missions kid has cancer ... hardcore fam
,Recommended,475550,33467185,Posted: 11 July,all,loofychan,"I bought this game because I was longing for some more Papers Please - and although I didn't quite scratch that itch, this game was the closest I've yet to find. I didn't find myself as immersed in the story, but the dystopian world and moral decisions felt very familiar! I loved the art style, particularly the little black and white characters.The basic gameplay idea was great (spy on your tenants, rummage through people's stuff and try and keep your family alive), but the implementation was sometimes a little clunky - moving your field of view, zooming in and out and clicking the small icons was often a bit fiddly, especially in time pressured situations. The book interface for submitting reports, looking up the rules and checking who lives in the building could also be better designed - the whole process never felt like it flowed or was particularly satisfying. Just a bit clunky, and I never got into a flow state with it, like I did with Papers Please.I really enjoyed the quests, but I often felt overwhelmed with the number I had at once, and with the time pressure. This meant I was rushing through some of the quests without really reading the content properly, and I would have enjoyed it more if I had more time to stealthily snoop around rather than constantly rushing from pillar to post. I would recommend that you check it out, but I didn't fall in love with it and didn't feel like I wanted to replay it to watch the other endings."
,Recommended,475550,34609332,Posted: 30 August,all,Chizu~,"Starting the game, they asked me to choose the difficulties.Trainee mode or Government elite mode.Because I underestimate the game, I think it's an easy game, so I chose Government Elite Mode.Choosing the government elite mode for a newbie like me is a wrong choice itself... LOLIt's hard to make money and even harder to buy some things because everything is so expensive.First time playing. I got my daughter died from illness, my wife killed in a riot and my son got taken away by the government. Not to mention that I got killed by a tenant.Graphic: 8/10.  So simple yet artistic. I like this kind of graphic in games.Music: 8/10.  The give me goosebumps and makes me feel like I'm in a country like Arstotzka (Paper Please)Story 10/10. Every choice matters. And they have lots of different endings that makes this game more funGameplay: 9/10. It's so simple yet so hard. you only need to use your mouse and WASD for the camera. It only lacks saving feature. They only have autosaves feature that makes you confuse when you want to load them. I think it's better if they also have a feature that we can save the game whenever we want.Overall: TOTALLY RECOMMENDED. For people who want to pass their free time with a casual yet challenging game. And it's even worth every penny."
,Recommended,475550,26591957,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,TheCraftingEdge,"Very fun game! Have a lot of time with fun and wise decisons. Love the fact that you can fast forward overall a nice touch to anygame, 9.4/10"
,Recommended,475550,28152900,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,blue,"Game made me cry, it is very tearjerker story, which is taking place in country pretty same to Arztozka, there is even an easter egg about it. But i think its 9 out of 10 becuase of its' speed, its too fast for such a drama"
,Recommended,475550,28956599,Posted: 2 January,all,Felix,Neighbours from 1984.
76561198055232346,Recommended,475550,29258110,Posted: 14 January,all,ashaerekson,"Fun, challenging, and beautiful. Definitely recommend."
76561198089402095,Not Recommended,475550,30054389,Posted: 20 February,all,MegaAmpen®@youtube,"While the basic plot is innovative and new, working as an informant for the oppressive goverment, this game gets old pretty damn fast.The layout is somewhat like ""This war of mine"", only that in this game you only have the same building over and over. Another thing that differs from that game is that this one has a very linear story, every time you start a new game, the same things will happen, in the same order, with the same actions needed, and the same outcome due to what choice you make. Then this game is more focused towards a black sense of humor than the serious base that's part of this war of mine.All in all, it's fun the first time, but doing it a second run or third, just is truly repetitive since it's completely the same story. If  you consider it, pick it up on a heavily discounted sale. I got my game on a 50% discount (€5], and I doubt it was worth it."
76561198010951974,Recommended,475550,31336433,Posted: 24 April,all,メＭａＳｇＲｕＴメ,"This game has chabged my view on politics.Well, not THAT much, since I've never been pro totalitarism, but it helped me imagine the futilestruggle of people living in such conditions.I've started a game with an intention to be a good and helpfull man. Helping neighbours and trying tolimit my reports to the strict minimum.The game quickly grabbed my morality by the neck and forced me to choose between bigger evil or even bigger evil.Struggling for survival of your familly you are forced to make choices you don't like. And trust me, noone will come to you and pat your back. Noone will understand your motives.I've never before had a game make me question my motives and decisions. I've played games like ""This War Of Mine"", but they usually let you play a good guy through the game and make it.This game? I salute to anyone who manages to finish this game without ruining someone's lives."
76561198140433634,Recommended,475550,31345862,Posted: 24 April,all,watasaya,.......Holy S.. This game successful depressed me. Nice job.Amazing Graphic and music.
76561197971434473,Recommended,475550,28482593,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Za_Uvek,"Papers Please meets This War of Mine, cool short game that's worth the price. Being a landlord is a more than satisfying experience, especially from an oppressive regime 1984 style of setting. Hard to make the choice between staying loyal to the government and working with the militia to rise up against the powers that be. All the while trying to keep your family alive. Check it out, a lot of fun."
,Recommended,475550,28778431,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Schlafgut,"A surprising very good game. if you like ""Papers, Please"", this game gives you the very same feeling but much better free-style ways to play. If you like ""game of thrones"", you will find the agony of your choices again in this game."
,Recommended,475550,26612234,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Dr.Bear,It's a great game. The graphic is beautiful. I think it's a little bit difficult at first. I think it's a great game for people who love this kind of game.
,Recommended,475550,28111657,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Miles Dingus,Like papers please. Would benefit from a proc gen endless mode.
76561198170398743,Recommended,475550,28268948,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Alex In Wonderland,"I love this game to no end. It's difficult (though luckily they recently put in the ability to change difficulty) and an interesting experience. I love everything you can do and all the quests you're able to do. If you get sick of a neighbor or wife just send 'em to jail! I'm still learning this game, but I recommend it endlessly! I love this game."
,Recommended,475550,32752084,Posted: 24 June,all,Darkfirock,This game captured me a lot more than I expected! I'm so invested in what's going on and I enjoy the various aspects of the game. It also has just enough ease of access as it does challanging aspects. Good Stuff!
76561197998740055,Recommended,475550,28583267,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Spacemania,"I imagine this may sound odd, but personally I did not care for the game - HOWEVER that is due to my tastes in games NOT the quality of the game. I do enjoy how smooth it was rendered and I can tell it is quite story rich from the elements that I did play through. The mechanics of the game are well branced and leaves you with more than one path forward. Its another great title for the budget gamer who loves mystery and spycraft."
,Recommended,475550,29989210,Posted: 17 February,all,K_N_O_B__H_E_A_D,"The hardships of a typical citizen in Soviet Russia. This game is VERY hard.This game will also probably make you think about your life today, and make you extremely grateful that the Soviets were somehow destroyed. I say somehow because this game makes it look impossible.It also might not, but in that case you shouldn't play these games."
,Recommended,475550,26558936,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Statistx,"Overall I like this game. It offers pretty unique ideas and the artstyle is fitting. (reminded me of the bleaker parts of Little Inferno)You get a ""Papers, Please"" vibe with the story, athmosphere, filling out reports and needing to get the smaller details right and decisions you have to make.You can definitely play this through more than once, but that also brings me to one of the more negative parts:Each tenant is tied to certain story pieces and the first 3 are always the same, with the ones you let move in following a similar part (with that I mean you CAN decide who to move in after the initial ones, but you choose between 2 or 3 that will stay the same til everyone was there at least once), so every replay has big chunks of repetition.If you compare that to ""papers, please"" where you had randomized NPCs, but also a few storydriven ones that show up every playthrough, only in this game they all are story NPCs.That brings me to something where I'm not sure if its good or bad and probably depends on opinion:Since they all have a story purpose, they also often tie together and the game is more a puzzle of which NPCs work together instead of a management game that leaves you a little more freedom to breathe.I would have loved the game to be more leniant with the time you get and also add some random non-story NPCs that are just there to get money for. (Just put in tenants with few text lines that randomly have illegal goods you can spot and report to get money)The game mostly teaches you the stuff you need to know, but for example I had a NPC that needed a gun and I knew another one had one. I could even ask him about it and marked it in his report earlier, but I could not figure out how to get it (asking him about, trying to tell the other about it, searched the room) and then the timer of the quest ran out and i lost both tenants (the one with the gun got removed by the police, guess cause there was no more story to him?)Also some things simply didn't work as I thought they would, which I blame on the game NOT telling me how to do it.Example: I put illegal goods into the room of someone, but never figured out how to snitch him to the police about it.It would also be nice if already sent files stayed archived so you can just add new info to them instead of rewriting them completly.So in summary: Unique game with nice style and good story.Good for several playthroughs, but repetetive parts and not much freedom in the progression, since you have timers on the quests and with some things you need to figure out how the game wants you to handle it, instead of being intuitive."
,Recommended,475550,28647910,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,•Nia•,Money.
,Recommended,475550,28763948,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,The_Iron_Minotaur,"You are in charge of a rundown apartment while serving the Minstry. Yup! It's another 1984 styled game and this time we are heading for the apartments. You are tasked to spy on your tennets and possibly your own family for the State and report any wrongdoings. This has a bit of morality to it so be prepared to make some choices.The game has two modes. Trainee and Government. Trainee is straightforward and easy for new players. While the ""Government"" mode offers more choices and challenges while trying to keep the player on their toes. The visual art style is impressive while each of the tennets and your family are fleshed out as characters as they live their lives in a 1984 world. There is at least 2 problems with the gameThe first is with the game's controls. It's all clicking. Now your thinking to yourself (Well duh) but! It's the kind of clicking where you click on something where you know it's there but the game doesn't recongize it until you actually click on the object in question. ""Door? What door?"" *Clicks on the actual door* ""OH! That door! silly gamer""And secondly, there is no manual save. Everything is done before and after a quest. So make sure you know what you are doing in the game you can ask the Minstry for assistance which is nice. The game is detailed with it's explanation.In the end just like Papers Please! This game does a nice job with it's 1984 themes and straightforward gameplay. While there are issues both big and small, this game is still worth it."
76561197972482853,Recommended,475550,28227963,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Blue,"I played this game for the first time and it only took an hour or so.  I was pleased with it but a little disappointed it wasn't longer.  Then I let it sit.  Three weeks later I'm back playing it through again, making different choices, seeing how things change.  And again, trying to accomplish specific goals for myself.  And again, trying to accomplish something else.I don't agree with reviewers who say that the game is too limited and lacks replayability.  You see different stories and different options based on things you did earlier in the game.  In my most recent game, I unlocked a whole set of additional challenges that I had no idea were even possible, because I focused my attention differently in the beginning of the game.  You can play through the entire game without dying pretty easily, it's not a roguelike in that sense; but it shares with that type of game the quality of being different and challenging in a different way every time you play through it.  You need to replay it in order to see the whole game, and I think it's pretty clear that it was designed that way.I also have to say there's something really appealing about the cartoony art juxtaposed with the silhouetted characters.  The soundtrack works perfectly.  Like Papers, Please (another favorite of mine) Beholder makes some statements about the cost of living in and cooperating with totalitarianism through gameplay, without beating you over the head with them."
,Not Recommended,475550,35505406,Posted: 5 October,all,Nice,"I bought this game for $5 (I had This War of Mine coupon), and I wouldn't do that again. I like the idea of the game but you have to do very repetitively quests which makes the game boring."
,Recommended,475550,30027624,Posted: 18 February,all,Tony,♥♥♥♥in Commies.
76561198254849211,Recommended,475550,31326716,Posted: 23 April,all,..,this game convinced me not to get married
,Recommended,475550,31395612,Posted: 27 April,all,Deadly Dorito,"A gritty look into todays society and what it could be. Beholder is an excellent srategy game that makes you think, makes you question and is jam backed full of references.Would recommend"
,Recommended,475550,28138551,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Шиба,"Прошел игру за 2 часа.-Пришла посылка с оружием, скинул все на сына. Его повязали и увезли.-Дочь умерла.-Жену сдал из-за чтения книг.-Жена выяснила что я подставил сына, прибежала ко мне с пистолетом и случайно застрелила.В игре очень много концовок. Можно пренебрегнуть принципами и сдать человека из-за чтения книг, который помог твоей семье много раз. А можно покрывать наркодиллера, который читает книги и ест рыбу(это будет запрещено) из-за того, что он дал твоей жене сковородку. Супер игра, рекомендую."
76561198241346788,Recommended,475550,26623478,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,CripplingDepression,This game is so fun sorry thats all i can say XD
76561198091132763,Recommended,475550,31186285,Posted: 16 April,all,Jzigzags,"This is a very dark game with a great ""1984"" atmosphere. The soundtrack fits the theme well and the gameplay never seems to drag, considering how there's always something to focus on.If you do get it though, just be aware that it has little replayability. This isn't a survival or sandbox type of game. It's a linear storyline game, where your good and bad actions affect the epilogue, but not much else. Also, the ""stealing"" mechanic is highly underprogrammed, considering how officers will know whether you are or are not stealing at random times, for literally no reason at all.Summarized:+Dark dystopian atmosphere+Nice Soundtrack+No bland, dragging moments-Short story-No ""free play"" or ""survival"" modes-Broken ""stealing"" mechanics"
76561198065674844,Recommended,475550,28234632,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Nev1n,One of the best indie games i've played so far.I've received the worst ending in the game - everyone died! But this motivated me to start a new game.Thanks to developers for incredible experience.
76561197991257362,Not Recommended,475550,33204830,Posted: 3 July,all,gjhall71,"Really liked the game initially - but it becomes all to apparent no matter what you do - you will end up failing. The money you have to collect to save your daughter (10k, then 15k) - just is nearly impossible and your wife and son (school 7500.)  Game ends if daughter dies - and money is VERY hard to come by.   Game quickly turned from ""spying"" into just trying to raise cash (most consistent way is to sell the cameras for cash that you get from rep)."
,Recommended,475550,26627477,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Lothar,Welcome to the German Democratic Republic.
,Not Recommended,475550,28397736,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Smoke,"As much as I'd like to give this game a good review, since it's mechanically interesting as is graphically curious, I can't bring myself to do so.What could've been a great concept for a hotel-sim/stealth/roguelike game is wasted here since every single encounter is scripted from the get go, and the only way to receive a passable playthrough is by trial and error, or I should say dying and loading. The story is interesting and it does force you to make some un-nice choices, but the game will ask you for the impossible from the start and it's downhill from then on.If you're checking a guide after 1 hours of gameplay to see if you're doing something wrong because the game seems impossible, then something is wrong in your design. Such a shame, I'd ask for my money back if I could."
,Recommended,475550,28560238,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,garrulous abyss,"It's a good game, although its guide for the beginners is not sufficient. Btw, the dystopia is indeed a significant concept that many games gain inspirations from."
,Recommended,475550,28925698,Posted: 1 January,all,.mkev,You can have your daughter arrested for crying on camera.Worth the $10.
76561197983301475,Recommended,475550,26527896,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,RabidUrko,"Got shot by a tenant , will be reliving my role as landlord ingame when im out of hospital :PAwesome artwork and atmospheric game.Great mechanics and interface is what makes this game play well.Would recommend this game to any grasses or would be grasses out there."
,Not Recommended,475550,30046716,Posted: 19 February,all,afinati,"Instead of presenting tough choices in a clear way, the game piles numerous ill-defined quest arcs on a player at a time and basically insists that the player try again and again to complete them in a particular order for the best outcome. Very early on, the player is faced with a seemingly insurmountable quest. By googling, I found out that it was surmountable ... via quite a bit of guess and test work. Not cool."
76561198068828468,Not Recommended,475550,26572639,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,PunkAssFeverDream,"Errand simulatorDon't get me wrong. It's pretty fun when you're doing the spying and profiling but it easily devolves into ""my family is dying, we need groceries, pay the bills and hug your kids"" kind of gameplay. It definitely can slow down and then suddenly ramp up! Right now, I need 20,000 dollars so my daughter doesn't die and another 15,000 so my son doesn't end up a miner. It's no where in sight and it feels rigged, like I have to choose between one or the other.The only reason I don't reccomend this is becasue this game is pretending to be something it's not. Sure, the plot is to be a government enlisted, spy and master profiler but at the end of the day. Your main thing is feeding your kids and fixing the tvDAD SIMULATOR"
,Not Recommended,475550,26541546,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Aalnius,"The game is alright, its not as fun as i first thought it would be and the whole sneaking around to monitor the tenants is short lived really when you realise that everything is scripted and you just need to follow a set of triggers for each character to do things.Person A needs this object , Person B has the object, talk to Person B to get the object is usually how things go.I havent yet finished my first run through yet but im already fairly bored with the game.I don't like how you have to pay full price to repair each apartment after a tenant leaves, i don't like how you don't get tenants unless you've progressed to a certain part of the story or how the actual monitoring aspect of the game hasn't even been a major thing so far and talking to people has been the key decider of what happens in the game.I think its a nice mechanic that was poorly executed, hopefully one day the devs will make a sandbox mode or something as i think that'd be more enjoyable then the tedious affair this game is at the moment.Also i kinda hate the wife and if theres anyway for me to report her to the authorities im gonna do it."
76561198247573232,Recommended,475550,30112119,Posted: 22 February,all,Blueraja,sssssad
76561198015106678,Recommended,475550,30097470,Posted: 22 February,all,Luna plays,"This little adventure game is different to all others, not only by its unique graphic art style but by its meaning, by its effects on you, by its lesson that will get taught without feeling taught, by its outcome and self experience that it will give to you.I assume you are reading this review because you aren't sure if it is worth buying this game. First of all you will need to know if the person that writes it is a huge fan of adventure games or rather doesn't play those often, because if it can also convince someone that doesn't play this genre often, then it must be special. I do play a lot of games but usually don't have the patience for a lot of adventures, because the time it takes me to figure out the solutions usually annoys me. As a woman I am inpatient by nature. I rather go for the hero that hits people directly on the nose, than for the engineer that needs to figure out stuff more careful before blowing someone up. But I always end up playing the engineer last and then loving him most and I do absolutely adore people that would pick him first. So considered that I am this way I would not buy many adventure games and especially not write good reviews about them at all.So why did this game touch me this much and how did I get such a fan of it?Because the developers managed to put some really thoughtful content into it and do put you into the place of this poor guy that lives in a dictator ruled world and you need to confront yourself with your own reactions, which is pretty interesting.You can say now: “But this is only a game, it will not affect what I think about myself, I am only fooling around here!”“Yes and no”, I’ll answer and won’t spoiler any of it to you by letting you try it out yourself ;)If you need a bit more specific information about the game play and mechanics and why it is worth buying the Beholder you can take a look at my steam curator review page, there I am trying to describe it even more objective:http://top-or-flop.bytefortress.de/review_beholder.html"
76561198000652062,Recommended,475550,28579587,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,EndoNerd,"EDIT: I put a few more hours into the game and rather enjoyed it. The game starts off slow enough to learn and steadily increases. I find the choices I make rewarding and feel it impacts the environment. Character personality can be seen and you start to feel for some of the tenants. The games visuals are dark/gloomy and fits the mood perfectly! I love the reporting system and I still get a thrill every time the uniforms roll in to arrest an anti citizen.The developer/team is active and I see a bright future ahead! .... As long as they don't wear Blue Ties! Muhahaha!PREVIOUS REVIEW ISH: Difficult learning curve, to fast-paced. SOLUTION: (Trainee Mode)"
76561198015161287,Recommended,475550,31352574,Posted: 25 April,all,Aintnobodygottimeforthis,"Brilliant. Clever in concept, clean gaming result. Comical moments mixed into the seriousness of lacking privacy and freedom. Experienced no bugs or glitches in almost 6 hours of play start to finish. Storyline made sense - interactions and consequence were logical and reasable. A pleasure to play."
76561198336510469,Recommended,475550,28971999,Posted: 3 January,all,MadMikael1,"This game hails from a dark and scary place, somewhere I'd never want to live, or visit irl.... thankfully I can visit via the game.I'll warn you, this game is challenging to most players, even with the newly added easy mode.  I've been tempted to succumb to reading some guides for the game (a last resort in my book).Moderate replayability, worth playing through two or three times, due to storyline choices that allow you to essentially play as good or evil.Not for everyone, this game does have you do some morally questionable things.... my friend is resisting my suggestions to play it as she has a strong moral fiber.... silly girl, its just a game....I recommend this for many reasons, I like the art style, the play options, and the challenge itself."
,Recommended,475550,26591289,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,mitchfish36,This is a creative and interesting game worth buying if you're into dark games. It can be quite frustrating though. You're put in a situation where life literally does not stop throwing♥♥♥♥♥♥at you no matter your choices are. It's like having a cloud of dread and fear over you with little excitement or adrenaline rush.10/10 would kill myself if I were the protagonist IRL.
76561198043462421,Recommended,475550,26596113,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,ripperdave,Amazing mood. Great story.
76561198066516188,Recommended,475550,26638918,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,JellyBug,"A great combination between ""Papers, Please!"" and ""This War of Mine"" with an interesting art-style. If you like moral decisions, tycoon games and emotional character stories this is a solid pick-up.That said, it's also a game that seems to really stress trial-and-error. There is a constant stress for money in this game and not always a clear way to solving this issue. In ""Papers, Please!"" you always know how to make more money and it relies on your abilitiy to perform a task. In ""Beholder"" you don't always know how to make ends meet and this can be frustrating, resulting in save-scumming until you get a good quest-ending to get a decent sum of money.In particular, there is a quest involving your daughter in the beginning. This quest is very time-limited and VERY expensive, well before you'll have earned that much money. I think you can delay this quest by not advancing it at a certain point (thus giving you time to make that money) but if you  accidently start the quest the timer begins. The quest is technically optional but you'll be strongly incentivised to complete it.This give you motivation to make money, for sure, but since the game is often unclear it can be not only stressful but frustrating when ends don't meet. Also, the idea you can delay a quest by not engaging it without knowing you're going to begin it before you talk to the character is poor design. I don't know the solution to such an issue and perhaps the idea you end up biting off more than you can chew is thematically appropriate but it encourages reloading saves to perform better.Again, not to keep comparing to ""Papers, Please!"" but it's the perfect example of how to do this kind of narrative in-game, if you begin to fail at ""Papers, Please!"" it's slow. Your familt gets cold, then sick, then dead, then you die. In ""Beholder"" the endings are very sudden for characters, apart from the provided quest-timers.So I think this game falls under ""Papers, Please!"" and above ""This War of Mine"" but is still well worth your time. The characters are engaging and their stories are compelling. I wish I wasn't so stressed about money that I could've treated them as more than just possible profit-cattle but I guess that's part of the point.Post-Update Edit:The most recent update added ""Easy Mode"", where your income is improved and your expenses are reduced. This of course removes alot of the stress this game tries to impose on you with time management and trading your morals for your family's security but it is a solution for those that wish to see more character stories but cannot get the income required.The mode ""spoils"" quest-endings if you wish to replay it in the normal-mode but there are so many quests options and endings that even then you would still be suprised how your complex may end up.The game is now a solid ""must-buy"" for all indie lovers."
76561198139410129,Recommended,475550,26640818,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,wolfdwg,Great game very addictive. Hard to quit. Looking forward to a sequel
76561198287925346,Recommended,475550,26641097,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,RAYAN DOS,"is little bit like the gime  Papers, Pleasebut better i realy realy I really really hope they well make a DLC for it soon <3 <3 <3"
,Recommended,475550,26649427,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Tamás a Hun,"Well, after +13 hours of gameplay, i can only recommend this game to those who are incredibly desperate about finishing a game.Pros:-Just 8€'sLots of contentOutstanding storyHas replay potentialQuite good graphics for a game like thisCons:-Gets repetitiveCould make you annoyed or frustratedYou cant save  (i guess for balancing issues)Its incredibly hardMain problem is that its a trial and error game, you make a mistake you go back get to that point again after hours and hours of gameplay, and then you make another one and restart your current game.And it goes on till the end of the game."
,Recommended,475550,26688825,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Kenny,this is the best indie game i have ever played since Papers Please!
76561198024361555,Recommended,475550,26691789,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Koen,"Reformed Papers, please!"
76561198002993239,Recommended,475550,26693218,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Earthbound,"After few ours of ""progressing"" and trying to balance your budget on higher difficulty, you will understand that to survive you have to make difficult choices, and even harder if you want to help someone around you.You think that it is easy to be a good person? Than you are wrong.  This game made me emmotionally connected to the drawn family, litteraly. And still, after ours of playing , every time i close the game i feel myself as a complete jerk.Beholder will let you experience how to make hard decisions not by clicking the ""red-bad"" and ""green-good"" raws in the dialog window. No, you will be litteraly punished for everything you do trying  to find lesser evil in a  sarcastic totalitaristic nighmare.Being good is hard.Level of enjoyment 4/4 survived family members."
76561198113223130,Recommended,475550,26699247,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Добрый o=={:::::::::::::>,"Most excellent game. Fun, fresh gameplay. Nice graphic solution. Highly recommend this. Interestngly enough, there are several plot outcomes, and i was only able to complete the game with one storyline in about 10 hours. Deffinetly will play more to see other possible outcomes. I wish though it was more like a manager style game, right now its just a really fun plot based game. A lot of cool mechanics are already in place, such as selling illegal items to the shady dealer on the corner etc. Looking forward to updates. -= Disclosure: =- As someone who was born in a part of former soviet union and intimately familiar with the culture described in the game, i can say, this game is an excellent conveyor of the mood and atmosphere of fear, mistrust, and desire of people to survive at all costs. Cudos to the developers for a great idea and great execution!"
,Recommended,475550,26714422,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,『faceless nobody』,"Nice game, it worth 7 dollars.Beholder is very interesting game, and u know, it is similar to Soviet Union, where any of your friends is your enemy, you know. But there is one bug serious bag - when i buy items and reload game, trader haven't items i bought.8.5/10"
76561198074027698,Recommended,475550,26715313,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,ディエゴ,"Awesome game, makes you think several times before taking the next step.The moral dilemmas that you get when you have to act fast, the war atmosphere that makes you wonder how bad the situation is, the ""slap on your face"" when you talk about war conflicts without even lived one....this game deserves a bigger spotlight for sure.With no doubt this is a 10/10 game, could have more choices to take and a bigger storyline since it made feel like its is short game, but still a very good game!"
,Recommended,475550,26725058,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Mr_Ward,"At the moment I have only put about 2 hours into the game so keep that in mind.(I'm about 6 hrs into the game now and its got me hooked.)Cons-*The tutorial could be better. It doesn't really explain blackmailing tenants along with some other gameplay features. This isn't a huge deal since you can figure out how the finer points of the game work yourself. It's an overall con though because your more important directives are time sensetive, and wasting valuble time trying to learn how to properly use some of the games mechanics is counter productive.*Replayability is a concern. I don't have a ton of time in the game yet but I see how it might start to get repetitive very quickly. I will have to get back to you on that to be sure though.Pros-*Its subjective, but I really like the art and concept for Beholder. It's a fairly basic strat/management game, but it's presented in a very intresting way.*The game while seemingly repetitive is really addicting to me. (For now anyways.)Personally I hadn't expected much from this game, but the concept really caught my eye and I've been looking for a cheaper game to tide me over while I wait for some of the more expensive games I have my eye on to go on sale this coming holiday season. I believe even at full price ($10 which is what I payed) The game was definetly worth it for what I wanted out of it. If you think you might like the game, but don't have to have it now just wait for a sale. Most importantly your best asset in deciding if a game or any product is worth your money is you. Read/watch other reviews, and watch gameplay to see for yourself if it's worth your time and money."
,Recommended,475550,26734348,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,liadsnake,Very challenging game. I can't seem to save my family no matter what decisions I make. It also provides good replayability since you want to go back and make different decisions. Overall I enjoyed myself and I think this game is worth the 10$.
,Recommended,475550,26817459,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,||TPM| MistaGrym,"Now that there's a ""less hard"" mode and timelines aren't as rushed I'm really enjoying the narrative here and taking my time to check my (im)moral compass."
76561198044535059,Recommended,475550,26862377,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kwak84,"you are not evil, at least that is what you think of yourself"
76561198147594282,Recommended,475550,26946849,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,kaden766grant,This game is fun
,Recommended,475550,26975755,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,6o4t,Always fail to be a good guy.
,Recommended,475550,27042552,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bobdacious,Si
76561198183020827,Recommended,475550,27172136,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JUNHO,"Well, as a person who lives in a damn socialist state, I almost see the future of myself."
76561198192611123,Recommended,475550,27644947,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rechyyy,нормальная игра)
,Recommended,475550,27662403,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,rubeste-NL,"Beholder.It is an interesting game. In this game you are a landlord in a totalitairan country and have to spy on people who live in this apartment. I have not been able to finish the game, but that is just fun. Becouse you realy have to tink about stuff like money and how to spend it. You will have connections with the characters in this game and it prevents you from doing what the state wants you to do. I realy like the concept of this game and how the progression is."
76561198218791445,Recommended,475550,27679959,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,娘娘_Lee,A great game! Great story!
76561198047662972,Recommended,475550,27713497,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Jagi,"Please, give me money, my daughter of 7 years old is sick, my wife doesn't work and my job is hard, we can't let our little angel dying ;-;Totally love this game."
,Recommended,475550,27774470,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TW1PZ,It`s very nice and interesting game
,Recommended,475550,27800609,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Teflonpfanne,Don't expect procedurally generated gameplay like in This War of Mine. This game is a lot more story-driven and the outcome depends on your time managament and choices so you could look up your perfect ending in a step-to-step walkthrough. Nevertheless this is a great little indie game with innovative gameplay creating a dystopian atmosphere and leaving hard choices to you. If you're into it I also recommend Orwell as the theme is similar and the choices are also heavy.
76561197960689722,Recommended,475550,27913894,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,AshMaker,"This is actually a very hard game. It is hard to make enough money and keep family members alive. It is easy to make a wrong decision resulting in the death of your character. In that way, it feels like decisions matter. It is a fun game."
76561197977942674,Recommended,475550,27916121,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,rypg,Pretty good! Similar to Papers Please.
76561198021441311,Recommended,475550,28016591,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Glovesflared,Great game! Love the story and atmosphere!
,Recommended,475550,28103282,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,befcake,I was gunned down in front my family like a dog 10/10.
,Recommended,475550,28321969,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Legomint,"'Beholder' is certainly one of the most interesting games that I have ever played. This game revolves heavily on decision-making and planning strategically.[PRO] The best thing about this game is that the actions performed by the player is unique. The player's decision affect the next step, just like a ""pick your own adventure"" game. As mentioned earlier, decision-making in this game is quite difficult. Sometimes is choosing A over B, or even not any.[CON] The storyline seems to be a little short. The game should be longer than expected.Overall, I recommend 'Beholder' to those who are interested in playing something different and enjoy tough decision-making."
,Recommended,475550,28439698,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,hhggggyyhd,Really good game. Just a bit hard to get money for me but still a great game!
,Recommended,475550,28575662,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Dissonance,Behold a well done indie game.
76561198060366930,Recommended,475550,28591204,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,maxmatthew,"Just finished my first round in 4hrs and it's an awesome game! The first tenant who died was a doctor, fell in love with an imposter, got killed and cheated out his inheritance and insurance, woman laughed and told me to mind my own business. My daughter died from illness as the medical bills are too expensive to be paid, wife depressed. Son went to rob a bank and got killed (had to pay a fine for it), wife got suicidal and killed herself."
76561198043765844,Recommended,475550,28601390,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BearShark,"Very well done dystopian pseudo-Soviet simulation game. If you enjoyed playing ""Papers Please"" or just enjoy Cold War bureaucracy, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,475550,28652120,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Just Some Cunt,"A game where you watch people with secret cameras you install in their homes. Watch them do their daily business, writew it all down, break into their homes and mess with their stuff. Why would I want to play a game that only consists of my daily activities?"
,Recommended,475550,28683166,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,harveydentcanwetrusthim,"Long ago when I first got married I lived in a little two door apartment in Green River WY.  It was horrid, anyways our land lady was an older shrewd business woman.  She looked like fruit that had been dropped a few times and left in the sun.   She also should have had her license revoked back during WW2.  She was constantly complaining about the rent, and at times would peer through her tenants windows.  I always wondered what was going through that old battle ax's head at times.  Well now in Beholder I am the shrewd, shriveled, land lady.  I am friends with no tenants, and wouldn't think twice about blackmailing all of them.  I have never found joy being the villain in any game till now."
76561198062315097,Recommended,475550,28713108,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,DrBladeSTEEL,"I purchased this game because I lovedPapers, Please. Few games I have played have been as engrossing as this, and the depth of story along with silly directives and frustrating game-overs make this a truely great game."
76561198150898237,Recommended,475550,28735250,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,flightofmorning,"This game is fantastic - the art is both cute and sinister, the characters are all unique and compelling, and your choices not only affect the immediate plot, but sometimes come back to bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥If you like dystopian things or you've just always wanted to rifle through people's things with government approval, this game is definitely for you."
76561198051797621,Recommended,475550,28761900,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Medjnoûn,"I'd recommend this game to anyone who loved Papers, Please!. The dystopian atmosphere and sometimes difficult choices are here, but with more humor. The learning curve wasn't easy but it was enjoyable. There is potential for this game to be played several times, as I want to know how different decisions would have turned out, so I expect to get many more hours out of it. Would report my neighbors for wearing jeans again.While I loved the game it's not perfect, so brace for some criticism:My main issue is the save system. Saves are automatic and are supposed to happen at the end of each quest. I say ""supposed"" because it's clearly not the case, sometimes you complete a quest and it doesn't save. I'm not sure why, if it's a bug or not. I just know that it's frustrating beyond belief that sometimes the game will save several times in 15 mn, but on other occasions you go through 45 very busy minutes of earning money, searching rooms, and yes, completing quests, without the game saving at any point. I've had to replay very difficult parts of the game that I had already actually managed to survive a first time, because of this save issue. This doesn't make the game harder in any meaningful way, it makes it annoying.Another issue I have with the game is that it is meant to be difficult, and indeed it is unforgiving at times (you can lose for minor decisions or unexpected bills), but then you can get caught searching tenant's appartment again and again and nothing bad happens, and you can blackmail them repeadly and they will never stab you in the eye in anger for this. At least not that I've seen happen. Plus, the difficulty is very intense at the beginningyou need lots of money early on to save both the daughter and sonwhile the endgame is a much easier, or at least so I thought, but maybe that's just due to the way I played. Anyway, overall, the difficulty level seems a bit random and weird."
76561198211361413,Recommended,475550,29777587,Posted: 8 February,all,Skyrim,好遊戲
,Recommended,475550,29778198,Posted: 8 February,all,Marsh,"Just picked it up yesterday. Ignore the play time though, I went to bed and forgot to close out of the game.Pretty neat little game. Definitely worth it. It has that ""Papers, Please"" appeal to it. A good story thats worth a play or two. I'd suggest it. And if it's ever on sale? Pffff Definitely grab it.The only thing the game lacks is just a casual game mode to keep things going after you clear the story, like Papers, Please' Endless Mode. There is no Endless, or optional modes, just story. Which is unfortunate. Still, I can dream."
76561198070277469,Recommended,475550,30009368,Posted: 18 February,all,Easter Chicken,great game! good atmposphere and miltiple endings.
,Recommended,475550,30024904,Posted: 18 February,all,Sgt. Pepper,It is a great game stable and story wise. It is great for what it is not in a bad way. Since the artwork seriously fits well with the mood and tone of the game. It is very immersive it will make you feel that you're in that era in the game. Great Game I'm glad that I followed the game for quite some time and see it launched. I'd say 10/10 for this game it's worth the price.P.S I play games on the underground so the hours that's represented is not true.
76561198031838009,Recommended,475550,30093807,Posted: 21 February,all,Princess,There is a problem with this game. Sometimes I can't click on any of the interface.
,Recommended,475550,30323327,Posted: 4 March,all,jack_chenqian,really interesting game playing
,Recommended,475550,31335980,Posted: 24 April,all,Love Me Plz,"Good game indeed.I played This War of Mine before and these two games are similarily excellent. Players are given chances to make different disision between moral and self-interest, between family and other people. You can kill all the people for their supplies in TWoM just like you can extort every people in your apartment in Beholder. But should you?9 outta 10 I shall give for Beholder.P.S. I also like the music and the crayon-drawing sytle."
76561198021261534,Recommended,475550,31359225,Posted: 25 April,all,Starmie,This game is amazing and hilarious and you need to play it. Well worth what you pay for.
76561198356051313,Recommended,475550,31374985,Posted: 26 April,all,chandler_stephens,"So good! The atmosphere, the sounds. It's stressful and at times deeply upsetting but really, really good."
,Recommended,475550,31385750,Posted: 26 April,all,A Walrus,Moist
76561198268572918,Recommended,475550,31388133,Posted: 26 April,all,Wegotour,"I paid my son 15,000 dollars to stay in school and then i tell him he can't illegally immigrate from the country with his girlfriend he literally met about a week ago because it cost 20,000 dollars, then he gets mad at me for not letting him. he then hangs propoganda and gets himself arrested. this is why i like the daughter more"
76561198110690981,Recommended,475550,31388779,Posted: 27 April,all,applejackcats,"A greta little game, with interesting characters. But it is set up like a game you can replay lots, which you really can't since you already know everything by the time you finish it. Fun and worth it but begs for a randomized mode"
,Recommended,475550,31395896,Posted: 27 April,all,Mike,"""Beholder"" is a very neat little game. It's quite unlike anything I've played before, taking queues from management games, point and click adventures, and a few other genres.The story quite obviously focuses on many different characters, although it's centered around Carl, the player character, and his family. New storylines are introduced through different tennants, whom you can rent rooms to in order to progress the story. The game can force quite an array of moral choices on you, which is always good to see in games such as this. It also very much incorporates the ""Butterfly Effect"", in that every choice you make can greatly affect events in the game, and of course the ending itself.As far as mechanics go, the game is usually very straightforward, using a simple point and click interface for virtually everything. However it is possible to get hung up in a few (1-2 in my experience) areas with quests unless you're paying extremely close attention at all times. Saying any more here would be entering spoiler territory, and I want to keep my review spoiler free. For controls, you can exclusively use a mouse, the keyboard only serves to move the screen around, which you can also do with the mouse.As far as miscellanious points go, the biggest problem I have with this game has to be the grammatical errors. The developers, being Russian, most likely originally wrote everything for the game in their native language. The English translations leave quite a lot to be desired, with a vast majority of the dialogue not flowing well, or in a few rare cases, hardly making any sense at all. There were also quite a few sayings and other such points in dialogue which I didn't quite understand, most likely because they're sayings from Russia. The voice work also has room for improvement, with all of the actors having rather obvious accents, and getting pronunciations and inflections wrong in their lines.TL;DR: A charming game with simple mechanics and only a few minor hangups in gameplay. My personal biggest problem with the entire game is the English writing and voice acting. Of course I still highly recommend this game as a good way to spend a few hours exploring different paths through the story. Decent replay value."
76561198025086705,Recommended,475550,31667194,Posted: 10 May,all,domy2087,"Brilliant game. I was looking for a game that is connected with intelligence work, not James Bond stuff...The moment I saw what was it about I didn't waste another second doubting, I bought it.The game's looks is similar to Limbo and a little less to Machinarium but it's that kind of design.If you know anything about the Stasi and what the life was like back in the East Germany, this game is closely based on that period, although the country is fictional of course. I'm not sure in which one you are, South Borea or North...you can tell that by the game's story that it is based on East German history, the ministry needs to know everything about anything and everybody, and you are the one of the countless informants in it. You can either be the faithful citizen, collect data and report people, or disregard what they are doing and help them out. I chose the first way and did everything to prevent illegal actions, enemies and agents doing their assignments, reported people....I'll try the other style next.The graphics are really nice, if you fancy that kind anyway. Characters have their own personality, some of them are based on those from German movie called ""Das Leben Der Anderen"" or ""The Lives Of Others"", the movie is about East German intelligence agency conducting activities on it's citizens. If you like the subject of intelligence work, you must see it, it won an oscar.At the beginning of the game there is this guy called Bruno Hempf, your boss, and in the movie the guy is a minister. I smiled when I saw that name because I remembered that name is from the movie and thought: Yeah, the Russian developers saw the movie....then there is a tenant called Albert Meineke, whose last name belongs to a female character in the movie, and later on Georg Dreiman and Christa-Maria Dreiman who is Christa-Maria Sieland in the movie..it was nice and fun seeing that details in the game.I highly recomend this game and can't wait for an upcomming DLC!"
76561198358676911,Recommended,475550,31702281,Posted: 12 May,all,AliceBai,An excellent and well-designed game. Good references and multiple endings.
76561198306343164,Recommended,475550,31711441,Posted: 12 May,all,Bringitblonde,I just really like this game. The art is really unique and the idea behind it is really cool too.
,Recommended,475550,31754091,Posted: 14 May,all,cloudgazer,"Playing AfNS, even filing reports on your daughter.The timers on quests kind of made the game a bit frantic for me, which dimished the appreciation for the art and immersion a bit but other than that it's great!+1 for the Papers please reference"
76561198355422008,Recommended,475550,31961534,Posted: 25 May,all,majka966,"This game sucked me in. At the beginning I had some problems with understanding what to do and how, although I overpassed them, just like I found out what to do to do not feel bored when there's no ""mission"" to complete. Every moment can be used in a useful way to gain money, etc. I really liked the way caracters are shown, you feel empathy towards them and looking at them being beaten by police is heartbreaking. For sure this isn't a game that would make you feel great, as you have to do things that aren't pleasant, as reporting people, knowing they'll be taken by state and probably killed or forced to stay in camps. Also; you're seeing a lot of people die, that may even include your family.Overally I enjoyed that game a lot, as it's an interesting, stimulating experience.Minus: may leave you feel guilty about things you can't really help much."
,Recommended,475550,31993954,Posted: 27 May,all,Cucă de Nocos,"Deep story, nice music and atmosphere, playing around with people's lives, my wife dies every time ^^"
,Recommended,475550,32122601,Posted: 1 June,all,mudows,"Really nice design and illustration, i like the game's idea where you have to choose which way you want to go: as a nice guy or as a mindless worker. I believe that the first time you play it, you'll be very frustrated and think ""what kind of evil ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ thought in a game like this?"", it's hard to make the right pick and if you want to please everyone, you'll have a bad time, just like in real life. The idea here is try to do your best and learn to pick your fights and sides. Don't go crazy trying to save everybody, just enjoy what the game is offering you and go along with the story, in a second gameplay you can try to do better. It's a different gameplay but it made me think about ""Papers, please"". So here is my advice: if you're that kind of person that really needs to save everyone and have the best ending possible in the first gameplay, you won't like it. But if you're someone who enjoys a good story and let the game take you no matter where, you'll like it a lot!"
,Recommended,475550,33393905,Posted: 8 July,all,Seijaku.kun,"Yeah, as if you've never wanted to know what your neighbor does... come on..."
76561198061631426,Recommended,475550,33469209,Posted: 11 July,all,sbkline,"I've got to say, I'm very impressed by this game. So impressed that I don't want to even play anymore because I don't want to go down any of hard choice paths that this game presents. Honestly I like the twists better then most Telltale Walking Dead game.Beholder is truly a game where choices matter, and there is a hard decision at every turn. You think some small choice isn't gonna to effect you, think again. Trying to find a balance between doing bad for the greater good or doing good and suffering the bad. You'll end up restarting this game over and over just to try and go down another path. Thats why the immersion in this game is top notch.ConsAlot of the game isn't explained that well, you get a few basics at the start but even the phone calls don't address some details that I wished would have been explained.Not very fond of the menus, since their isn't a back button on some, filling out forms can be annoying."
,Recommended,475550,33486550,Posted: 12 July,all,DrCherryTop,"Very enjoyable game, I like the way it's made, gets you to think."
76561198401952117,Recommended,475550,33555731,Posted: 15 July,all,Emanonjn,"Many people may think this is just story,but to other people,this is  real history that happened on them, And this not just  happened on the Russians.When politicians are hiding and distorting these dark histories,thanks to the author's sharp irony,let more people know what happened."
,Recommended,475550,33661588,Posted: 19 July,all,wuutt,Super cool base concept and atmosphere. The gameplay is a bit repetitive at times but if you don't have a problem with that I highly recommend this game
76561198048082032,Recommended,475550,34580572,Posted: 29 August,all,Mate77,"I have worked my ♥♥♥♥♥ off for 6 hours straight to get $20,000 for my sick daughter by stealing, reporting, bribing, and blackmailing every single man in the house, leaving almost no income left, just to find outthat I need another $20,000 to get more medicine for my daughter and, additionly, my son also requested $15,000 for school or else he dies in a mine. If both of them dies the game ends.....10/10Should've tried easy difficutlty instead of medium"
,Recommended,475550,34606150,Posted: 30 August,all,Camocazie,"Great time killer and amazing concept, Will take time to get into the circulation of things, but still would reccomend it to those with an open mind and the patience, witch you need quite a bit, the days are long, but gives you time, Two crituqes i had with the game is that the only way to make money was to blackmail or ""get rid of"" tenants and get new ones, and that the salesman is never there when he is needed, and only shows up once a day, and the days are really long, All in all, Great game."
,Recommended,475550,34610753,Posted: 30 August,all,Rintoriki,"Get killed because tell a joke to a librarian, she shot me with a blowgun. 11/10Good game tho, very mystery, much money, many silly directive orders."
76561198145905532,Recommended,475550,34628361,Posted: 31 August,all,KnightofLight,"Super Adicting Puzzle strategy game, gets really complex as you progress through the story. Highly recommend it, has a super challenging mode that makes things even more insane + DLC well worth. Good catch if you can catch it on a steam sale :D"
76561198031750957,Recommended,475550,34649825,Posted: 31 August,all,Fear The Ears,"Played it for maybe an hour, and have died twice, both in glorious fashion! Darn it, I am going to get this! I will make my family survuve! Such is the art of storytelling, well done."
,Recommended,475550,26600282,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Duraldo,"You play as a landlord if you were in George Orwell's 1984, essentially. This is a fun lil game, it kinda plays like this war of mine, in terms of mechanics, but has the tone of Papers, Please.My first game ended shortly.-Fixed up unit 4-Rent out room to old, friendly librarian lady.-Introduce myself to old lady, make small talk.-Make a joke about how I used to rip up books for fun.-Get killed by the old lady with a blow dart gun.Jesus that went from 0-60 quick. Don't♥♥♥♥♥♥off librarians."
,Recommended,475550,26610409,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,YourBoiStalin,-Was told by rebels to kill a chemist that was living in my appartment building-Tried to tell her daughter to kill her-She refused and threaten to report me to the authoirites-Broke in to the appartment and planted an illegal item (an apple)-Had daughter arrested for breaking the law10/10 would use apples as black mail again
76561198057566481,Recommended,475550,26676670,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Croak90,"Blackmail? Why would I ever need to do that?""Your daughter will die in 4 days without a $20000 treatment.""...oh. That's why."
,Recommended,475550,26679607,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Born2Bnoob,"Was very hard at first, but thankfully they have that new easy mode. Overall very fun game to get into. Haven't been able to save the whole family yet but I'm going to keep replaying until I do. I like how it makes you actually look up violation code numbers and dates enforced. Here's to hoping for more tenants(since very top floor has not been opened for renting unless it's never going to be)"
76561198070562936,Recommended,475550,26693371,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,red_akasis,"I'm still trying to complete it but I love it! You always have somthing to look for, if you want to keep up with the game. They are so many thing to see, so many possibilities. But after sometime, you feel a bit restricted... You spy and you see a lot, but you can't do a lot. Same, it's a good game where any act can eventually result in life or death"
76561198038917160,Recommended,475550,26760566,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,raikonho,"very interesting , the game is immersive and you can play at it for hours"
76561198292866155,Recommended,475550,26777902,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,milogwynne,"WOW.This fun, clever game has everything, replay value, gameplay, good plot- you name it!"
,Recommended,475550,26796655,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,S𝓃𝑜𝓌k𝒾𝓉𝓉𝓎,This game made me rethink my descions right after i made them. did i do the right thing for the people or just me?!
,Recommended,475550,26846537,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TomLukman,"This game was really fun for me, mostly because there is no orther game (to my knowledge) like it. You're given a role of a building manager who has to spy on all rezidents and make sure they are loyal to the totalitarian regime. Will you do it, or how you'll do it is up to you.You can be loyal or join the rebelion, you can troll the neighbors, help them, blackmail them, have them arrested, make them commit suicide or even help with their assasination.There is a general story line that repeats from gameplay to gameplay, but all the different choices you can make will influence the outcome. So even if the whole game can be finnished in about 4 hours, you will still have fun playing it over and over - specially if you fail to reach the very end.If you're unsure about getting the game, there is a free demo on Steam too. My personal opinion: it's well worth the 10 €. I hope they will implement a more random story line in the future patches - that would boost the overall gameplay hours for sure."
76561198054682351,Recommended,475550,27288481,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Suspicious Activity,"This is as close to experiencing the Soviet Era daily life as one can get without time travel. Tough decisions, unpredictable future, spying to keep your job and your family. It's amazing."
,Recommended,475550,28106458,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Iwantto Playagame,"u play as a landlord who works for tyrannical government in a factitious country. (look like Russia, East Germany or a communist country in cold war)many time, u must choose between ur family or humanity.PROs+ Great story and Dialogue+ many choices, effects, and endings from ur decision+ Great artwork that will surely still be nice even 10 years later+ need low system requirement+ Great sound and musicCON- Some access and input system is inconvenient9/10"
76561198079106763,Recommended,475550,29107290,Posted: 7 January,all,jv44,"it is a great game. If you like a great story line, you will like this game! this game has great music and the gameplay is great."
76561198260564181,Recommended,475550,29214374,Posted: 12 January,all,Miss Me 102,Awsome game! Great music and story. This is one of the best story games I have played.
,Recommended,475550,29293072,Posted: 16 January,all,EarlLemon,Very interesting
76561197991018534,Recommended,475550,29619846,Posted: 31 January,all,CoruscantSunset,"Pros:- Addictive gameplay that keeps you busy without overwhelming you with an unreasonable amount of timed tasks.- I like the way the camera/spying system works.- I like the simplicity. The characters speak a nonsense language kind of like Simlish from The Sims and express themselves mainly with speech and thought bubbles that show a basic pictogram of what they're discussing.- The quests are interconnected, sometimes in surprising ways that adds another layer of difficulty to the game because you may complete one quest only to discover that you just inadvertantly removed the simplest resolution to another, seemingly unrelated quest.- Tons of replay value. I started the game over a few times to try to fix quests I'd messed up and each time I did different quests or events that I thought were completely straight-forward were different due to some small choices I'd done differently. Frustrating at times, but fun.- I love the artstyle of the backgrounds.Cons:- The controls are a tiny bit fiddly when it comes to moving the camera around and I don't like that the journal pops open every time you find new evidence/characterics. In this game you have to constantly be watching the bus stop and the kitchen to make sure the tenant isn't coming back upstairs while you're in their room and it makes it really irritating when you're constantly having to get the book out of th way.- I personally hate the design of the characters.- The price of things escalates very, very quickly and if you're trying to be 'good' and not use the blackmail option you'll quickly find it's next to impossible to get a 'perfect' run. Within the first 10 minutes of the game your family is already throwing quests at you that require you to splash out thousands of dollars to make them happy.- On the other hand, it's actually too easy to get reputation points. If you're good at snooping you can easily get every apartment fitted out with the maximum number of cameras in the first 20 or 30 minutes of gameplay."
,Recommended,475550,29622304,Posted: 31 January,all,solemndestiny6,"awesome game lots of oppurtunities to be discovered, interesting backstory story from each tenant....10/10-game with only few minor bugs like cant get out of the door when found by tenant-would be nice if there was a manual save button"
76561197989698031,Recommended,475550,29997224,Posted: 17 February,all,Snake_Pliskin,Interesting game but needs more randomization.
,Recommended,475550,30025667,Posted: 18 February,all,supp lyfe,"I always love a game with a different ending/choice matters, it really challenges me to get into all of those endings.recommended to those who seek a game with good story, easy gameplay, and unexpected turn of events."
76561198033749346,Recommended,475550,30038503,Posted: 19 February,all,Saleh Saif,"Wonderful game, although short, but i enjoyed every minute of it!"
,Recommended,475550,30068523,Posted: 20 February,all,Tyrael,"A very nice game! The art, the story, everything!The first play through had a strange end but still like it. Will continue to play it to see all possible endings."
76561198367009227,Recommended,475550,30255270,Posted: 28 February,all,CheoLatign,"Definite MUST PLAY! It helps, a little, to view the guide! I've chosen not to give my family anything! :DIt also helps if you're good at multi-tasking. If you take too long to act, you will miss out on things.(I got killed by my wife and a librarian! HAHAHAHA!"
76561198160670776,Recommended,475550,30302592,Posted: 3 March,all,Tolius78,"Very discision making game,with moral impact and financial also,i would like it to bealittle biger (much posible outcomes,depending on your choises),i enjoy it very much and i recommend it...!!!!"
76561198022136490,Recommended,475550,30315671,Posted: 4 March,all,SNOSPMIS_EHT,"This game is very well done. The simple graphics, gameplay and the atmosphere are well done and it is also fun to play.So the overall experience is very well. For the price of ~10€ it is worth buying.However, even though the gameplay suggests to have many options, the game only has a linear story.Depending on decisions during the game, later options vary a bit or disappear. To complete the game in a good way, you will have to follow a certain path. So sadly, playing it after completing it the first time, is boring.It would be fun, if the game developers decide to implement an infinite game mode, so that the building becomes bigger/higher, more random events happen and also more random people appear, so that there is more variation. Basically a sim tower version with spying. :)Bugs/Spoilers:There seems to be a bug, when placing unallowed items in an appartment,it will never be removed or discovered by tenants. So basically place a gun in the wardrobe, check wardrobe again, pribe, {check wardrobe, pribe}, ... repeat that. Not sure if that is how it was intended to be."
76561198026607781,Recommended,475550,31389468,Posted: 27 April,all,Elephunk,"I'd probably give the game a C+In a lot of ways it is really clever, interesting, and even funny in a dark humor sort of way. I found it to be sort of a cross between This War of Mine and Papers, Please! As to the former, it has a similar dark atmosphere and haunting music, accompanied by tragic events and moral dilemnas. Speaking to the latter game, Beholder also requires players to be precise in their paperwork and some of their gameplay choices. It also presents a similar totalitarian government alongside an ever-growing list of newly outlawed items and conduct.However, Beholder falls short in a few areas. It took me a littl over two hours of gameplay for everything to start collapsing in and no amount of continues could save me, yet I really don't feel a need to go back and play again. It feels like I've experienced all the features the game has to offer, and that it's probably only a matter of time before you lose in any given game. The story-driven aspects are intersting and provide unique challenges outside the grind, despite being very challenging and sometimes seemingly impossible. But the grind gets old fast. It boils down to breaking into apartments, snooping, filing reports, earning money, and then spending that money on groceries. Sometimes you have to frame a tenant of a crime just to free up an apartment for an objective, but it's basically the same process as before.I think Beholder could have benefitted from a few more features that would have given players more control over their destiny, instead of feeling like a one-directional march to your inevitable arrest or death."
,Recommended,475550,31441915,Posted: 29 April,all,Agiememe,"Very neat game, a couple different choices you can make, a couple different endings. Easily made me want to play more to explore the options, loved the design.A little difficult, gets repetitive if you're trying to go back to correct your choices too often. Crashes when clickingcontinue gamesometimes."
,Recommended,475550,31490084,Posted: 1 May,all,pika pika,Quite original idea. Cool soundtrack and narrative. I hope developers will soon add more stories. Maybe a little more complexity or challenge would be nice.
76561197976637107,Recommended,475550,31523444,Posted: 3 May,all,Mr.Miyagi,"I enjoyed playing This War of Mine, so when Beholder was on sale I got it"
76561198357940328,Recommended,475550,31988055,Posted: 26 May,all,kaileyw1000,"Beholder involves making tough decisions that result in sometimes difficult consequences in a facist society. The player is a landlord who must spy on tenants, obey the order of the ministry, take care of a family, and follow the law. The art style is delightful. The plot is exciting and dictated by the player's choices. This game is addictive, stressful, heartbreaking, and fun! It is personally one of my favorite steam games; I highly recommend playing. Goodluck and remember, the game play is in the hands of the beholder."
76561198066947175,Recommended,475550,32269529,Posted: 8 June,all,Gaithixa Gaity,"Beholder is a fantasic game! The music make you enter in the game and the theme is very different, you enter how a public worker in totalitarism state have to behold.TIP:To pass a family quest read a forum, they guides you how to pass, this game is a little hard but so good!"
76561198092111690,Recommended,475550,32602439,Posted: 20 June,all,lucaswarren,amazing game! needs a sequal. it was like being a spy mixed with land lord mixed with a telltale game. TRIPPLE THUMBS UP
76561198169961401,Recommended,475550,34391057,Posted: 21 August,all,Molerat,"9/10this game is incredible2 endings in 1 playthroughit was so good and yet so stressful, but that is the best part"
76561198040447383,Recommended,475550,34560689,Posted: 28 August,all,BrockAly,Fun little strategy game that has great flavor.
,Recommended,475550,34572937,Posted: 29 August,all,Fireman,Game is great ambiance/gameplay/graphism/mechanics are unique differents endings depending on what you do for who/how extremely refreshing bought it in the first week i devored it
76561198128808290,Recommended,475550,34636332,Posted: 31 August,all,Wikitiki31,"I really enjoy the game but I run into the problem where when I try to continue my game from my last play session, i get stuck on the loading screen for all eternity. The game never loads and I have to start over."
76561198215127559,Recommended,475550,26666042,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Frozen Billy,"I had a few bucks that I wanted to spend on an entertaining & decent game. I searched through a couple of categories in the store & came across this game, it had that similiar dystopian style that Don't Starve has, so I decided to give it a shot.I wasn't disappointed, it's more entertaining than I could have anticipated. It doesn't work very well with a touch pad, in fact I thought the game was lagging so I had my doubts, but I plugged in my mouse & it worked perfectly.It's a game with a story line, only you get to pick what happens in the story. I've only played it for a couple of hours but already enjoying myself. Well worth the spend."
76561198120526628,Recommended,475550,26735126,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,yamiaainferno,"It's a fun game with an interesting concept and I enjoyed playing through it. However, I think it falls a little short. There aren't many possible tennants and towards the end I only had two people living in the building and just hit fast forward for two days because I didn't know what to do. How to achieve your goals is unclear a lot of the time, and the controls are awkward. It's a fun little game, but needs more substance and some polish."
,Recommended,475550,26989678,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Codeine,Intriguing game with nice and fun mechanichs
76561198064611866,Recommended,475550,27046384,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MrClem97,"When I first saw the trailer of this game i thought it was an interesting title: now that I spent enough time playing I can definitely say it is a wonderful game if you like managing different things at once and making hard choices. You will probably have to restart the game a couple of times to fully figure out how things work, so don't be discourged by ""harsh times"". After the 15 hours of gameplay that I had, the game gives me challenges and I have many different paths I need to explore. If you are not totally sure, you should check out the free demo. May the Great Leader protect all of us!"
,Recommended,475550,27721853,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Keaya,Soon to be starting my 3rd playthrough of this game. Absolutely love it!
76561198292467846,Recommended,475550,27953738,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Panucci's Pizza,"great game, but I wish there was a way to start at different 'checkpoints'. starting at the beginning everytime you embezzle because your whole family dies kinda sucks"
,Recommended,475550,28098670,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Uzi,"I love this game. I didn`t know it's the same team of This War of Us, one of my favorite games. I do agree the should last longer, but still amazing. Art 10/10! I hope they release more games like this."
76561198171928486,Recommended,475550,28647305,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Oberherr,I LIKED IT.
76561198305345589,Recommended,475550,28904774,Posted: 1 January,all,Dionysus217,"""You deserve it."""
,Recommended,475550,29865480,Posted: 11 February,all,Evan Stone,"This is a great game. Yeah you mostly have to restart at the beginning every time, but the more you play the better you get and the better you get at making good decisions. The ambiance is great, many storylines possible depending of your decisions.You have to be fast though... no time to waste AT ALL! There should be a mode even easier than the 2 proposed, for people to get used to the mechanics and keep playing. I tried 4 times already I haven't been able to save both Patrick and Martha in the same game. And at one point Anna died getting hit by a truck for a reason I ignore.Overall, it's an awesome game, but the difficulty is a little too much."
,Recommended,475550,29987983,Posted: 17 February,all,Jet,"Hmm. I have only played for about two hours on the ""easy"" mode, so I may revise this review later. But so far the game is pretty good, if a little frustrating. I've played twice, and twice I have been arrested for embezzlement. Just following along the quest lines, I keep getting to a point where I need lots of money, but there are no quests to do within the time span I need for the money. I need $10k to make the daughter better, $7.5k to keep the son in school. A bunch of $$ for the mother for household bills/groceries etc all at the same time. So ok, I managed to save 10k. Paid for the daughter to be well. Then I only  had a few hours left to get the money for the son's education but couldn't get enough. The game made me think that he would just be sent to the mines to work. But no, he gets kicked out of school and you have to pay a $2k fine. Which of course, bankrupts you and you get arrested for embezzlement. I feel like I was being careful, and wasn't wasting money on anything other than what the quests required. So I have no idea how we're supposed to get enough money to keep going.But that aside, the game's graphics are pretty good. Its easy to navigate around, zoom in and out, quickly go places. The menus are nicely styled. Cut scenes and story are interesting. Its fun to sneak into apartments and search belongings, install cameras and report people. I am enjoying it so far.I'm going to play a few more times, and hopefully the money thing won't be too frustrating. I guess if it is, I will be back to edit my review!"
,Recommended,475550,29999506,Posted: 17 February,all,Molten Chocolate,I never thought I would cry over a bunch of chubby stick figures
76561198377772346,Recommended,475550,31353665,Posted: 25 April,all,ShareWears,"I enjoyed this game a lot, i bought it for my brother and i because it seemed like a pretty cool game. I like the design of the characters."
76561198036616669,Recommended,475550,31873144,Posted: 20 May,all,omega engaged,"A succinct little game that deeply explores what most AAA titles tack on as an afterthought - the moral choice system.Starting with KOTOR (as far as my memory goes) and getting built into virtually every Bioware title I've played as well as half-hearted attempts in games such as Red Dead Redemption or Bioshock (which I hold in very high esteem, otherwise), accumulating ""good/bad"" points in these games has felt little different from accumulating cash-back rewards on my credit card. In most of these games the only incentive to do anything you may find immoral is simply to role-play as a sociopath. Enter Beholder.Beholder drops the player into the role of a landlord, Carl, whose role is to manage his apartment complex as well as enforce the draconian mandates of the totalitarian regime under which all the characters live. Difficult moral decisions are forced upon the player through the elegant lense of simple economics - ""my daughter is sick and needs medicine immediatly, but I can't afford it, so what do I do?"" The clock is always ticking. You cannot decide to revisit the issue later after you've looted a few bandit caves. And the only the reliable source of income in this nightmarish setting is to victimize the very people you call neighbors.This is the only game I have ever played that truly asks the player ""do the ends justify the means?"" Whatever your answer to that question may be, the fact that it is asked at all makes this game worth playing."
,Recommended,475550,32466751,Posted: 16 June,all,goatly.the.goat,"i have yet to complete this game i have even set it to the easiest mode for someone like me who wants a good endding its really hard to keep everyone happy/alive/free. from what i have played the story is intresting also the game is vary story based and even the little things can make or brake you,the most simplest way to really explain this game is you gotta think like a Beholder like from D&D because they think of everything ahead of time and you gotta do that with who you let move in and who you reportto make everything above sound less crazy and odd let me tell you the out of the box stuff and how the game works. you play as a landlord named Carl you live in a totalitarian government ""Cold War Russia"" you also live with your family that will need you to do family stuff like help find pots and pans, ask for dating advice, and telling your kid that working in the mines is a wonderful job. As for you Carl the newly appointed landlord of a apartment Block your job is to spy on and report the people who live in the apartments sounds easy right? well it is but will it help you in the long run? thats what you gotta think about because you as the landlord interact with your tenants and some can help you AND your family you also gotta think of who you let move in and who you move out aka report.the game's world is vary grey and color is only with in the apartment building I really like this becuase it gives the building a feeling of it being warm with the outside being only grey, black, and white this gives it a sense of being cold. the people that live in this world are black and white silhouettes with so little to look at the game does a really good job at giving the   characters emotion through their eyes and body languageI'd love to give this game a score but i simply cant yet because i have yet to finish it but i do recommended it just for its unique character design and its depressing but still artistic world"
,Recommended,475550,32631035,Posted: 21 June,all,Big Boss,it's a really cool game and is somewhat the same as this war of mine
76561198068007658,Recommended,475550,34646070,Posted: 31 August,all,Phae Wray,"Apples became illigal so I planted one in the apartment of the old lady upstairs because I caught her reading and she ignored my bribe letter. Popo came along and hit her with a stick.Apples, not even once.10/10 would hate bribe old lady upstairs again."
,Recommended,475550,26622676,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Multishooterftw,This is a great challenging game that turns you into a spy working for an oppressive government. You are charged with reporting everything to the government while being forced to micromanage relationships with the tenants and your family. If you enjoy strategy games mixed with elements of a spying game then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,475550,26761870,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Inskeme,"There's some really good points to this game. It presents interesting moral dilemmas and branching story lines, which, combined with limited resource availability, forces you to make choices (often choices between the lesser of two evils). The core gameplay mechanics are simple but entertaining. There is a fairly large element of trial and error here, though this is balanced by a fairly generous autosave system, enabling you to try out different options without starting again.The difficulty can be fairly unforgiving. This isn't a bad thing in itself, but I think it can detract from the narrative elements of the game. Additionally sometimes the game becomes difficult simply because the game fails to communicate to the player effectivley. For example in one instance I was tasked with removing propaganda banners and, despite having several cutting tools in my inventory, the game insisted that I couldn't remove them with my bare hands. I also came across a few glitches in my playthrough, nothing gamebreaking, but overall the game felt a little unpolished.For the price, I'd probably recommend it."
,Recommended,475550,27018427,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,(・8・)-shØut,trusts few always works
76561198146842482,Recommended,475550,27156538,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,f0ldern_hellcase.com,Best game for lose your time if you neeed relax . too many achive . interesting ends . Do what you wanna do to play rhis game with miximum relax
76561198262762390,Recommended,475550,27367894,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Blueberry,This game is papers pleaseish also many refernces 11/10 me likey
76561198302497482,Recommended,475550,27442963,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Король Севера,КАААААРЛ!!!!11/10 шантажа!
,Recommended,475550,27962366,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mornito,Soviet Russia Simulator! Feel the atmosphere of the USSR!
,Recommended,475550,28131466,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Vault Dude,"Awesome game, I just love games like that.The game reaaaaaally needs a endeless mode or survial or whatever name you call it, but in my opinion is the only thing missing in this game. Awesome story, awesome plots twists. Whenever you choose to play this game you I'll have fun."
76561198046592207,Recommended,475550,29278097,Posted: 15 January,all,LVK,My wife died because she was walking down the street during a riot.Good riddance.
76561198028664196,Recommended,475550,31362150,Posted: 25 April,all,jjwTje^,"Pretty fun and interesting game, the concept is very unique and altho it doesn't have to much content to offer i'd definitely recommend it for a low price like this.The art style is also really cool and i saw some people complaining about things not working, for me it worked without any problems."
76561198038886142,Recommended,475550,33147010,Posted: 2 July,all,Gandalf The Spray,"Very nice game,if you enjoy games like this war of mine you will enjoy this."
,Recommended,475550,33240737,Posted: 4 July,all,Sandar535,i love spying on my fellow citizens!
,Recommended,475550,33264772,Posted: 5 July,all,The Jester,"This game man... This game... You will watch as everything you worked so hard for turn into dust and fall right through your fingers. Once you end up back at that main menu... Once your done crying into the palm of your hands... You're gonna look up at the screen and think to yourself ""This time I'll do it right."" Lather, Rinse, and Repeat... Easily one of the greatest morally challenging games I have ever played."
,Recommended,475550,34027242,Posted: 4 August,all,AthenaOcarina,"I had boughtBeholderin theBadtime Stories Bundle, and I am going to tell you now that it is money well spent. Beholder is a dystopian game taken place around 1984. In the game, you play as a citizen taking over an apartment building from the previous owner. Your primary task by the State is to spy on your tenants, bug their apartment with cameras and search their belongings. You can profile your tenants and report the ones who are criminals! I love the artwork and every different character. We barely get information on the man who ran the apartments beforebut if you want to dive a little deeper into the back story, I suggest you buy the DLC: Blissful Sleep.(It's worth it).The more you get into the game, the more you discover the dark twists and different endings there are.{Spoilers}Let's get into how I experienced this game.First off, there are two difficulty modes, Government Elite (Experience the game as it was meant to be played: with difficult choices and challenges!) and Traniee (The State will go easy on you: key items will cost less and you’ll make more money). I have played both game modes, and the Traniee mode is still a little challenging. *Some* key items cost the same, *not all*, as they mentioned in the description. You earn money by completing tasks, profiling/reporting tenants or blackmailing your tenants. As you play along a little more, there are ridiculous amounts of money that your family needs to survive (Mother, daughter, *and* son). You can repair the other apartments, (Six in total) and rent them out to several other characters with different story lines and tasks.TL;DR:My rating: 7/10 ---- I’d recommend this game to anyone who likes single-player dystopian RPGs. Great artwork and soundtrack. DCL is just as fun as the original game (maybe even more). Multiple endings, so you can play the game more than once and still have as much fun as the first time."
76561198079662231,Recommended,475550,34629371,Posted: 31 August,all,RazielTheLost1,"i had to play through this a few times to get down what needs to be done for the different things but i enjoyed every playthrough. please developer keep devving this game. maybe this is just the first building of a few and more gadgets like hidden microphones, stealthy shoes to sneak in while they sleep but have to be gone before they wake up because they will spot you if they naturally wake up. i want there to be so much more content >:D please"
,Recommended,475550,27424128,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Paper Sario,"I really, really enjoy this game.As many have said, fans of Papers, Please will feel right at home in this cold, soviet setting.As a landlord who's task from the government is to spy on his tenants, you must install cameras in your apartments and search through your tennts effects without getting caught.You must report all illegal activity to the Ministry, or risk punishment.... however, you can bribe your tenants as well as frame them for things they hadn't actually done.At the same time, you have to kee up with the demands of your family.My first game ended with Carl a widower, and both children dead.10/10 would risk enitre family for government again."
,Recommended,475550,28110408,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Suprem3x,"An amazing game with tough choices and they really do matter. The choices I made were ones I wish I didnt have to do but  the survival of my family holds no cost. A real  eye opener of what life must be like in a totalitarian state.A very bittersweet and sombre feeling with the ending I got (Spoilers see below).**SPOILERS** Knowing that what remained of my family was safe (My wife, daughter and I) even though they were stuck in a cruel and twisted world. **SPOILERS**"
,Recommended,475550,28114968,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,elk,In this game you work as a domestic spy taking care of & monitoring the residents of the appartment while informing the ministry about any suspious activity or alternatively join the resistance.Pros:-- Tough decisions that have consquiences- Makes you sympathitic to the tenants your'e spying on (Maybe?)- Great story- Every 5min the game savesCons:-- The game can be buggy sometimes- The replayability is low esspecially for me as I made most of the right decision on my first playthrough
,Recommended,475550,28459943,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,♥ Sinnon ↖(^ω^)↗,Pretty nice and chill game. :D
,Recommended,475550,30276970,Posted: 2 March,all,rAzZy gOLLy,Papapipipilipilipapa~The one who voice act Martha is a genius10/10
,Recommended,475550,31420694,Posted: 28 April,all,Festive Snort,"Good Value for the Price, i liked it."
76561198331649921,Recommended,475550,31892388,Posted: 21 May,all,TheL0neW0If,"I think it was a very interesting game to play and there are a lot of possibilites how the game would end.The graphics is very interessting.you might lose quickly at the beggining but, then It effects your charachter and you will start to have making hard desicions and it really puts you in the place of the charachter i am quiet happy that they made a dlc i am hoping for more i even bought it just now ! i am hoping that the developers would keep taking care of the game."
,Recommended,475550,32026384,Posted: 28 May,all,Original,"I avoided this game for a long time because it seemed to have ""shallow indie art project"" written all over it. I finally succumbed to my burning hunger for a half decent management game however and was very pleasantly surprised.Very interesting gameplay loop, a story that plays out naturally as part of the gameplay and yes, it makes you feel like you're stuck in a bleak autocratic state ala North Korea or China.I find I need breaks from this game not because I've tired of it but because it really does nail that horrid 1984 feel.Recommended for anybody looking for a management game with a strong theme."
76561198311904665,Recommended,475550,32538035,Posted: 18 June,all,sweeney114514,"mostly out of the date in the imagining of totalitarianism, however, i don't ask a game for that much"
76561198020144088,Recommended,475550,33103950,Posted: 1 July,all,Publius,"Ever wanted to know how you would act in a totalitarian  dictatorship where you can get to know everything about your tenants and thus can make or break their pitiful lives? Well, than this game is for you!9/10: great game!"
76561198241683356,Recommended,475550,33107419,Posted: 1 July,all,jedidjs,"This game is very adicting. Only real complaint is that it is TOO fast paced. I had to reset the game a couple of times before I got the jest of it, and even then I needed a guide to help me on a few things"
,Recommended,475550,33165776,Posted: 2 July,all,Crypto |WT|,One of the best dystopian games that I've ever played.  I love the art style.  I will definitely be following this games updates to continue to purchase.  Great job guys!
76561198229527568,Recommended,475550,34570875,Posted: 29 August,all,V the Victim,"Interesting little indie game set in a totalitarian society that focuses on choices and the distinction between right and wrong. The game was definitely a little too dystopian for me; I found myself sometimes frustrated with an inability to make the choices I deemed to be right. Very dark, but reasonable when you consider the setting. Maybe just a little too real.If you can deal with the depressing atmosphere, I'd say this is worth getting on sale. I bought the game for a little over $3 and played it for 4-5 hours. It has some replayability value, but I think I'm done with the game after one full playthrough and won't be buying the expansion.I'd give it maybe a 5.5/10."
,Recommended,475550,34580839,Posted: 29 August,all,Ronald Gunderson,"Beholder is a little difficult to recommend, but I enjoyed it and I finished it in 6 hours. I think the best thing beholder does is make you see life from another perspective. You sneak around your apartment building watching the tenants and when they're away, breaking into their apartment and cataloging their belongings trying to find dirt on them. There is a list of banned items that grows as the game goes on, so you can decide if you want to blackmail them for money, or turn them into the government. Each character is different, and if you screw them over they will probably remember and it could come back to bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥ You do all this to make money to support your family members who all have various problems that you need to juggle and weigh how important each are. Beholder can be difficult and punishing, I recommend playing on the easier mode since it is really tough either way.I recommend this game if you are looking for something different."
,Recommended,475550,26652878,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,SketchyDee,I was really surprised at how good this game is! The tough moral choices provide a strong sense of agency and importance. Made me want to play again and again. It's as good as Undertale.
76561198153727913,Recommended,475550,26779907,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,www,"A good mix of papers please atmosphere and stylish fancy graphics. Gameplay, story and soul as in an old times. Don't need to say more, you just have to try it."
,Recommended,475550,27043841,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,procop,"This game is something really new. Great scenario, lots of choices makes it somethign unforgattable."
,Recommended,475550,28605636,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review, if you want a full review, then please read better reviews then mineBeholder is a game developed by Warm Lamp Games and published by Alawar Entertainment. Beholder is an outstanding story-driven apartment complex management sim. I get heavy political overtones that remind me of Papers, Please. The artwork is fantastic - tons of little details that just make a great atmosphere to build a story with. Overall, this is a must-have title.Essentially, you are managing the apartment complex to keep your family in the green. This often forces you, the player, to make shady decisions to earn money. It may mean stealing tenants stuff to hawk. It may mean blackmailing tenants for a cool grand.The dwellers feel really alive, and well developed. The story is engaging and propels things forward nicely. However, there is no randomized sandbox mode where you can try to go foreverOverall, Beholder does a fantastic job of simulating a real community; everyone has their own storyline and quirks and problems. The artwork is outstanding and very well detailed and there is definitely some complexity, which is always welcome with a management sim and it is definitely addictingHowever, I wish you could click on the walls (and not just the floor) to move the character and you should be able to click on either side of a door to interact with it not just one side and it most certainly needs a sandbox mode with random encounters, where you could theoretically play foreverWell worth the full price!RECOMMENDED :)"
76561198115812513,Recommended,475550,29023375,Posted: 4 January,all,King Skywhale,"This game is very good and well designed, and incredibly stressful. If you've ever played papers please, it's sort of in that world or totalitarian dictatorship and you play as an apartment manager. Here's the twist: Your job is not to manage the building, it's to spy on your tenants. The state wants you to arrest anyone breaking the law. They occasionally call and tell you to evict or arrest a tenant (for no reason) or force you to clear out a tenant to house someone they want to live there. The challenge comes from your family. Your family will ask for help, each getting more and more expensive, and each getting more and more dangerous. For example, first favor: Get wife chocolate. Favor later in the game: pay 15000 dollars to keep son in school. The endings are also pretty new. The endings revolve around the three main issues in the game. The war, the dystopia, and your family. There are missions you do to get better endings in some areas, but it's almost impossible to get the good ending in all. Basically, this game is very good and atmospheric."
,Recommended,475550,29246202,Posted: 14 January,all,Akradon,"It was the art style of this game that first grabbed my attention. Watching the trailer really made me want to get straight into the game and start spying on all my tennants. (Not the David one). You will find yourself digging through all their stuff trying to find out more information about them to earn more money and rep so you can buy more things to catch them out! Not only that, but the choices that the game gives you can be heart breaking!You can check out my playthrough of this title in the link below:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpSjGttRc-k&list=PLFhxnvQFRXfoGoYkAE_TE_1g37uuRUW8AThis game is a must play!! Really glad I took the plunge and brought it!"
76561198146420373,Recommended,475550,29909150,Posted: 13 February,all,[NNF] Daryl,Very frustating at times but overal lots of fun
76561198274432237,Recommended,475550,30035937,Posted: 19 February,all,SpiderKnight68,"Amazing game. Dark, gritty and choices scattered for you to make. It is pretty much perfect with the small amount of features. They never get boring.However, this is a problem that I face. It is that I get graphical errors and the screen is full of pink, blue and green pixels (do not know the technical term if there is one). The quality of the game is set to the lowest and I left it at that. Increasing the quality was very odd as sometimes they would go away and other times other ones would come. I would love if Steam could offer me a refund so that I can find something suitable for my PC."
,Recommended,475550,31339038,Posted: 24 April,all,Dylanarino,"I've only played this for a short time so far, but from what I've played I've loved. It has me hooked to see what happens next like most games cannot.I may have tried to get my daughter arrested because I got annoyed with her, I then got arrested so lol!Either way Its a brilliant game and i'd recommend it to anyone who is a fan of Papers please or This War of Mine, As it has a lot of infulences from them both. I have a small problem with the camera but thats only a small problem,I'm happy I bought it and I hope you would consider buying it to, to support the Devs!"
,Recommended,475550,31391948,Posted: 27 April,all,pwnagequeen,"Good challenges, the art is awesome. Appreciate the throught-provoking storyline. We need more games like this. This sh*t turns really dark, be warned."
76561198012931704,Recommended,475550,33437811,Posted: 10 July,all,Wolvenfire86,"A well-done and eerie look into an extreme communist state. While this is obviously a creative work, there is enough truth in it to remind you of what to appreciate in life.Gameplay is point-and-click but with a lot of subtle choices. I though the events would be randomly generated, but that Is not the case. Events follow a linear progression.If you don’t interact with a character, their events don’t trigger so save often and load to make sure you don’t get stuck in a mission that must be finished in 24 hours.You will replay this game over and over because you’ll more than likely lose the first time. The game is designed to be different than other choice-based games. There’s a lot of small pieces in this game that make it complex."
,Recommended,475550,33632243,Posted: 18 July,all,jessy,The game is quite interesting even though it progresses slowly. Youre not really free to stray off the path without getting arrested and my family dies no matter how hard i try. All in all after some time to come up with a strategy to spy and report more efficiently it is a really fun game
76561198006675472,Recommended,475550,33722450,Posted: 22 July,all,sleepyhell,"It's an alright game, but the German translation was horrible."
76561198081743324,Recommended,475550,33951647,Posted: 1 August,all,Maddie! Maddie!,Be a creep and spy on your renters and snitch on them for eating apples
,Recommended,475550,26622775,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Zanzibar,A resident bought caviar and charged it to my account. I went into negative funds and was arrested for embezzlement. 10/10 would embezzle again.
76561198148105231,Recommended,475550,26936199,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pieg,"i dont really write reviews but if you are reading this you need to know this game is worth a buy unless  you really dont like repitition. I myself love replaying things till i get it right. Ive just recently finished a ""successful"" run. In which everyone in the country is enslaved, war goes on BUT my family is alive! Also my son is a robot now. I found myself replaying over and over till I got a run where my daughter and son both lived. Took me a while but I did it. The reason why i say dont play this if you dont like repition is because if you want to get specific outcomes such as saving your family, NOT enslaving the country or perhaps stopping war you are going to have to restart.. a lot. Thats the only bad thing ive found about the game everything else is wonderful. a tip:You can take the sailor guys quest, sell the cans to the shop guy and then catch the sailor guy for imported soda so he doesnt demand payment from you and also you get 3 future illegal items from his items: jeans, foreign music and salt (salt doesnt become illegal for a while)"
,Recommended,475550,27063499,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,1U@iF#r,It worth to play!
76561198302520081,Recommended,475550,29605623,Posted: 31 January,all,Saul Goodman,is an amazing game will review more later.
76561198167629444,Recommended,475550,30001792,Posted: 17 February,all,Peash,"I really recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of games with a good story. Beholder's story pulled me with it's story, themes, and tough choices. The graphics and character designs were unquie, as well as the music. Great game!"
76561198348932116,Recommended,475550,30044219,Posted: 19 February,all,Merienda44,great gameplay would recommend friends to play.
76561198165191567,Recommended,475550,32180959,Posted: 4 June,all,HESHED Potato,"I personally have enjoyed this game very much. It has an interesting story along with somewhat challenging and fun gameplay. Its a great offline game and i would like to see this game evolve as it gets more popular. I like the fact that they're adding more stories to the game because personally i found it growing boring over time playing the same story over and over despite the fact that there are many different ways to end the game. Overall, i found it to be a really good, fun game and would rate it a 4/5 The main downside for me is that the second story costs a bit extra instead of being free and also that the game gets repetitive over time and grows a bit boring. Not exactly worth the price for me but i found it to be a great game while it lasted."
,Recommended,475550,33097367,Posted: 1 July,all,nerd,Game when you can be a real ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198318346295,Recommended,475550,33844979,Posted: 27 July,all,dragonbosslady,"Love the artstyle and the story! I'm normally not hugely into point and click gameplay, but I really enjoy Beholder."
76561198171042354,Not Recommended,475550,28988693,Posted: 3 January,all,Our Savior,Its a Nazi Germany sim where you spy on people and sell them out to the Nazis.Whats not to love?Enough with the jokes though. This game couldn't even organise its first quest in a way that wored. I was meant to speak to this guy but he WASN'T IN THE BUILDING and didn't come until after the time had ran out and the government took half my money. If a game cannot even get its first quest correctly then I sure as hell am not playing it.
,Recommended,475550,30192966,Posted: 26 February,all,🎃Clorox💀,hook a guy up then send him to jail because he likes 80's music
76561197985260447,Not Recommended,475550,30029419,Posted: 19 February,all,Vault0,Nice idea but in execution it is a completely unbalanced game even on noob mode.
76561198093524209,Recommended,475550,26538420,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Vaskir,"Really, really great game.It makes you really feel like you are in the situation of Carl, the new housekeeper. It makes you feel uncomfortable and it questions every choice you make.Can I actually help those people? Or should I blackmail them to get money to help my own family? Or should I just follow the government's instructions, so I'm not taken away from my family?This game made me feel like I was in Orwell's 1984, and I actually cried more than once.Besides this, I was forced to listen to propaganda for 4 days straight, which wouldn't shut up even in the pause menu. 10/10 would go mad again. <3"
,Recommended,475550,26570683,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,HIVFREESINCE93,"Ever wanted to feel utterly useless?  Work as hard as you can for something and then spending all your money to help your family, except it doesn't?  This is the game for you.  It is tough, in this society everything you do seems to have a negative impact.  But on the rare occassion everything works out for the best it is rewarding,"
,Recommended,475550,26573820,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Big Laugh,"A very nice art style combined with a good story and a decent concept, this game is definitely one of my highlights of this year (2016). I like the game because it truly feels like what I'm doing matters, and I feel good about it, or bad depending on the choices I make and the reprecussions they have. All in all, good game. Well worth the price tag, too. GG"
,Recommended,475550,26594994,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Ecliptikz  ツ,"Spice meatball/10.If you love games with seductive art styles, amazing storytelling, and edge of your seat suspense - check this out, now! Also, check out a brief gameplay and first impressions video by yours truly. Love you.Beholder - Gameplay and First Impressions"
76561198235800626,Recommended,475550,28113660,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Dahbestcod,Amazing .3.
,Recommended,475550,28396430,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Knu,"Great game!A little gem that, as many probably pointed out already, gives a ""Papers, please"" + ""This war of mine"" vibe.Although it's not perfect (there are a few bugs or ""loose ends"" in dialogues that reference things that haven'thappened yet or have still to happen, if you play in a certain way) it's absolutely worth the money. I was happy to pay the full price after a couple of hours.In fact, if the game was not so linear (and it is, in my opinion, its biggest problem, since every time you play you are faced always with the same choice dilemmas, as there is no random/procedural gameplay) i would have even gladly paied twice as much.You should get this game if you like being messed with your own moral compass and like this type of game!"
76561198329863735,Recommended,475550,28727721,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Wynlaf,"Bought this game after seeing it in the store and being quite curious of what mysteries it could hold ahahI extremely enjoyed the game, leaving my boyfriend and I on the edge of our seats for hours, trying to get through all the requests and quests set.I have no complaints about the game, it makes you think and it's good as it is. The only thing I would comment on is the duration - unless you're going for all the achievements or ""screw up"" quite a few times, the amount spent on the game is short, we would love some more challenges and maybe some more randomness, instead of having it linear all the way through with the illegal directives and quests.All in all, this is an amazing game :) Keep up the great work!"
,Recommended,475550,28809255,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,YesItsBurla,"10/10 would love their country again because other countries are jealous of me.If they would just improve the UI a bit, it would be perfect russian simulator (the community hub is already full of russians loving their own simulator)also I got shot because I have disrespected a book as a child."
76561198062946132,Recommended,475550,28960184,Posted: 2 January,all,Rainsbow,Very entertaining.Always something to do.
,Recommended,475550,29565216,Posted: 29 January,all,DigitalMily (✿◠‿◠),"This is unique, challenging and has a very interesting gameplay. It reminds me a little bit of Papers Please. Enjoyed it very much!"
76561198237016408,Recommended,475550,30364248,Posted: 6 March,all,XBunnyLebowski,"Addictive, fun styalized graphics, simplistic, and dark... This game will make you feel like a bit of a creep... and you'll like it."
,Recommended,475550,32187283,Posted: 4 June,all,Incurable Raven,"I love this game and all but I have a few things to sayI wish it was a little bit more like the mobile in having the game pause while your inside of a shop or desk or search object, it makes this a little easier and in a game where you have so little time its very useful, all in all its a great game, I just wish for that slight change."
76561198173284243,Recommended,475550,32666947,Posted: 22 June,all,Tommy Dreamer,I only got a couple years left I'm gonna get real SAD with them
76561198004874435,Recommended,475550,34376236,Posted: 20 August,all,tfpike,"A superb game!It can be a little excessive in places. The game is set in the mid-1980s, but any vehicles and clothing have a distinctive 1930s feel. There are also government directives that ban bizare things, such as crying and owning a rubber duck. This is unecesary and slightly undermines the serious and quite important message of the game.However, the game is brilliant at showing the difficult moral problems that ordinary people face in a dictatorship. Do you choose to fight against the governmnet but risk paying a high price? Do you choose to support the government but be responisble for helping it to commit its crimes? Do you abuse your power to blackmail people in order to protect your loved ones?Mixed into this is the panic of searching a persons' apartment whilst they are briefly in the kitchen, or despertaely trying to raise the money to help someone, only to discover that your good intentions have led to bad and unintended consequecnes. (Hidden refrences to great Cold War films are also a big bonus!)Overall, a brilliant game that gets all the important things right! Buy it!"
76561198087511850,Recommended,475550,28353933,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Director Brummington,"This game is fantastic. Imagine Papers Please with a little more action. You are a building manager for an apartment block. The state has ordered you to keep watch over your tenants and report any crimes. You'll face moral decisions as the State Directives get more and more bizzare. Apples have been banned, would you ruin a family if you found one in their luggage? What about a banned book?You get to sneak, snoop and steal your way through the game, planting cameras, peeping through keyholes and rummaging through their belongings whilst they are out.The game is hard, the State is unforgiving and their are forces at work within the world that you will need to tread carefully on.I am at 12 hours of gameplay, I have yet to finish a game, as people seem fit to arrest or shoot me.Replayability is definately there, there´s lots of choices to make and the story unfolds as you play. Setbacks do not end the game, but they sure do make you feel depressed for poor Karl, The Beholder."
,Not Recommended,475550,28715795,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,KhellQc,"Its an interesting game but I expected it to be more like Rogue Legacy. Random and can barely screw up unless you die.In this game, it seems like there only one good order of events you wanna do. It can work if you screw up but you end up with lots of waiting with nothing happening. With all those games like Skyrim and Mass Effect out there, I would have expected multiple storyline options, not just choices with little effects. Exemple; I got my wife arrested with little effect on the rest of the game.Buy on sale but not worth 10$ to me"
,Recommended,475550,28951103,Posted: 2 January,all,Henri d'Aramis,"A relatively short, but deep, challenging, and interesting experience.That's totally what she said."
,Recommended,475550,29550754,Posted: 28 January,all,ULINA,"This game is great and very very funny.I make 6 uniques stories for this game,  46 hours.   ("" Ouah "")Props-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Many ending   <3Some possibilities ( every action has a consequence , good or bad .... )2 difficulties mods ( normal and hard )Good backgroundGood graphismYou can be killed bye a character ... but it's ok you have checkpoint-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Cons-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This game it's not stable when yout start a game ( with my computer )The french translation is not really good but it's ok-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I found one inconsistency during my sixth run but it's not annoying=> After completing ""A great offer"" for Mr and Mrs Schimmers to leave on the barge -- Mrs Schimmers leave alone ( ahah ).If you like heavy rain, beyond to soul , paper please ?  You must buy it :)"
,Recommended,475550,26596226,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Arby,"> be me> 3rd game> i know what to do so i don't get shot this time> be successful traitor, neighbors don't think i'm spying on them> receive strange package from Danton> see a gun in it> try to frame my daughter for the crime cause i know she'll eventually die> they will never suspect me> government doesn't allow snitching on 8yo kids> says its parents responsibility> get fired for it> game over10/10 would try to get my own daughter thrown in jail again"
,Recommended,475550,26612880,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,"Ricey, Professional 70's Pimp","very fun game, feels like This War of Mine a bit"
76561198141160869,Recommended,475550,26711917,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,boldviking,Best East Germany Simulator evar.
,Recommended,475550,26725407,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,CO'Keefe,I really enjoyed this game and would definitely recommend it!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgJiQObVf7Q
76561198207284855,Recommended,475550,27906951,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jeb,"因为有中文字幕和中文配音，所以那怕我不喜欢这类游戏，我仍然买了。Because there are  Simplified Chinese subtitles and Chinese dubbing, even I don't like this kind of game, I still buy it。"
76561198144212866,Recommended,475550,29181091,Posted: 11 January,all,Sgt asscandy,"Looks really simple but it's not! This game has sucked me in completely, it's great."
,Recommended,475550,33619103,Posted: 17 July,all,SaltyLLama,Big brother knows everthing
,Recommended,475550,26571438,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Version Red,"Good but frustrating game. Despite money issues and having to start over a lot, I like finding different appoaches to situations within it. Slightly more linear than I expected, but not so much as to be a problem."
,Recommended,475550,26697207,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Azathoth,"First, if you’d like to see some gameplay footage, check out my video here:https://youtu.be/I7UE99n7RWAIf you’d rather do that whole reading thing, well, keep reading.I haven't had a chance to play this game as much as I'd like, so this will be short for now with a more fleshed out review in the near future. So far, very cool game that's only really hindered by the lack of an endless mode. Art direction is very cool (even if I can only think of those people as blobs now) and definitely goes with that whole dystopian-future-oh-god-we're-screwed-vibe.Plus it's just fun to be sneaking around and threatening people for the good of your family...and the Motherland of course."
,Recommended,475550,27923961,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,ad1s  loves you,Finally a game where i can stalk people
76561198030898128,Recommended,475550,27993398,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Boogerspoon,"Love the game. Alot of fun and makes you really think what would be important to you and how you would handle a situation where your every move and the people your managings moves are constantly monitored. If they do something against the state, do you let it slide or do you turn them in? Lots of endings. If I had one complaint is I would love to see a sandbox mode or something where the game and continue. Besides playing it multiple times to get differnt endings it felt short to me. But again I had a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,475550,28648241,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Baby Mammoth,"7/10 - Even crying can be illegal in this game.In Beholder, you'll be playing as an apartment manager which also work for the government to observe your tenants and report if they commit crimes. The game will push you to make a hard decision to earn money for your family. One of the downsides I found in the game would be the reward system. Your family keeps spending huge amount of money while you earn so little. If you cannot give them money in time, it will lead you to bad endings. You also have to spend your own money on repair kits which make it even harder to collect the money for your family. The time flies, the NPCs move fast, but our character's movement and actions are quite slow. I try to make him run and move as fast as I can. It's uncontrolable. Sometimes he runs, sometimes he doesn't.Overall, I enjoy playing this game. The graphic, atmosphere and story are brilliant."
,Recommended,475550,31377849,Posted: 26 April,all,Fekete_Krisztian,"Absolute good game! Like in the darkest communism or nazism, you need to be a survivor as a sneak... Dark decisions and hard way to stay a good person (or not)... unique gamplay. You need to play it, but care: psychologically stressful.9/10"
76561198169461564,Recommended,475550,35006754,Posted: 16 September,all,TheIronSpike,"To start off the game is AMAZING. It gave me hours of entertainment. Pros and Cons,Pros~it only costs $10~Fun to play~and a lot moreCons~short story~Hard at timesOverall buy this game, even though it only has abouat 5 hours of playing it is a great game i will recommend this to my family and friends."
,Recommended,475550,26673436,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Slpy,I wish there was an easy mode :<
,Not Recommended,475550,28664099,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,300/300 FIBER VISION,"Found a loaded gun.Got threatened by a tenant.Chose the only option that didn't involve me bribing my way out of an♥♥♥♥♥kicking, [Ride it out].Watched helplessly as I got stabbed in a cutscene, handgun resting comfortably in my pocket and lost over an hour of progress."
76561198018474955,Not Recommended,475550,33095241,Posted: 1 July,all,Grayson,"It's an interesting concept and well executed, but overall the game is very linear. Some tasks are obviously (and intentionally) impossible, and the narrative is fairly obviously black & white. I was expecting, or at least hoping, for more nuance."
,Recommended,475550,26536401,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Wydamn,"Fun, but depressing. Even a little unfair at times, but I think that's kind of the point. It's like ""Papers, Please"" but also with some point-and-click RPG elements. Definitely a game intended for multiple playthroughs, so do yourself a favor and avoid savescumming for your first playthrough. Lots of moral choices, but also quite a few decisions to make that aren't morality based.My only complaint is that when a tennant leaves, even on good terms, there's no way to interact with them or say good bye, and there's no alert or fanfare when a quest timer is running out.Also, that librarian is pretty brutal. Do not mess with her."
,Recommended,475550,26585440,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,sednal,Now i am the Landlord! No Apples for you!!!!
76561198055338825,Recommended,475550,26609095,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Whiplash.Girlchild,"I generally liked this game. Like everyone else, I'll compare it to Papers, Please. The mechanic is enjoyable and there's a definite anxiety factor in completing all the tasks on time and prioritizing some over others. I thought it was really odd, however, that they ripped off the names of several characters from the movie Das Leben der Anderen (The Lives of Others.) That movie is also set in a totalitarian state, but it has nothing to do with the game, and I felt that it was a really weird and uncreative choice for an otherwise mostly innovative game. There's also a character whose background is ripped directly from Papers, Please. So, while I'd recommend the game, I think the developers should maybe find their own voice a little bit."
,Recommended,475550,26664233,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,RedEye,"Great game..if you like ""papers please"" you'll love this..Great time management and strategy game.However now that i've completed the state missions, the game just ends....It would be very enjoyable for the game to continue where you can stillmonitor, profile and report the tennents, but without the state missions,they are quite demanding and under time restrictions.It has alot of depth, and for the price...the game is brilliant...attention to detail is excellent!and the vast amount of choices and gameplay options is awesome!I really love the game and I will play the again if the dev's releasea never-ending mode or sandbox mode (which i hope they do)I would then play foreva!!"
,Recommended,475550,28056762,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,JoeSaunders,"Betray your country! Mock and kill your whole family! Spy, steal, blackmail, and kill innocents!Be The One and only selfish scumbag everyone should hate and be afraid of!All that and many other fun things you can do, Only in Beholder!8/10"
76561198115671041,Recommended,475550,29096537,Posted: 7 January,all,Silver Back,"Nice strategy simulation game subject bad spy found it. In dystopian game. See no evil, Hear no evil, Speak no evil ;)... Goverment  weighted"
76561197970222726,Recommended,475550,31336884,Posted: 24 April,all,The Carrot Salesman.,"Went full evil from the start, i did everything the ministry said, i lied, cheated, blackmailed and more.result?(spoiler)Shot in the head by a wife who's husband i had arrested for reading a book, straight after promising i'd help them escape... game over.Top fun, very unique and random game!"
,Recommended,475550,35023696,Posted: 17 September,all,SkeleDude177,"Beholder is a very... abstract game and is very difficult to describe. One way to put it is that it's the same kind of game as Fallout Shelter but you have to profile the people living as tenants and you can report them for doing illegal things, as you are basically the Overseer. I quite enjoy it as it is very odd but has an interesting format. I kind of wish Fallout Shelter had the ability to report survivors or to do tests on them but that's beside the point.Is Beholder a good game?Yes, it has a very ""Indie Game-ish"" feel to it. One of the great things about it is how it is a primarily black and white game- which allows it to make you feel almost unnerved by its dark colours. The dark colours reflect the game absolutely perfectly as if it was in colour, it wouldn't portray the same effect.Should you buy it?That depends on wether it is your kind of game. For me, yes but as different people have different taste in games it all depends on your opinion. Whenever it is on sale, buy it but if it is still going its full price (about £5 in England), I would advise you to wait."
76561198278335162,Recommended,475550,29591949,Posted: 30 January,all,Kacperbb8,A really good game. 10/10. The game is one of those that isn't neccasearily the most fun - but something just pulls you in
,Recommended,475550,31778424,Posted: 15 May,all,Kaz,"Pros:Well-meshed storylines of different tenantsDivergent storylines actually divergeMoral choices have no obvious answerCons:Poor translation/narrationSome choices seem only marginally related to their consequencesOverall its fun for a few playthroughs, and I look forward to more stories."
76561198316977599,Not Recommended,475550,26680588,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,t3k111min3r,this looks like a great game but it wont let me complete the first task
,Not Recommended,475550,31474418,Posted: 30 April,all,Eisenreich,"A great game with a cool dystopian atmosphere and setting ruined by an abysmal save system and permadeath. Backtracking to previosu autosaves or starting the game over becomes a real bore with a game that should make allowances considering how challenging the game and its multiple pathways are. It's too easy to screw up your save in this through reputation and choosing the ""wrong"" choice, you really need to rely a lot on being able to blackmail people in this game but I got to the point pretty easily presumably by installing one or two too many security cameras when no one would respond to blackmail letters, I also reached the point after a certain decision was made when no one wanted to move into the apartment, so despite reloading and trying different pathways, strategies and pacing task completion better you still constantly come across dead ends in this game. It's a shame as the setting is really cool and original, as is the gameplay, could just have been executed better and being able to save manually is a necessity this game doesn't provide"
76561198002450835,Not Recommended,475550,32152035,Posted: 3 June,all,Nutlaw,"It's an interesting game, but just not very fun to play. Works out a lot like This War of Mine without the scavenging missions. Lots of running around and having terrible things happen. Again, it is a good concept, but I find it stressful rather than enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,475550,34073011,Posted: 6 August,all,mikedd,"It has a good concept and the art style is unique and interesting, but some of the gameplay feels like work.In particular filling out forms regarding the evidence you planted/collected on your tenants is tedious and pulled me out of the game. It wasn't obvious to me that the date you needed to fill in was the date that the substance was banned, not the date that you found it. I accept that in the game the government is incompetent and wouldn't know that, but looking it up feels like busywork - not fun.Your mileage may vary and a lot of others have enjoyed the game, but I'd recommend waiting for a sale."
,Recommended,475550,26577272,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,AF,Blackmail simulator11/10 would blackmail again for Martha
76561197979932899,Not Recommended,475550,26623599,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Time Machine to 1988,"I cannot tell if this game was supposed to be challenging and unforgiving, or if it is simply broken. The motto for the game is ""Every choice has consequences,"" but you'll find absolutely zero freedom in making these choices. Gameplay consists of executing tasks assigned to you by the government and by your house tenants. There is no way for you to know what the consequences will be until you are *forced* to play through the game several times. (You know how everyone just LOVES replaying the same boring dialogue over and over in games? Well, get ready to do it about a dozen times.) You'll devote hours to a playthrough, only to get caught in a loop where your character inevitably gets overcharged for a completely random fee and gets fired. When you reload, this will happen over and over again until you finally resolve to just start the entire game over. The game forces you to do this until you make the ""correct"" choices, at which point I assume you feel the same level of satisfaction one feels upon completing a standardized test. While the idea behind this game is brilliant, this has got to be the least fun execution one could imagine.In short, if you want to experience what it must feel like to be a bureacrat in an Orwellian police state, this game will browbeat you into submission until you forget your own free will."
,Not Recommended,475550,29220384,Posted: 13 January,all,GonadSteadyBlade,"game has a great concept and art style, but the execution leaves alot to be desired. the game hands you really difficult choices, and expects you to operate in the most cheap and 4th wall breaking ways if you decide to really go against them. stratagy guides for overcoming a particularly nasty early consequence Required bizzare meterial and resource shuffling in really unintuitive and annoying ways along with mapping the choices and behaving perfectly (theres another equally expensive quest right next to it ive yet to even fathom a way to beat, though the devs claim its possible) this along with the completely scripted course of events make the idea of working towards the end feel alot like a long and painful journey down a dark hallway filled with stubbed toes.TLDR: it tried to be a game with hard edges and difficult choices but just ends up feeling like you arent given the tools to actually play, and the game just happens At you. like a kid trying to play with his own shadow, whatever he decides to do your just along for the ride."
,Not Recommended,475550,28898351,Posted: 1 January,all,Harle Games,"I loved the theme, but it feels scripted to the point where theres only one way to do the game - and finding that way is through trial and error"
,Not Recommended,475550,26547243,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,monsieurkamerad,"I really wanted to like this game, but after 2 hours it became obvious that the game mechanics only work in theory.Other reviewers already mentioned the frustrating pacing and the ridiculous tasks which hit you right in the beginning. After 3 restarts I still haven't find a way tosave the daughterand at first I didn't want to continue playing, but at some point I just wanted the story to continue and didn't care anymore. That's a really bad thing for this kind of game.Dying and failing is incredibly easy. But you can instantly reload and replay it anyway, so there's no point. Everything is scripted, so playing the same events over and over again is boring and frustrating. Considering that alternative choices often are deadly, there is hardly any replayability. That's the biggest problem: The excellent atmosphere created by music and graphic style is completely ruined by repetition and frustration.What I also didn't like is the fact they could not decide between a serious tone or a comedic one. Some aspects of the game are so ridiculous and over the top that I really can't take the opressive atmosphere seriously.Installing cameras is hardly ever necessary. Most of your time is spent by clicking exclamation marks and bringing stuff from A to B. There's always a ridiculous rush. It's just tedious, not fun.The profiling mechanic is another missed opportunity. Putting in the basic details over and over again is neither challenging nor fun. I see what they were trying to do here with the directives, comparing evidence with regulations like in Papers, Please. I feel like they stopped developing that area, as it's completely underdeveloped, not challenging and - again - just tedious.Speaking of which, it's really obvious that Beholder is influenced by Papers, Please and This War of Mine. But while it has some interesting ideas, execution simply falls short."
76561198010211390,Not Recommended,475550,34182963,Posted: 11 August,all,Taran Alvein,"It has a lot of potential, but even on easy mode it's way too hard.  It's ridiculous that you're expected to somehow come up with almost $40000 within the first week of the game.  I don't even want to think about what they'll expect after that first bombing.  I'd recommend this if the difficulty curve weren't so insane."
76561197964331372,Not Recommended,475550,26667536,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Cinders,"Meh.  Great looking game, but it gets old fast.  At first, very little happens.  You put up cameras for nothing, poke around, find like 1 contraband item.  After that, very little happens and I'm not sure how I proceed with some of the odd quests that crop up.  Then you get nailed with a multitude of hyper-expensive requirements that cannot be met.I get the idea, I have to play dirty in order to make the money to pay the bills.  But even that is boring.  There's not many rooms, not many things to search, not much that happens.  I get the vibe should be this creepy landlord that is always watching, but it hardly plays that way.Some people will love it, I'm sure.  If you're new to this genre... beware.  This game does not have all the choices you think it does."
76561198017015210,Recommended,475550,28974932,Posted: 3 January,all,sps_sy,"Not as good(fun) as ""This war of mine"" and ""Paper please"". But worth playing"
76561198016277251,Not Recommended,475550,30118844,Posted: 23 February,all,AlexMBrennan,"tl;dr: Not a bad theme, but terribly executed.Another walkthrough based game (e.g. your ability to help one couple escape the country literally depends on which contact ad an unrelated person answers), and this lack of agency kills immersion - if I don't have any way to ancipiate the outcome of my decisions then I might as well toss a coin instead.Finances are annoying in the extreme (walkthroughs will point out that a good way to keep your daughter alive is to buy contraband by the dozen and blackmail each one of your dirt poor tenants a dozen times... because that makes sense?). This is not made easier by the fact that the interface is literally designed to waste your time (to report crime you need to look up the law being violated, and the law's date, using the slowest scrolling list I have ever seen in my life). 40% of gameplay is pointless busywork designed for the sole purpose of wasting your time."
,Recommended,475550,30676536,Posted: 22 March,all,ptrmsn,"Beholder casts players as Carl Stein, family man and landlord of an apartment block in a dystopian future. Tasked by a totalitarian state with ensuring that his tenants stay in line, Carl must snoop on residents by peeping through keyholes, hiding cameras in smoke alarms and rummaging through sock drawers.Reporting on the private lives of tenants and turning them into the authorities when they break one of the ever-growing list of government directives earns players cash money. So does helping residents live their lives, blackmailing them for their sins and burgling their dwellings when they pop down to the shops – and all of this to keep Carl’s wife, son and daughter happy.It’s fun. There are plenty of entertaining storyline elements and the graphics are much more detailed than I’d anticipated, allowing the you to quickly survey the whole of your little apartment block or zoom in for a closer view of residents’ rooms. The soundtrack fits the game well and really adds to the atmosphere, helping to draw you into the world.My main criticism of the game is that it all starts to feel a little futile – and I’m sure that’s at least partly the developer’s intention – but trying to meet your family’s demands feels like a distraction from the game’s fun. You can blackmail your tenants but never choose how much for and turning them into the authorities doesn’t leave you feeling as mean as it should – sometimes you wish you’d kept them around to snoop on just a little longer.Beholder snuffed my Carl Stein too early in his career and I started a second playthrough, but the game feels a little samey restarting right away. From the achievements I’ve yet to unlock I can see there’s a lot more to the game and in a week or two, I’m sure I’ll dive back in. I picked this up in the Steam Winter Sale for a little under £5, I’ll get my money’s worth."
,Not Recommended,475550,30354510,Posted: 6 March,all,Cookies,"Only a few hours but I am already bored. Maybe this game is not really for me, or I should not compare ""Papers please"" with this game."
,Recommended,475550,26527540,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Tommunism,"Beholder is a great little game where you play a ""landlord"" in a totalitarian Eastern European-esque state, your official role is to help and assist your tenants, but your actual job is to spy on them and root out any potential dissidents of the regime. The atmopshere of the game reminds me of Papers Please and This War of Mine: It is dark, morally complex, and intensely difficult. A great game for anybody that fancies a tactical stealth game with some real moral choices involving empathetic characters and a relatable protagonist, this is a well polished, well written game that anyone should give a go.I found this game really difficult, not just because it is a hard game about making a series of difficult choices and micromanaging effectively, but also because it is grossly unfair. This is usually something to complain about, but in the dark, gloomy, Orwellian nightmare of Beholder it's entirely appropriate, this isn't a game you're meant to win, but trying to win anyway is a great gameplay incentive.The one criticism I have of the game is that there seems to be some translation issues in the dialogue, I think this game was developed by a German team(?) but I'm not sure, regardless, the translation is *almost* fine but it's ""almostness"" makes it even more frustrating to read.Buy this game it's good and more than generously priced."
,Recommended,475550,26559320,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[BMC]Nos_42,"Awesome little game if you like to be a dystopian villain.Which most of us do xDIt plays very smooth and has a great atmosphere,my advice in starting is just to try things and see what gets you killed.Because being murdered by your tenants is a very real possibillity,100% for me but i do enjoy being a c*nt."
,Recommended,475550,26614252,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Bloodmoonstudios305,Beholder is a Game of choice like the Bioshock Series. But this is a masterpiece created by the dveloper. There are 3 things you need to know. 1. Pay attention to your family. 2. Decide who should be safe. 3. Your life is the order life.
,Recommended,475550,28470485,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,technikfe,"I came to this game thinking it would be an epic James_Bond-like spy game. And lemme tell you it is but it's qualities lie somewhere else - morality.You can either choose to be a govermental spy in a dystopian dictature, that's going to report every little mistake like sobbing or reading.Or you can be a revolutionary trying to overthrow the goverment, but put yourself and your family at risk.There really is a ton of choices.Though be warned this game can be deceivingly sad, and some choices have unforseen consenquences..."
76561198086739082,Not Recommended,475550,28494532,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Gemini Jordan,"Thought I would enjoy the game more with the ""choices I can make"" and consequences, but it seems to be far more scripted. You of course have the freedom to do certain things, but I began to see that you are still completely urged to do certain tasks a certain way to actually progress or end up continuing the plot. The game is also a bit light on full on instructions, like when I first began with making reports and what not. Not TOO bad of a game, but not something that I would recommend others to play. It's a bit too much ""this or that?"" with automatic choices that are easy to make. Simply lost enjoyment quickly. It could also give more to do with the spying perspective of it, it seems like fun to be able to do that, but other tasks are found more important than spying on all the tenants, so you're easily distracted and focused on more ""important objectives"" rather than doing your entire job as a whole. I also found a bit of difficulty with clicking on doors. I also believe the arrest time could be a bit faster. I understand the realism with their stubbordness, but maybe instead of them pausing every 5 seconds and being kicked forward, they could just be grabbed up after a few shows of non-compliance. Lastly, I feel the game's story could be slowed down a bit."
,Recommended,475550,28604673,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Tearraven,"So far I am only about an hour into the game and it's very unique. Has a good mix of Papers Please and XCOM: Enemy Unknown. The music is excellent and it has a special feel to the game. If you've been in the mood for a title where you get to spy on people without all the action, this might be the title for you."
76561198021948471,Recommended,475550,28611344,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Birddog,"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! This gives me a warm fuzzy feeling inside. yeah, needs some work, but for 6 bucks its worth it."
76561198020124520,Recommended,475550,28688393,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Delamay,"This is a sad game, but it's addictive. I'm trying to figure out how to avoid being the worst person in the world."
76561198087380744,Recommended,475550,28884407,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Mocha Shake-a Zulu,Great game for decision making and multiple endings to the game.
76561198350204724,Recommended,475550,28959707,Posted: 2 January,all,qltian2016,Too difficult to playHave to watch video
76561198315047219,Recommended,475550,29111061,Posted: 8 January,all,quiet,"Game time fifty minutesMaybe I don't have the qualification evaluation of the game, I think this game makers are to take care of China game player game experience, with Chinese Chinese dubbing and subtitles, the game uses a horizontal version of the game interface, similar to the ""brave heart world war"", game animation is very perfect, the perfect combination of music and animation class, exciting and every choice will determine your destiny, is to do a good job of staff, or is a good father, a good husband, the game time of fifty minutes I can only tell you these, I wish you a happy experience!Sorry Bro, I use the translation software to write comments, if in some places there is a problem, please forgive me."
,Recommended,475550,29144518,Posted: 9 January,all,SmokingDragon,this is a great and fun game with a llot of diffrent outcomes i recomend it highly
,Recommended,475550,29310774,Posted: 16 January,all,Cheeki Breeki Dead ORBIT OK,I got shot for Selling Fish beaten up by Communists for stealing a sock and my wife hates me because I couldn't find any Soap 10/10
,Recommended,475550,29453154,Posted: 23 January,all,JaNuS The Deag Master,Tenant wouldnt leave so I framed his wife for having illegal apples!Made a fat man cry and divorce his new girlfriend so I can get their honeymoon cruise tickets.Sent son to work in mines.10/10 Would play again.Great game for good price
,Recommended,475550,29540934,Posted: 28 January,all,Call Me AK,"I remember when this game came out from beta, it was in sale too so I bought it. When I dowload it I didn t think it would be something special,man how I was wrong."
76561198018784450,Recommended,475550,29704230,Posted: 4 February,all,Talkkuna,"I really like the unique idea and the style of the game. However the game design is partly poor. Some of the tasks don't seem to have any logic behind them. Also, often I don't understand why the things that happen, happen. The usability is poor too, especially moving the camera. There are too many bugs, too."
76561198012712922,Not Recommended,475550,29954260,Posted: 15 February,all,Archgoose,"So I'll admit I've only played the first bit of the game, but so far I've found it horribly frustrating.  I feel like it's going for a Papers, Please mechanic just with more running around.  So far I've found the game demands way too much of you too quick, and there's no way to accomplish the base minimum things you need to accomplish.  So far I've tried three playthroughs, two on normal and one on easy.  In the first playthrough on Normal my son got expelled and had to work in a mine, my daughter died of a disease, and I got stabbed for refusing to help rebels.  My second playthrough I gave up once it was clear I wasn't going to have enough money in time to save the daughter.  In the third playthrough on easy I had enough to save the daughter and keep the son in college but the timer ran out on the tuition because I was busy trying to get other things done.  I've been shot and stabbed several times trying to figure out what sequences certain events need to be optimally accomplished, which is really annoying considering there doesn't seem to be anyway to avoid dying (like I dunno maybe try running when someone pulls a knife or gun on you for example).  And I'm sure some people will be like, ""Oh that's the point"".  Well if so then I don't care for games like that.  Too much stress for not enough reward.  I dunno, maybe I'll come back to it and see how the game plays out if you just don't care about your family, but that also does not feel like a very appealing game to me."
76561198101757769,Recommended,475550,30990634,Posted: 6 April,all,Shelbean,Awesome game! Hours of entertainment and fun.
76561198358116599,Recommended,475550,31470238,Posted: 30 April,all,Pewdie,interesting game. worth playing it
76561198117493929,Recommended,475550,31749538,Posted: 14 May,all,Mayumi Sato,"Ohh, that's a good game.Really well done in many aspects. It demands a lot of strategy, a bit of stealth and it has many narrative elements. In short, it's a very complete game. It's pretty cool that it has multiple endings and many archievements because this makes you feel you have a greater controle over the story. Also, heavy theme presented in a interesting way that still makes you be like ""what the actual..."" when something awful happens.Really recommend it!"
,Recommended,475550,31925205,Posted: 23 May,all,Carmilla,"No voice in the new DLC, I use OS system, please fix it"
76561198135985059,Recommended,475550,31944740,Posted: 24 May,all,putmetowork,"Ther most original and interesting game I have seen in the last 10 or even 20 years. At the current price of 10 bucks, I would recommend it without hesitation.Yes, the game is hard, and really unfair some times. A small and seemingly insignificant decision can cause you to Game Over, killed off permanently, and the penalties are all really harsh. However, I feel this is totally apropriate given that the storyline has already established this game takes place in a dystopian and tyranical society, that is inherently unfair and harsh.I find the difficulty makes a lot of sense. If you are a little boot licking snitch that is willing to be bossed about by government and do as you are told, then you wont have any problems. On the other hand, if you try to think for your self, or try to step out of line, you will need to be very careful or you will get a smack down and get killed off.Its cold, its dark, hopeless, yet kind of fun.On the negatives, it is hard like I said, unfair, a bit repetitive, its low budget not some AAA title, and sure there could be more to do and some things could be cooler, but really I want to rate this one 10 out of 10. However, if we are going to compare it to a polished big budget game, all things equal, I can only give it 8 or 9 out of 10.I would put this one in the ""hidden gems"" and ""discovery"" categories. Very likely to become a cult classic in years to come."
76561198095862029,Recommended,475550,32222634,Posted: 6 June,all,Big bad Wolf 🐺,Nice game with entertaining dialogues and scenarios. Interesting characters and tough choices to make sometimes. Recommend:)
,Not Recommended,475550,33485087,Posted: 12 July,all,sc[]pe,"This isn't a bad game and i can see how to many its an excellent one, However i just cant seem to ""get into"" it. After reading the steam reviews and watching a few YT videos of the game i purchased this on sale but after a couple of attempts im just not motivated to try again.  Its a shame because the art style is cool but gameplay wise it is too similar to ""this war of mine"" only with less appeal (to me)."
,Recommended,475550,33539169,Posted: 14 July,all,jiexiaomao,BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU.
76561198386936586,Recommended,475550,33893004,Posted: 29 July,all,WANG Chenhua,"It's a good game while it won't be one of my favorites as it just brings pains.Actually I feel I can't really get involved in the game, especially when I found the only solution to save all famliy members of Carl is to do mass dirty things.The son of Carl gets trouble and the daughter gets sick. Both need huge amount of money which is at least 35k in total at the beginning of game.How is it possible to get the amount without diry things?What's the possibility to get this happen so suddenly?I am quite frustrated, feel it's totally crazy and far from my normal life.Thus I can't feel involved any more.While later I decide to try my best to save them.After a lot of search and thinking, I get the key:Ignore the way how we currently play with the real world, kind, honest,sympathy, etc.,Just focus on getting money without trouble: evil is not a problem, but dead family is.Mass black mails, bribes, every evil thing can bring money, heartlessly repeating like a robot.I get the solution, but not enjoy, not satisfied.The game is designed to encourage player to do these evil dirty stuffs.Either being cruel to others or being cruel to own family.I know it's the truth. I know in history such situation happens even many times.And now I understand better.This game does do its job well, but I won't be happy with it.If you try to be a good guy all your life, and you doubt what will happen if you are in such crazy world, play it,you will get answer."
76561198142073870,Recommended,475550,34355267,Posted: 19 August,all,ICEBEAR,when I can playing this game in Korean? Always prepareing saying again and againHow long we wait that. Just tell us the precise date plzI'll wait
,Recommended,475550,34647950,Posted: 31 August,all,●Saber●,Great game just only got 3 hours so far but plan many more. You get a great 1984/big brother feel from this game. love the dystopian mood.
,Not Recommended,475550,34695427,Posted: 2 September,all,i am a 40 y.o. lesbian,"Sadly, even though I very much enjoy playing this game, I have to leave negative review as certain aspects are not well thought through and thus making the game less enjoyable.To me it is a mystery why tasks that are needed to finish other tasks do not reappear if you fail to finish them on time.Example:""Farewell motherland!"" - I just could not find a way to help him escape.. after vigorous googling I found out there are only two ways of finishing this task and them both have already ended for me with no chance of coming back to them. The fat dude has already moved out and I also failed to find a date for the doctor.. which leaves me with zero other options of finishing the task.......Small things likenot thought-through task correlationmake indie games frustrating to play and sadly what could be an enjoyable experience I am putting away as waste of time and probably not coming back to it. I was really hoping this game nails it, but the developers need to work harder on this aspect.Thegameplay is fun, it is dark and sometimes you feel uncomfortable, I personally like the visuals, themusic is weakand on repeat, there could be a bit more than one minute loop that makes your brain go nuts after 20 minutes of playing.Another thing I absolutely despise in this game is that if you are doing some activity as for axample installing a camera and you click on another object, you stop the first activity before finishing it and instantly start the second activity.. it is beyond me why isn't there an activity save list of some kind like in Sims for at least three tasks.As I do not like to torture my friends with having to start all over after investing several hours in the game if they make one tiny mistake, I sadly have to say I would not recommend this game to them before this aspect is fixed."
76561198348832697,Recommended,475550,34705430,Posted: 3 September,all,Jester,"Nice and ""relaxing"" game for killing time."
,Recommended,475550,34731479,Posted: 4 September,all,2witch4u,"Freakin, just lemme lurk in peace goddangit! Just do as if I am not here at all, continue with your daily activities... *lurklurklurk*"
,Recommended,475550,34854921,Posted: 9 September,all,Dad?,"Interesting game. Good gameplay, nice concept, all in all its entertaining. My only concern is instructions. Early in the game I had some issues figuring out what to do. Some things are obscure and hard to find/figure out. It would be nice to have a more comprehensive tutorial. Anyways, nice game with cool artstyle and edgy gameplay."
,Recommended,475550,34880130,Posted: 11 September,all,Sublimise,Very clever and highly entertaining.
,Recommended,475550,35014933,Posted: 16 September,all,slevelneves,Good concept. Well laid out. Very aggrevating. 6/10
76561198050427119,Recommended,475550,26521079,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Burt,Orwell... 1984... SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!!1!
76561198033984598,Recommended,475550,26544893,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Animono,8/10
76561198344425203,Recommended,475550,26651438,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,BRANDONTEEMS,im having problems when i load up the game there is a light green outlines around my screen and i wont let me click new game exit game it wont eve let me play it i dont know what i am doing wrong
76561197993293114,Not Recommended,475550,26681640,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,baronjutter,"Great concept, unfortunately many bugs and broken quests exist in the game.  It's extremely possible to get stuck in places simply because a quest didn't quite fire right.  Would love to recomend this game, but it needs both quest bug fixes and some slightly more inuitive gameplay or interface in area.  (I still have no clue on what date to mark reports as, setting it as the earliest date often works,  often it doesn't, it doesn't seem to line up with when the edict was made, or when the crime was observed)"
76561198019519786,Recommended,475550,27318250,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr Man,Best game EVER!
76561198086201803,Recommended,475550,27364253,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Raafat_K,"I've never done a review before so bare with meThe first few hours playing this game it gave me a This War of Mine vibe,Pros- art style is amazing- enjoyable mechanics- enjoyable soundtrack- overall very fun and differentCons- Replay value is very limited- feels repetitive at timesOverall i would recommend buying this game"
76561198023049455,Recommended,475550,28787399,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Yusufu,I just blackmailed a lady for crying.. 10/10!
,Recommended,475550,29580546,Posted: 29 January,all,BIJUBOMB,Verry goood Gamme
,Recommended,475550,30009376,Posted: 18 February,all,LEI_JX,"The dark world. I did not finish with the good ending. But at least, it let me realise that the Utopia social is not existed."
76561198162608689,Not Recommended,475550,34569524,Posted: 28 August,all,Doctor13Dalek,If only the gameplay wasn't so repetitive and boring. The story became quite interesting but wasn't worth trying to navigate the character in a way where it could literally take a half hour game time to get from the basement to the top floor.
76561198258462991,Recommended,475550,34804497,Posted: 7 September,all,Dlods,"I have not written many reviews, but Beholder is a game I felt I should put my two cents in. Beholder has an incredibly written story that captivates the mind and makes you want to replay it to see every possible direction the story can go, and see every ending. It's smooth gameplay and graphics are pleasing to the eye, and I personally love the art style. I found myself challenged at times, but the game has multiple options to navigate nearly every scenario, creating your own path and story. The DLC, Blissful Sleep answered questions I didn't realize I had, and the game has a few easter egg-like references to pop culture that never fails to amuse. I am beyond impressed with this game."
,Recommended,475550,34885916,Posted: 11 September,all,SiunauS🦋,"There is a bug in this game. If i sold the fish can in 3000, i will not finish the mission ""sell the fish"", and i can not help the man live in room 1 get out of this country.【问题已解决【The problem has benn solved-----------------分割线-----------------所谓的“游戏版1984”这种炒作以及游戏里满坑满谷充满了恶意的政治隐喻为其吸引了越来越多的目光，这款游戏可以说是辱华了【滑稽"
76561198078510182,Recommended,475550,34962513,Posted: 14 September,all,jun_atienza97,Beholder is challenging and outstanding. Joke's on you if you miss out.
,Recommended,475550,35007778,Posted: 16 September,all,Teckful,"This is a fun little management style sim game, I only played it for a short while as I tend to get bored with these games after an hour or so but I generally come back to them from time to time. I really enjoy the illustration for this game and the overall storyline is fun and interesting."
,Recommended,475550,26525252,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Sir Colonel Kentucky,yeet
,Recommended,475550,26541658,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Radical,"A very memorable game. Great artstyle, music and gameplay."
,Recommended,475550,26559585,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Boshmash,"Really enjoying the game so far. The style of the game is great and so is the soundtrack. My only issue is that some of the animations are overused- for example when someone is being taken away, they migh keep stopping and crying then being kicked. The animations can sometimes eem like they are going in slow motion but other than that, this game is great! I usually don't like games like this, but this one is really good, and so far the story is interesting! I also like how it just throws you into situations and you have a limited time to complete them, it makes it seem quite realistic! Also, wheny uo click the fast forward button, after knocking on someone's door, according to the game clock it takes about one hour for them to get ther. Great game, interesting, good story, great art style, nice sound track. Strange clocks, some weird animations but still a really good game!EDIT- My wife just killed herself because my daughter died and me not buying her a damn expensive radio which apparently does not even work in the basement pushed her over the edge. I thought she was blowing her nose but she was overdosing and now she is dead. Literally as the police are coming in to help, I get a phone call. It says that my son robbed a bank because I did not give him 20k to send him somewhere else. So my wife and son died simultaneously and here's the best part, I have to pay 5k for my son's bank robbery! 11/10 great timing would death again.EDIT 2- Now I got charged 2k for both of their funerals as well.EDIT 3- A group of people ran past screaming but the house did not get bombed. Just got charged 500 for my wife's healthcare... apparently she got injured in the riot? Things are rapidly going downhill...EDIT 4- Beginning to think the game hates me... My wife supposedly died another time? Hope I don't have to pay for another funeral because it did the cutscene again...EDIT 5- I had to pay another 1k for a second funeral for my wife who OD'd and then came back to life and then got injured in a miners' striked and then died again in hospital. 1000/10 would break the game again... Now I am at $798. I am screwed if another bad thing happens...EDIT 6- SWEET JESUS OH LORD I AM HAVING A BAD TIME. Now, a propaganda thing has arrived and he won't turn it off unless I give him $500! IT IS A LOOP!!! THIS IS PAIN!EDIT 7- I THOUGHT I COULD COME BACK BUT JUST AS I ASKED FOR THE LEADER'S BIRTHDATE, I WENT BANKRUPT.R.I.P CARL THE UNLUCKIEST MAN ALIVE.1000000000000000000/10 would try to pick myself up then fail againFINAL EDIT- Did one ending of the game! SO MANY REFERENCES TO PAPERS PLEASE!"
76561198062348785,Recommended,475550,28693323,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,clickxels,"If your wife cries to much, you can have her picked up by the police.What an utopian society."
,Recommended,475550,29838890,Posted: 10 February,all,alfafox0000,Everybody getting beat over apples and going to jail. 10/10
,Recommended,475550,31009204,Posted: 7 April,all,Malvictus,"Framed my wife because she was ruining me with constant demands for money, 10/10 would frame again. Awesome game and well worth the price."
76561198185732007,Recommended,475550,31385395,Posted: 26 April,all,Kapkan Krunch,This is a fantastic game that needs so much more praise then it already get1. Artstyle is fantastic2. music is great with a ominous feel to it3. Story is phenomenal with such a good lore that sucks you in to the atmosphere and just makes it that much betterOverall i would give this game a 9/10
76561198025901454,Recommended,475550,31933184,Posted: 24 May,all,eternity21090,This is a really good game.  I was astounded by how realistic the scenarios are.  For someone who had experienced  similar regime in the real life this was very interesting and engaging.
76561198071898716,Recommended,475550,34625512,Posted: 30 August,all,Whatever,"I really enjoy this game, even with the flaws.Pros:-I love the art style-even though i beleive  this is translated from another language, both the spoken and written english are free from errors-the voice acting in cut scenes are done very well-the game is challenging yet not impossible-multiple choices and endings-very impressive story that is fun to both play and re-play-runs very smoothly, very well animated, not a highly demanding game-high qualiy game for the priceCons:-The only con is the save system. you cannot save at any time in game. The game is supposed to auto save at the begining of each quest. If this actually worked it would not be an issue: so far this has never saved for me, even after checking cache and reinstalling. For me this means I have to find a long time to play through in one go or window the game and pause. Even if there is no save files, you can choose to load game in the main menu, but this will only result in the loading screen freezing. This deffinately qualifies as a game breaking bug, and without it the game would be nearly perfect.Conclusion: Great game overall. Because of the save problem I am hesitant to recommend, however considering this is a known issue that has effected some but not all, I can feel safe reccommending the game at full price; you may not have this issue, and if you do I'm certain a solution will be found soon.7/10 with issue, 9/10 if issue was not present."
,Recommended,475550,34737223,Posted: 4 September,all,Mik0vskyy,Best Game Ever!   Please more update
,Recommended,475550,27761954,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,no_name3344,"this game is absolutely INSANE. Like the story is rich and complex, interesting. This game is full of esmotions i just couldn't help but have compassion for the main character and the tenants. the graphic art is absolutely beautiful i just love everything about this game. 11/10 would buy again"
76561198352719089,Recommended,475550,28656303,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,hanseul1795,"1- saw the ending. Game was kinda short.2- You become a lab rat, you are forced to choose.It's seems like ""your"" choice have the consequence, but it is not ""your"" choice.3- you won't make enough of money4- you will die suddenly5- you will feel bad about yourself after playing for a while.I recommend this game to all SM people out there."
76561198044609295,Not Recommended,475550,29792959,Posted: 8 February,all,CastIronBoomstick,"I only played Beholder for about 20 minutes before deciding it just wasnt for me, and probably isnt for anybody.Imgine playing Papers Please with floaty, bass-ackwards controls, slow unresponsive movment and actions, and orders that are occasionally impossible to complete. Its a cool concept, which is why I bought it, but thank god for Steam Refunds.EDIT:Since the dev was cool enough to respond, I figured Id give the game another shot, and after a bit more time with it I still havnt changed my stance on the game. Beholder is certainly more than I thought it was, but its really overdesigned in a lot of key ways. I got to a point where it was pretty clear that I just wasnt supposed to win, and realized the rest of the game would be like that. In that respect, Beholder isnt really a game. The core loop doesnt really involve much skill or engagement, its just about coming up with solutions to problems you're not intended to solve. Go play Orwell or any of the other games that do what Beholder does better."
76561198279853244,Recommended,475550,33960533,Posted: 1 August,all,壊れかけのRadio,"8.5/10 Recommend as one of the good dystopian games.[SPOILERS!!!]The background setting is kinda simliar to the world in <1984>. You are merely a normal, average citizen of your home country, striving to make a good living for the people you care; you could also be a hero if you decide to stand up and fight for your dream and freedom. The final ending totally depends on your very choice.However, in some cases, there was...acutally not too much choice for you if you are rtruly roleplaying the male char. Marth's lung disease and Partick's tuition and travel fees just cost too much that it will never be affordable to you if you don't blackmail your tenants. In my first round of gameplay, I just wanted to play as my normal self. I tried to get along with everyone, get my job done and live a good live.But it turned out that I have no choice but to blackmail the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of my tenants, or my little daughter would die helplessly due to the lack of medical treatment. I struggled a lot and decided to do the dirty work myself and leave a good life for my family. I started from a gross drugdealer, who had abused other people a lot.But it was far from enough. I had to keep getting new people moving in the building, blackmailing their money, and then sending them into jails to protect myself. After completing the first gameplay, I, as a player, wondered whether it is necessary to do all these terrible things (I don't want to lose my family of course). The answer is no because the game design made it impossbile to save the daugther and son without getting the hand dirty.I really hope there could be more choice and branch stories. The game is too short."
,Recommended,475550,27280499,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tomwyr,Am I even a villain? or just a nice guy?
76561198047608290,Recommended,475550,29885057,Posted: 12 February,all,I'm Treating myself,"Great deal of fun, varied endings and choices are very cool.10/10 Would have my wife arrested for apple possesion again."
,Recommended,475550,30080719,Posted: 21 February,all,𝓢𝓪𝓴𝓾𝓻𝓪,"Be or not to be,this is a question."
,Recommended,475550,30512521,Posted: 14 March,all,dirgemolko,Damn hard !
76561198048512816,Recommended,475550,32727248,Posted: 24 June,all,Bliss,Shame on me for dishousing Klaus Shimmer in a hard wayso give good review for my guilt.i keep play this game because they force to do bad thing SHAME on mezzz
,Not Recommended,475550,33179817,Posted: 3 July,all,CTRL+FU,"So, I bought the original game the day it was released, played it for a short while and thought ""meh."" I picked up the DLC on the Steam sale and thought it was time to give it another go.Now, this is not a ""bad"" game. But it does have problems.One of the biggest is that stealing is illegal, so when you're stealing things in an apartment and NO ONE IS EVEN AROUND, the police show up out of nowhere and bust into the room. So any illegal objects you've taken (well, anything you've taken) disapper. This is idiotic. How can I go into a room where there's no possibility of anyone seeing me, then get busted by the magical fairy police? The worst part is that when you get something illegal and can use it to report someone it disappears. No more report. No more rewards.The second thing is... ok, so two people are in the apartment and you knock on the door. Someone comes but it's not the one you want to talk to. They are standing in the same room. Why in the hell isn't there an option to say, ""can I talk to him/her?!?"" So instead you've got to wait (and this takes awhile) for them to walk back into the apartment, knock again and hope the other person comes to the door. Really? Reaallyy??The next thing... I've played this three times and the games seem to not be random, but scripted. So, if I'm right and they are as it seems, there is really no reason to replay the game other than go through the exact same motions and make different choices. (Now, I will say that it doesn't specificlaly state on the game's page that it's random, but I see little point in replaying the same scenes with different choices, especially when everything occurs so slowly in this game.)I honestly hope those things will be addressed, or at least the first two, so that this game plays with ""more sense/realism.""I'm not asking them to completely overhaul the game and make it random (if I'm correct in assuming it's not), but until those other two things are modified, I honestly can't recommend the game. It's just not fun to play when you can't do such simple things.Again, this isn't a bad gameI'd honestly give it a neutral rating if I had the option. If you do buy it, be prepared for actions that make no sense.If the things I mentioned are addressed, I'll happily change my rating.**Have not played the DLC yet, so I cannot speak to that.**"
,Recommended,475550,34190305,Posted: 12 August,all,freakywarlock,A little bit boring but cool game 6/10
,Recommended,475550,34608256,Posted: 30 August,all,Val,noice game
76561198024227877,Recommended,475550,26545903,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Cory Scopis,kind of boring.  maybe the game just isn't for me.   It's not a baddie tho
,Not Recommended,475550,26594638,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Sarra,"It just gets beyond silly at some points.Also I don't want to help the resistance, I just want to make my country proud, and this game wont let me.Let me report these bad people, stop making me undermine the fatherland!"
76561198254497377,Recommended,475550,26756632,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,The physical return of Christ.,cool
76561198253275203,Recommended,475550,28118234,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,头孢糖豆机,good game
,Recommended,475550,28784222,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Akira,Freedom or death?Right or wrong?I choose $1000 fast cash.
,Recommended,475550,31872672,Posted: 20 May,all,vampireskoolgrl,Honestly love this game. I find it very challenging but in a good and interesting way. It is senstive for viewer as it is a lot of mature topics and depressing imagery but very fun and thought provoking.
,Recommended,475550,32829151,Posted: 26 June,all,Ogel,Very fustrating and addictive.
76561198079268952,Recommended,475550,33058647,Posted: 30 June,all,ENIGMA,"Its fun but when ever I try to arrest someone it says wrong date and theres nothing that says what the correct date is, even calling the ministry dosn't give you the correct date even when your apost to call them for help"
76561198080384500,Recommended,475550,34611712,Posted: 30 August,all,ODawgster,Great game if you buy it on sale.
,Recommended,475550,26568397,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,VG Purist,"This game starts out with a very hard to understand interface.  Though the tutorial tries to explain in detail what to do, it still isn't always clear. Perhaps actually circling what text needs to be clicked would be a good idea. However once getting past those hurdles, this will become a very fun game to play.The biggest thing to note is that this is a STORY DRIVEN game in which the replayability comes when choosing which course of action to take.  If you were looking for a sandbox spying game, this is not for you.The artstyle of this game is really on point.  I love how everything looks and feels.You can see the heavy influences from ""Papers Please"" and this game carries that over quite nicely.This game really gives you some touch choices to make and things that will influence not only your own survivability but the rest of your family.https://youtu.be/kn5KPaqkCCQOverall a good game and at the correct price point.  Pick this game up and remember that the state doesn't own you... yet!"
,Recommended,475550,28848226,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SoulReaperLV,Cool game but finished it in 4 hours
,Recommended,475550,28892420,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Benny Lava,This game is amazing
76561198111882356,Recommended,475550,30085468,Posted: 21 February,all,Fallain,"Absolutely amazing, great immersion, content and ideas. MORE DLC'S, please!"
,Not Recommended,475550,28687114,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Plumber Rick,no replay value
76561198003420249,Not Recommended,475550,29506512,Posted: 26 January,all,Handy,"I like the concept of this game, but the execution didn't quite click for me. The English translation was forced at times... Not being fluent in anything but English, I'm sure that there are some idioms that don't translate well, but I would love to see a more thoughtful translation. Some of the mechanics don't really work for me, I.e. trying not to get caught in someone's apt, I dash out of their home just as they open the door, nearly bowling then over and ... No response.The game doesn't really change as time goes on, different projects, different stories, but same thing: gather evidence in the same ways. The gameplay loop just didn't grab me. Maybe with more fleshed out stories/better translation, I'd feel more immersed."
,Recommended,475550,26527987,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Ramon,This is not really my type of game but I love it because of the art style. The music is not bad too.It reminds me of Papers Please only a lot more involved and more dynamic.I will continue to play it for some time and the only complaint I really have for it now is the inability to save on demand.
,Recommended,475550,28616013,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Jainith,"Great game! Its like ""Papers Please"" to the next level!"
,Recommended,475550,29494620,Posted: 25 January,all,Indourt,A reflection of north Korea and may be the future of china.the story is absolutely fantastic.
,Recommended,475550,31867693,Posted: 20 May,all,A Rather Slender Man™,Hidden Ducks
76561198040882512,Recommended,475550,33111876,Posted: 1 July,all,Act,"Beholder is an excellent game that you should definitely check out. The premise is that you live in a totalitarian dictaorship and work for the government, who have made you the landlord of an apartment complex and tasked you with spying on the residents. Just how much you abuse your power and how much you decide to care about the people is up to you, and I though it did an excellent job of forcing you into ends-justify-the-means choices and was incredibly well-written when it came to showing that when people are constantly under duress, sometimes all they can do is hurt as few people as possible, and trying to figure out what 'right' is under those circumstances is just not easy.Beholder is ultimately a satire, and quite a funny one, for something that deals with murder and torture as major themes. It's notable that the entire game takes place on one screen, in one setting -- this is a hugely difficult thing to accomplish in storytelling, no matter the medium, and Beholder is compelling not just from start to finish, but across multiple playthroughs. Every single choice you make matters, and none of them feel frivolous. It's a great game. I also can't understate how effective the music and art style were."
,Recommended,475550,26551004,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Sound,Really cool art style
76561198050224702,Not Recommended,475550,34788328,Posted: 6 September,all,breadraptor,"This game seems like something in the vein of Papers Please or This War of Mine, which is why I bought it. It's only surface level though. It tries to act a lot more edgy and emotional than it actually is, which I found annoying. ""oooh you arrested a guy for making drugs in his apartment, I'm going to show him getting beat up and dragged away with a frowny face above his head, this is emotional huh?"" Meh."
76561198145413522,Recommended,475550,26553248,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,SmashCraft32,BEST UNDER 10$ GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,475550,28774488,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Simulation Home | Youtube,"I HAD TO REQUEST A REFUND!!!!!This game is very very slow, and is different to the trailer. Got boring rather quick."
,Recommended,475550,31976642,Posted: 26 May,all,Mecha King Kong,"The average game lasts around 3.5 hours, which is a good length if you want to replay it and unlock different story paths/endings. Unlike similar games, there is no filler or repetitive menial tasks to pad the runtime. Every decision you make is important."
,Recommended,475550,26569012,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Pie,"It's a great game, but really needs balance issues worked out."
76561197998178980,Not Recommended,475550,31357385,Posted: 25 April,all,Hormiga,"Interesting concept but the game lacks anything to really pull you into the world. The gameplay is repeatative and rather boring; it feels like a mobile or flash game. The art is probably the best aspect of the game.Ultimately I wouldn't say this is a horrible game, maybe worth buying it during a sale."
,Not Recommended,475550,32012029,Posted: 27 May,all,LeapMaster,"I have to say that I really enjoy the premise behind this game, but it feels mechanically unpolished. A few examples of things that took me out of it:-A group called me and offered payment for certain services. They never paid me, and my character never brought this up in conversation when they asked for more services.-Achievements pop up for certain character deaths when the criteria for their death is met, but this can be well before they officially revealed to have died.-I paid for intelligence to help me out in a quest, but I was unable to find where it put this intelligence and had to look it up online.-Tenants don't notice you blatantly running out of their rooms as they approach.-The voice-over for the slide-show cutscenes does not match up with dialogue, and even includes some mistakes (like when describing how the country sent its ""able-boiled youth"" off to war)-Based on certain decisions, a character can show up to kill you. Should you ignore them however, they will simply stand in the same spot for the rest of the game with a dialogue notification over their head.This game clearly draws inspiration from games like ""Papers Please"" and ""This War of Mine"" what with the setting, the tough choices, and the eventually overwhelming amount of laws to keep track of and punishment for failing from ""Papers Please"", and the permadeath and resource management of ""This War of Mine"". The choices are almost impossible to evaluate, making them dice rolls, and based on my experience, tend to be overall generally negative.The game held numerous financial goals over my head that I was clearly meant to meet a minimal number of, resulting in some interesting decision making. I met none of them. Undoubtedly I could have done better, but this was all while keeping on top of the game's mechanics and doing my due diligence to earn. Then it charged me for not meeting them, rubbing salt in the wound and offsetting the sacrifices I made to try and earn my keep.This game is brutal. And I can dig that, there's nothing wrong with having a narrative that's dark or mechanics that are demanding and require mastery. But the game frequently frames these consequences as being your own failings while setting you up to fail. Games can be art, but this feels like a clear cut case of art compromising the game aspect. I dig what they're going for, there's a lot of potential depth to the game, lots of moving pieces, and lots of charm. It's easy to find stuff to be impressed with here. But the end result, for all its potential, falls flat due to the fact that it just isn't that fun to play."
,Not Recommended,475550,30340584,Posted: 5 March,all,BobJr,"Plays more like a puzzle game than what you expect. Its not really about being a landlord, its about solving a bunch of quests that the game presents you with over time. It will be the same every time, and the solutions will also be the same every time. Maybe worth it on a giant sale, but otherwise I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,475550,27769252,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,zilly,"I'll make this short, unlike some of my other reviews.You are Carl Stein, and you have been appointed the position of Ministry of Interior (homeland spy)Your job is to run your new tenement/apartment building, and doing so spy on its residents.You must collect information on the residents living just floors above you.If you catch someone committing ciminal activities, it is your duty to report them to the Ministryimmediately...Or, you could just blackmail them if you have more of a heart and a slimmer wallet..Overall the game has a great story, and the theme of a 1984 dystopian, totalitarian state-controlled Germany/Russia is fantastic.Lots of replayability and time to be spent in this game even without accounting for achievements.Such a fan, I've even done fan-art (animation) that you can see on my profile.9/10"
76561198295723079,Recommended,475550,28304261,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,darthgalexis,"Has this game been crashing for anyone? Have uninstalled, reinstalled, it just crashes everytime."
,Recommended,475550,28685193,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,"Ditcher, quick & hyde lawyers",I is vert dark and you will always lose in the end.  Not winner in the end everyone dies.
76561197979384069,Not Recommended,475550,29694293,Posted: 4 February,all,Willhelm Tell,False advertisement.Spying is hardly the point of the game. 80% of the time you just run around and randomly talk to people until new conversation options and events are available. Cameras are absolutely pointless. The only time where the game noticably rewards you for breaking into appartments is when you decide to plant false evidence to frame them.The gameplay mechanics are so poorly executed that the game feels much more like a loose skin around a 'choose your own adventure story' rather than actually being enjoyable in their own rights.
76561198090372755,Recommended,475550,28946859,Posted: 2 January,all,Stepan,"Lul. in the final guy a statue similar from the ""papers please""."
76561198009903018,Recommended,475550,31426140,Posted: 28 April,all,Corwin86,"Pretty solid game: a bit difficult, but also quite interesting and with an emotional story.Maybe, I don't think it really gives a lot of replaybility: the main story is coded and follow a single flux of events.Yes, you can make some choices (indeed, quite of them), but many are... quite unpleasant for you and your tenants :)In the end, a good game, for the right price: 8/10!"
,Recommended,475550,33307587,Posted: 6 July,all,PamPamCuap,fum
76561197981244155,Recommended,475550,26594005,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,shavka,Awesome game! Simply overwhelming.
76561198115302552,Recommended,475550,28177617,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,LightSaber,You can only save one.
76561198127102886,Recommended,475550,28598947,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,HummingRabbit,I feel like a stalker. #stalkersimulator2016
,Recommended,475550,30023556,Posted: 18 February,all,Sleepy Sheepy,This is so realistic it gave my soviet union born mom flashbacks.10/10
76561198133839393,Recommended,475550,31357052,Posted: 25 April,all,Abaddon -A-,Just awesome *****
,Not Recommended,475550,34594454,Posted: 29 August,all,Nightmare!,"(mini-review)I can't stress enough how disappointed I was with this game.  While I'm sure my issues may not be shared by all players of this game, the fact that I ran into the sad, cavalcade of bugs means at least some others probably did as well.  While the game is lavishly illustrated, directed and choreographed, the game, at its core is simply a turbo-charged Guess Who? where you keep track of up to a dozen targets and log their illegal consumption of apples (yes, you can get people arrested for eating apples...apples).  This kind of simplicity detracts from the morality of the game and when coupled with the game bugs that I experienced, make the game impossible to recommend.  One bug I encountered caused my first mission target to not present himself until the quest timer ended and the attempt failed.  This bug occurred 4/5 games, despite following the identical process each time.  Additionally, my reward for the first mission should have been 250 currency but instead, I received 50 and was forced to abandon the game save.All in all, I'd avoid this game.  It seems like a great game but between the game-crushing bugs and the memorization-intensive face-tile matching gameplay (which honestly feels like work at times), I believe this game style is better represented by other options.5/10."
76561197971080264,Recommended,475550,26650346,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Toolkit,Addicting
,Recommended,475550,28313953,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,sresian989,Really nifty game. I haven't won yet and that's part of what keeps me playing.
,Recommended,475550,32778395,Posted: 25 June,all,HeisenberG,when you update turkish patch ?this game good and cheap
,Recommended,475550,34670890,Posted: 1 September,all,Scorchious,really cool game - highly recomend
76561197970483712,Recommended,475550,28185345,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,vane303,a nice little blockwart game - it is quite ok but unfortunately not great.can recommend it if you get it cheap
76561198088346742,Recommended,475550,33986700,Posted: 2 August,all,GOOFY GOOBER,WAWAWAWAWAWAWAWAWAWAWAhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OO7v0jWR0yA
76561198061048713,Recommended,475550,31332092,Posted: 23 April,all,MurkeyWater,"Went to evict and was shoot dead.... Well time to try a different approach....Glad I finally broke down and bought this, it has been on my wishlist for a long time. And finally decided to breakdown and buy this...So far very cool and am really digging it, and art style is great...."
,Recommended,475550,29382666,Posted: 20 January,all,Spy'Ce,"I wish the game had some different quests and tennants, so it would be less predictable, when you'll be replaying the game. But in general, great atmosphere and it is rather challenging to play it the first time"
76561198050668435,Not Recommended,475550,30134994,Posted: 23 February,all,Shadow striker,"♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME! it is broken, if there is no illegal♥♥♥♥♥♥in a tenants appartment, you are ♥♥♥♥ed. unless there is some stupid, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t framing mechanic the game neglets to mention to you."
76561198042257544,Recommended,475550,29407017,Posted: 21 January,all,La-Li-Lu-Le-Lo??!?!,"Beholder excellent little game, reminiscent to Papers Please; but it has it's respective differences. If you enjoyed Papers Please odds are you'll enjoy this game too.In Beholder you play as the landlord/surveillance of a little apartment building, you're given a simple set of rules; take note of all directives (New Laws will be Made as you play), report any and all crime (Unless you want to blackmail the tenant for some extra cash), and to follow all Ministry orders. You must do all of this while looking after your family, with events such as your daughter becoming ill, your son wanting to leave the country; and even them breaking the law. Then there are the Rebels, who will do anything to fight the oppressive government that you represent. It's up to you to maintain the balance of Right and Wrong all while ensuring your family doesn't parish.In Short, Beholder is an excellent game that I would recommend to anyone."
76561198418663987,Not Recommended,475550,34815353,Posted: 8 September,all,ELDORADO,"There is a very annoying bug...Whenever I try to write a report or a blackmail letter, the latest date on the notepapar is always a day earlier than the actual date, if I submit the report, I get a fine."
,Not Recommended,475550,34840490,Posted: 9 September,all,thewizardofmayhem,"Cool looking game, interesting concept. I must simply have a bug, and cannot get any assistance on how to overcome it.The problem is i have started a new game now for the 4th time, each time i get my first orders to get information on the guy in appartment 2. For the 4th time in a row i search his whole appartment, i place a camera, i find gambling dice and a broken bottle. He never shows up so i never get to talk to him in person, i talk to literally everyone else. and no way to report any information at my desk. Not that it matters i have nothing on the guy.I get a call from HQ, i am fined for not getting info on this guy (in time)....He always shows up after i get fined, warned, and almost fired. If this first assignment is simply a ""Kobayashi maru"" event then so be it, but it plays out like badly timed programming every time."
76561198073249027,Not Recommended,475550,33808047,Posted: 26 July,all,Gail Porter,"I enjoy this, main reason i dont play it is because some of your choice dont matter. Tried saving someone from a ♥♥♥♥♥ by evicting her and as she was leaving the person she tried to kill just drops dead magically in the room. i took the knife out your room aswell beforehand. not allowed to refund cause im 1.7 hours over -_-"
76561198025120297,Not Recommended,475550,28916095,Posted: 1 January,all,hlorange,"Great idea, could have been an outstanding game, had the mechanics been a little different. Some very annoying bugs halfway means you'll have to restart to get past them."
76561198106931110,Not Recommended,475550,34606538,Posted: 30 August,all,Eagle of Freedom,"I can't compelte the first mission, the work desk will not function and the person will not spawn i tried  reloading it a few times and it still wont work which is a shame as this game looks like it could have been great"
,Not Recommended,475550,29861572,Posted: 11 February,all,JustGresh,"Fun game, I would recommend for people who like dystopian themed games. I enjoyed this game but after a few hours the gameplay got a little too repetitive. The story is intriguing but not quite enough to keep me engaged until the end. One problem I found is there is not enough incentive to keep tenants moved in rather than writing a report and having them arrested. Makes the gameplay kind of lopsided when money is such an issue. Maybe that's intended, but I don't recall the tenants ever even paying rent. Play if you don't mind repetitve gameplay or love dystopian societies. Don't if you get bored easily."
76561197995364531,Recommended,475550,35475316,Posted: 4 October,all,Noby,Finally game i can recommend to my nosy neighbor!
76561198021060902,Recommended,475550,33008660,Posted: 29 June,all,diglett,really good game. i 100% recommend
,Recommended,475550,33022719,Posted: 29 June,all,Dvionst,"DAMN IT, THIS IS MY GAME TYPE.."
76561198365215732,Recommended,475550,32945897,Posted: 28 June,all,Keating,Ubuntu 16.04 64 位 不能正常显示中文
76561198277558756,Recommended,475550,33014730,Posted: 29 June,all,Jaspingo,Great!!!!
,Recommended,475550,26511364,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Oxibot,"I am just blown away by this. The atmosphere. The Artwork. The cerebral nature of it. It just grips you and out of all the games I've played this week, this is the one I want to jump right back on. I don't need to say much else, this is going to be big.If you'd like to see some gameplay to see for yourself:https://youtu.be/8V4KORWHsZ8"
,Recommended,475550,35479465,Posted: 4 October,all,okasion1,Orwell and Huxley would be proud. No wonder ((video game journalists)) talk so little about this game and hasn't received a fair score on Metacritic.
76561198047868578,Not Recommended,475550,31939618,Posted: 24 May,all,jcbvickers,"This game's premise is utterly brilliant, but the employment is just too much.  I can't tell if I'm just awful at the game or if it's just incredibly hard.  I played the game on the easy mode after several failures to see if I could make it to the end, I still could not.  Even with all expenditures halved and all profit doubled I still was about $10,00 short of getting the good ending.  I am not a fan of games where I will have to fail so I can't reccomnend this.  I love the idea of the game though, I'd love to see some other game use the same idea with different gameplay mechanics."
,Not Recommended,475550,28955815,Posted: 2 January,all,Exciting Jeff,"Profoundly unfair Sims/Papers Please/This War of Mine mix-up that's a ""roguelike"" in the sense that you lose, and that's it, and there are no save points, but none of the events are randomized, so if you want to see it through, you have to go through the same events over and over again. A big disappointment."
,Not Recommended,475550,29193315,Posted: 11 January,all,Ridwan,Awful controls.
76561198017112301,Not Recommended,475550,29666693,Posted: 3 February,all,walter,"Spent about 90 minutes but couldn't get in to it. Too much tedium. Click scroll click. It's like one of those old Sierra games ... just linear as hell. Nice concept, failed execution."
,Not Recommended,475550,29473683,Posted: 24 January,all,atilla.ergin87,"Wasted money on a nice premise, ffs. All the spying thing is just overshadowed by this onslaught of side quests, i don't care about the antibiotics for my daughter or the doctors need to get some ♥♥♥♥♥.And for the spying ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, I've got stuck on the first main quest which is evicting Klaus on apartment 1. The first issue is the apartment is never empty, i can rarely enter it and when i do i only have a window of maybe 10 seconds, the bus constantly comes and goes so there is always the threat of either klaus coming or his ♥♥♥♥♥ wife coming.I took the tutorial and the game instantly became boring anyway, just go into apartments, click♥♥♥♥♥♥to search, click text to mark as evidence, click♥♥♥♥♥♥to fill in the report and you're done.I don't think i'll ever complete this game, everything feels insanely forced."
,Not Recommended,475550,34619738,Posted: 30 August,all,Space Racoon,"I got this game expecting it to have controls that are generally used for a PC, found out pretty quickly that that's not how this game operates. This game is a mobile game, literally, and controls just like one. It has micro-transactions and a menu that is large for small mobile screens.If a developer is ever going to move a mobile game onto PC, they should at least optimise it for such a thing. It's even cheaper on mobile and works just the same!"
76561197996137989,Not Recommended,475550,30422480,Posted: 10 March,all,Nightlight,"An interesting premise, but terrible mechanics and repetition that becomes quickly tiring."
,Recommended,475550,34181867,Posted: 11 August,all,"Vader, Kaiser of Scarif & Endor",Trump colluded with the Russians to make this game
76561198120120855,Recommended,475550,26620708,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Aki秋,have no clue how to play this game. no information given yet you figured out until the last mins or so.Thumb Up
,Recommended,475550,32226924,Posted: 6 June,all,SemN,7/10
,Recommended,475550,30024460,Posted: 18 February,all,Delta,"It's Paper's Please meets Fallout ShelterWhile it might not be as grueling or as depressing as Paper's Please, it really gives you enough time to care about these characters and there intertwined quests more. Someone might do something illegal, yet be in the position to help one of your family member's with an illness. Alternatively you could make a decision you come to regret in a situation only for a new solution to take place down the road that requires extra effort for you to pull off. The main character also has more personality than that of Paper's Please. In paper's please you are told what happen's, and what will happen if your character fails his job, but in the first few minutes we actually get to see that. This game also takes Limbo's black-silhouette-and-bright-white-eyes-with-an-expressionless-face to greater heights. Everything feels 3-D and believeable, and each character design compliments there personalities greatly. This is surely not something to miss out on if you are a fan of dystopian games like Paper's Please and This War of Mine"
76561198084935483,Recommended,475550,26545117,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,iMSaiyan,"Great game so far, a decent amount of things to do and going against the state always feels good :D especially because of their ridic rules of not being able to use foreign currency, not own/eat apples!? -- the game has a lot of different options to play it, if you choose to blackmail people and it's very story driven so that is a plus as well.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6n269ExK_VY"
,Recommended,475550,26521156,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Vinny,"Pros:Fun and simple graphicsGood tutorialInteresting dialogHilarious beatdowns from policeA lot of missions from tenants to keep you busyActually takes time to think of a strategy for some parts.Cons:Can be difficult to some(Not that bad unless you're boring)Some small bugs(Not bad for its first day release)Theres really not many cons but I will update as time goes on.But overall this game is really fun, you will most likely enjoy this game if you're a fan of This War Of Mine. You can also blackmail and frame people which is entertaining if you like watching a buff police officer beat on an old man, women, boy, girl... Pretty much everyone.8/10 If you have the money buy it. Its also on sale!"
,Recommended,475550,29405043,Posted: 21 January,all,astroripper,"I wish there were more content and things varied, but it's a good story game."
76561198282640258,Recommended,475550,29369049,Posted: 19 January,all,Badman101,"Well made game, nice art style, good plot, and amazing soundtrack. Worth the 20 bucks"
76561198046602149,Not Recommended,475550,30093268,Posted: 21 February,all,rdpumgac,the game crashes everytime i go to write a report no matter what i do. making it unplayable.
76561198008230360,Not Recommended,475550,31385380,Posted: 26 April,all,Samurai4w,"A good concept, that borrows mechanics & style from both Papers, Please! and This War of Mine, but I don't think it lives up to either of those. Most of the storylines turn out in binary ways, and you can stall out the interdependent storylines if people get evicted too soon / whatev. You can also easily exhaust all your missions—or have downtime between people arriving at the building—which just leaves you with spying to do. Most apartments have 5–6 containers for you to rifle through when new people move in, but that doesn't take long, and the cameras persist after people move, so it's easy to bug the whole building, and then... there's not actually that much for you to do."
,Not Recommended,475550,33864451,Posted: 28 July,all,p5eudo,"To the developers: Never, ever, EVER clutter up a linux user's home directory with unnecessary files. The ""Warm Lamp Games"" folder should be a hidden folder, if you're going to put it in user's the home directory at all. This is standard practice. ANYONE developing games for Linux should know this. (prepending the directory name with a period is all it takes) It is infuriating to go into my home directory and see that some ridiculous game plopped its fat♥♥♥♥♥♥into my neatly organized home directory.Now, moving past that:The game is meh so far. I've only played a little of it, because it took SO LONG to wait for a suspect to leave his apartment. This is one of those games that doesn't streamline things. Starting a new game should allow for skipping of intro crap. I'll update this review if I give it another shot and have different findings."
,Not Recommended,475550,34618306,Posted: 30 August,all,Pseudo Nimm,"Bit tedious and slow, cumbersome controls using mouse or controller. Tenants don't tend to do much, tension of sneaking into apartments is kinda lost. Difficult learning curve. Feel of the game was good, but overall a bit tardy."
,Not Recommended,475550,34619395,Posted: 30 August,all,Sokolov,Too much artificial stress. Too many actions to perform in a small amount of time. Opposite of relaxing.
,Not Recommended,475550,26624971,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,bunny1ov3r,"Good premise I suppose. Personally, I dislike the game so far because it requires too much clicking and planning without being a strategical game, so I can't just relax and let the story unfold. The physical scope of the game is limited to just the apartment complex and its immediate surroundings. Compared to the efforts players have to put into making choices, there are minimal amount of story-telling. Maybe I am just not the right type of people for this sort of game."
76561197971268130,Not Recommended,475550,32185340,Posted: 4 June,all,Takuwind,"Can already see this is going to get repetitive.  Kept trying new game, but first mission was IMPOSSIBLE to completre, so always started with a failure.  Task was to get info on this guy, but he never physically appears until after the task has failed.  Not much point in continuing with the game, so I'm returning it.  Promissing gameplay, but still needs some work."
,Not Recommended,475550,29799983,Posted: 9 February,all,supernaturalScientist,"I was very excited to play this game! The game is almost impossible at one point. I only have $850 and I have to start repairing stuff within 10 h. So I go to the store but the game doesen't have any repair kit! So I just wait for my $2000 fine, and get fired! Impossible!"
76561198122323100,Not Recommended,475550,31840879,Posted: 19 May,all,huhuhuhuhu,"Didn't like it, unfortunately.It gets boring and repetitive."
76561198030737915,Not Recommended,475550,33062701,Posted: 30 June,all,Styrnkaar,"Not terrible, but sort of sub-par.Aesthetically, it's got some neat choices, but animations don't feel super fluidly put together. Play for a minute or watch gameplay to see what I mean.There's no variance in the system, so if you restart at any point you'll end up playing through the exact same dialogues, motions, etc.Mechanically, the game is supposed to be:- Snooping through keyholes- Setting up cameras- looking through people's things- Writing character profiles of tenants- Blackmailing tenants for extra $$$- Reporting tenants to the state- Optionally, helping tenants at a cost to yourself.Makes sense. But, your time to actually do any given action is fairly limited. The time cycle moves really quickly ( probably to accommodate the smaller level/apartments), so you'll end up only have a few seconds to perform a handful of actions. This kind of messes with the pacing, so you're kind of at a loss for what each moment to moment gameplay action you really want to be doing. But on the flipside of this, it seems like most actions give you plenty of time complete them, so most of the game is really centered around setting yourself up for success early.Interesting concept, but not sold on all the choices and the final released execution of that concept."
76561198038250957,Not Recommended,475550,26529315,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Goblin Boy,"This game is interesting in concept, kind of cool, but not really fun.There are several spots where I continued to get stuck. You can expect to die in this game, for simply picking the wrong text option. But the real penelty to death is the long cutscenes you are forced to watch, with little variety. It's often unclear what you're supposed to do. Death doesn't really have any purpose, since you can just reload your game. And if you choose to play with a sense of permenent death in the game, you'll be dissapointed to find yourself fall into exactly the same linear scenario again and again without much variety. The people who move into your apartments are varied, but the game doesn't really give you much incentive to report them, and keeps throwing impossible dollar signs at you. I feel like there's a ""Right way"" to play this game, which is constantly blackmail your tenants, but it's just not clear enough, and the execution is chunky and weird.The dialogue is the same every time you play, and once you have a conversation with everyone in your apartment, they don't ever say anything new, except your family which is just one price tag after another.Sometimes you'll be tasked with doing things very quickly, which the game punishes you for unfairly by requiring a ton of money, or a ton of reputation points.The game is just not fair. It requires multiple playthroughs in order to know what order of events things are going to happen, but the playthroughs feel repetitive. I never beat the game, and I don't think I ever will. I got stuck on a save file which gives me only 7 hours to do something, I try to do it in those 7 hours, but the police take so long to get to my house, that I lose before the time is up. I don't feel like starting over, because I started over twice already, and was presented with no variety in story, leading each playthrough to feel more and more stale, usually ending because of a random time crunch, or a ridiculous amount of money I need to pay in a ridiculously short amount of time."
76561198061557225,Not Recommended,475550,28240578,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,dalton133ism,"Do not expect to get a refund if the game breaks, which is likely to happen like with me. Crash City, baby."
76561198231693296,Not Recommended,475550,27838126,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Crazyman,when i played it was white screen
76561198043475471,Recommended,475550,28634099,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,DrAcula,:)
,Recommended,475550,31095887,Posted: 12 April,all,xKA30x,it good
,Not Recommended,475550,34680009,Posted: 2 September,all,Gadzooks,"Id love to play itUnfortunately, 2 seconds after clicking ""Play"" the game forces my computer to instantly hard crash and reboot"
76561198052004291,Not Recommended,475550,26708896,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,WashinMachine,"The idea of the game is brilliant one. However, I cannot say the same thing for the quality put into it.Technically, the loading screens are crashing with each one out of four time they have to improve that.Storywise, this games makes you think that you have free will up to some extent but there are dead ends. I think a higher level of branching decisions should be added.Autosave is not what I want can I get a save and quit option.This game even though cool in idea, needs a lot of improvement. But I think they have valuable baseline that they can develop."
76561198062564987,Recommended,475550,28619470,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,XY,Great game to play.
76561198202181167,Recommended,475550,30210970,Posted: 26 February,all,terror inc,f
76561198069964150,Recommended,475550,31665469,Posted: 10 May,all,jeffsong,"很意外的好游戏，比papers, please好玩很多。有人说这游戏太残酷压抑，其实现实比这个更加绝望！你依然可以肆无忌惮的私藏违禁物品，而且永远不担心别人会举报你；你去扒别人家，邻居们竟然把你当空气；你竟然可以通过一个前移民官员搞合法移民，这在1984小说里（或者现实中某些国家）更本不可想象。总之这游戏好玩还是在于第一次玩时的困难选择 ，以及遇到的形形色色的角色， 以及后续探索如何打出更好的结果。我第一次玩时唯独儿子最后没死，最后还去了北朝鲜(North Borea, yes)。"
,Recommended,475550,26674411,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Click,">Start Game>Play Tutorial>Placed Cameras - seems too easy>Call the Ministry for the task>Task received: Spy on Manishek>Too easy I say! Enter room Search belongings, place camera.>Got 48 hrs to finish quest.>48 hours of waiting, Manishek never showed up>Suddenly a cutscene>Game Over11/10 would wait like a dumbf*** again."
,Not Recommended,475550,29260971,Posted: 14 January,all,Ragnar Hairy-Trousers,"Bit boring tbh, and a confusing interface.  Tried it for a while, gave up.  Everyone asking you to do things for them but the only reward is a number in the corner goes up."
76561198142597487,Not Recommended,475550,34597558,Posted: 29 August,all,carmennge23,"An interesting premise for a game, more involved and complex than Papers, Please but extremely depressing to play. Hated everything I was asked to do and the consequences of my actions.There are also numerous errors in the branching path prompts. Some of them do not match the actions that have been taken. Such sloppy errors should be fixed because they can be quite annoying."
,Not Recommended,475550,34671440,Posted: 1 September,all,Fort Mark,"Too many mundane task to complete, not for me."
,Not Recommended,475550,34607350,Posted: 30 August,all,TUFOM,"PositiveNice graphics and ""atmosphere""Dystopia settingIdea of spying your neighboursNegativeVery linear gameplay. Couple different outcomes does not make a strategy game at least for me.I get to the fun part placing cameras in neighbours aparments. Wait what... I can only place cameras in predefined locations and there are not so many points to place them.I imagined placing all sorts of spying devices in various locations.Apartmen building feels small. Instead of ticking timer for sense of urgency apartment building could have been so big that you have you hands full on spying your neighbours.Feels very much like a mobile game. Comparison to Fallout shelter is perfect now that I think back.Overal gameplay feels shallow, artifically stressfull and not fun at all.So gameplay... gameplay... Point and click, read text, point and click, read text, guess which black guy has the right info, read more text, point and click, read more text and as bonus you get to click every furniture and report what you 	neighbours own in very tedious fashion. If this wasn't boring enough, go and search for your daughters missing doll from your own aparment because what was the point of the game again... Dealing with family stuff felt so out of place in this game. And oh god the ticking timer, my guess its there to make sense of urgenfy for you not to realize how simple game actually is or is it there just to make you hurry and miss the only little fun in the game: spy your neighbours.Conclusion: Point and click adventure with light strategy elements.Refunded even though on sale. Just not my type of game.. I guess.Sorry for so harsh review but I really loved the idea but disliked the execution."
76561198143816906,Not Recommended,475550,28968978,Posted: 2 January,all,cynthia_merry,I'm playing on Mac OS 10.10.5. The game is super laggy!! It was really hard to control the person/give commands as well..Definitely not worth buying!!
76561198198599231,Not Recommended,475550,32305131,Posted: 9 June,all,Buizel,The game that somehow makes Dead Rising's time limits seem easy.
,Not Recommended,475550,28594280,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Microsoft Excel,"Boring, repetitive, bad controls"
,Recommended,475550,33024754,Posted: 29 June,all,BabySilk,Nice game
76561198044960251,Not Recommended,475550,27642625,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,lucian_baciu,"great graphics, interesting idea, REALLY BAD IMPLEMENTATION. I wouldn't recommend this game as it is impossible to come to an acceptable outcome. You will find yourself trying again and again to get the right sequence of events and the right resolution for each of them, which is close to impossible.If you don't care about what happens to your family or tenants it's probably easier, but if you want to stay at least a bit morally correct, this game becomes close to impossible to play and frustrating. I don't recommend it, it feels like a waste of money at this point."
,Not Recommended,475550,26635965,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Demon,"Have been craving a new game with  an ant farm feel to it for a while this game did not deliver.  From reading other reviews and finding the half hour I played very unfullfilling I'm glad I refunded this one.  It's not something that I would say don't get it if it interestes you but just know that unless you're willing to really sink huge amounts of time to replay just to finish rather than replay because you're enjoying yourself then maybe it's for you.It's all spying, no building I thought the building spy area's would fullfill my want but it did not it's pretty much just camera's and because of the repair equipment I imagine you fix some things eventually. But it is mostly a peeping tom black mail people fighting for their freedom type of game.Even though it might have some idealogical similarities to Papers, Please! it did not give me the same type of experience."
,Recommended,475550,28587805,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,11：11,too cruel to mecuz i actually live in socialist country
76561198010886415,Recommended,475550,26717355,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Necabo,"It ends too fast, endless mode please!"
,Not Recommended,475550,30602509,Posted: 18 March,all,Death Grips for Kids,"not worth getting at full price, but it's probs only so expensive cos of the extensive voice work in it. feels similar to This War of Mine but not as good as it overall. still it was a fun one run."
76561198036802919,Not Recommended,475550,28089691,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Chicken Loco,"Do you enjoy looking in your neighbor’s window, only to find out that they are perpetually trying to kill themselves with a gun they keep in a dresser in their sitting room? Do you enjoy totalitarian dystopian dismay, where the only light in your bleak existence is finding a pros-ti-tute for your doctor tenant (who ends up thinking she’s too much of a lush)? Do you like having a sick kid that costs more than you make in 32 years to save? Or a son who hates your guts, but still wants all your money?Then this game is for you.For me, I tried to like it, but they don’t make it easy. I can handle bleak. However, there has to be more to back it up with, like story, or stuff to do. Once you get cameras in all the rooms, there isn’t much else to do except figure out what your wife wants next, and how to get it for her. Sometimes you go back, and don’t sell the fish this time because last time you got shot in the face over it, and then you are punished for 32 days by not being able to finish a quest for another tenant. I don’t know. The demo seems more like a complete game than the game. Buy at your own risk."
76561198000357199,Not Recommended,475550,34866225,Posted: 10 September,all,Tzeentch (PL),2h ingame so far and its simply boring
76561198008498908,Not Recommended,475550,26713828,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,crushingbush,"Tedious, not fun"
76561197993598851,Not Recommended,475550,31356941,Posted: 25 April,all,Effekt,"Game is broken, cant click on anything, tried using controller and that doesnt even work at all. I can talk to people and go into my menu etc. When trying to click on the desk for the cameras i hover over the desk and i have a magnefying class as a cursor, when i click the desk it turns into a mouse pointer and nothing happens. The telephone does nothing either, cant even click it a t all. Ive tried loading a new game, resetting my PC, uninstalling then reinstalling my game. Nothing works"
76561198273388748,Not Recommended,475550,28758616,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,星露谷物语的木匠,只能说丧心病狂！ 老子为了这个家啊，残害了一又 一个的房客，只为了让自己的女儿活下去，让自己的儿子能上得起大学。 可是再怎么努力也没能逃过命运。那一笔巨款压得我喘不过气来。送走一个有一个所谓的犯罪者，我的良心备受煎熬。女儿说自己胸中出现了一个太阳。是多么让人揪心。儿子闷闷不乐不得不放弃自己的理想去做一名矿工，让人唏嘘。让人无奈。捶胸顿足。这个游戏我给差评，全是负能量。我真的是不想让中国小伙伴再受毒害！！！！
,Not Recommended,475550,34727398,Posted: 3 September,all,dlsrb0412,"If you are worried about buying a game in this studio, you need to know about the controversy over the sudden official specification of this studio.Those games that you are worried about making a reservation purchase may also apply. The specifications of the game officially stated until they were released a few hours ago were not developed even after 3 months. This will continue to change the game specifications officially announced several hours before release, without notice, and in the community forum, ""Sorry, we are still in development.""The DLC specification states that it will support Korean translation when launching a new DLC for 'beholder' in the studio. He also said that the main game will be supported when DLC is released.However, a few hours before the release of DLC, Korean support was no longer present in the specification without any notice. After that, they answered that they are developing Hangul translating support to support with DLC release, and 3 months after launch, they have commented unofficially on the community forum that the translation of main game has been completed.It's amazing."
,Not Recommended,475550,26531912,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ZombieMesh,"An interesting concept, but is unfair and underwhelming. After the first few missions, you run out of things to actively do. At one points, a certain item becomes illegal to posses, but when I see my tenant doing an action with that item, it isnt marked as a crime to discover. In fact, I discovered no crimes. No one did anything wrong. I had tenants move out right as the items they had became illegal. There's a few points in the game where it asks you for an outragous amount of money, and no matter how hard I try I can never meet any of those goals. The game then penalizes you for not reaching those goals.Yes, an Orwellian game is going to be unfair and harsh, but it shouldnt be mechanically unfair. If you play Paper's Please a few different ways, you might struggle, but you can still meet objectives.The game lacks content, I'd hardly call it a full release."
,Recommended,475550,28600656,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Neko-Nomikon,Soviet Russia simulator.
,Not Recommended,475550,32524549,Posted: 17 June,all,Vinilly,Every tenant got caught reading books when they were banned and I got arrested for not having any tenants.Hour of waste of time.
76561198116870409,Not Recommended,475550,33039426,Posted: 30 June,all,WhiskeyBadger,I'm barely 30 minutes in and already the game has crashed twice. It won't let me move and i can't bring up the tabs on the right side of the screen. The game itself is enjoyable but its so that it makes it unplayable
,Recommended,475550,32377385,Posted: 12 June,all,ROCKET MAN,eat my poop
,Not Recommended,475550,28337598,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Oggster,Tries to do something new but fails at it. Becomes repetetive and boring fast...
,Not Recommended,475550,32779395,Posted: 25 June,all,Sirber,"Nice concept, but plaged by the Ministry of Technical Issues"
76561197970756092,Not Recommended,475550,35460768,Posted: 3 October,all,"Lambert, Lambert - What a prick.",WAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay too hectic. Game has zero chill and desperately needed a freeplay mode at least without all the family quests.
,Recommended,475550,35461243,Posted: 3 October,all,HJam,"Pretty nice and unique game, makes you really feel the game."
76561198031075741,Not Recommended,475550,34651115,Posted: 31 August,all,inGe,"I don't like ""games"" where kids die. This was a showstopper to me, regarding the rest, it's harsh, stressful, cruel, you need to play several saves to know which decision to make to avoid losing. It was fun for a cuple of hours, then it became a race to save the kid to the point I asked myself ""why the heck I am playing this?"". Instant quit. If you enjoy people suffer, this is for you, otherwise, save your money."
76561198101463704,Not Recommended,475550,31073634,Posted: 11 April,all,GhostTom,Boring game with simply clicking and timing.The game's art degree is high with a good terrified mood when playing but the game itself is not that fantansic.
76561198065052460,Not Recommended,475550,31035757,Posted: 9 April,all,arkanoob,"I expected I'll like the game, but I simply didn't. Also the controls are terrible.I'd ask for a refund but I bought it a month before trying it at all. So I can't."
76561198035366155,Not Recommended,475550,34562717,Posted: 28 August,all,ScorpionWasp,"Has game breaking bugs (negative events don't trigger as long as you don't talk to certain characters), balance is completely off (the amount of money you need to raise if you DO talk to people is ludicrous), hidden shifting goalposts that result in cheap last minute gameovers...It's almost a free lesson in bad game design practices."
76561198286380078,Not Recommended,475550,34569056,Posted: 28 August,all,jojojay.martin,constantly crashing
,Not Recommended,475550,31335749,Posted: 24 April,all,Angel Clark,"I tried to play this game for almost an hour. The first tutorial quest just doesn't finish. You're supposed to ""watch"" a guy, and he never comes home. I followed every directive, and he just never showed up through 4 playthroughs. Well done developers..."
,Recommended,475550,31275131,Posted: 21 April,all,[GoG] † Empyrean λ,"★★★☆☆ 3-5 StarsThe game was good, about 5 hours in length for 10 dollars is not bad. Pretty good in-fact! This title would have definitely been a 5 star choice simply because of the amount of freedom given when playing. I loved the choices.However, I would recommend putting on anti-politics glasses before you play...Yes...I get it...complaining about politics in a game about propaganda and politics...yada yada. This gameHASthe ability to be a 5 star game, but in my opinion has definitely lost it.Put simply, i'm burnt out on RL politics, and having repitiously""sly""or'""under the table""comments about how oppressed women are, and how even the trading card of the ""woman"" talks about how a man made her so sad and downtrodden! How the game mechanics ask me to pay towards women's suffrage and""Get us out of the kitchen you white males!""in the game is unnecessary and rediculous!"
,Not Recommended,475550,28570444,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,There Goes Irma,The game had many errors while playing and made the experience unfun.
,Not Recommended,475550,35295147,Posted: 29 September,all,[sWe]Sysshad,"Fun idea, but poor design.if you screw up with one mission it gets to hard to continue.Also if you restart the game, the first mission gets bugged.Simply not worth it..."
76561198213294904,Not Recommended,475550,26644028,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,freestar1107,"terrible quest design, which is the core of this kind of game...."
,Not Recommended,475550,33255954,Posted: 4 July,all,TheOneTrueChurch,"This is an art game. At first, I thought that maybe they took something that seemed serious and tried to make a crazy open-world communist game with it, but no, this game is about the story and not the gameplay."
76561198160611785,Not Recommended,475550,34569827,Posted: 28 August,all,Dr_XField,"This game is  depressing and misleading. Get it if youre into sitting in your room hunched in achair stressed because half your family is dying and you have a killer in the apartments. Its not as great as the screenshots hsow in my opinion. Itw orth a try for people who like single player (dystopian)  games, but for me it just aint something i want to invest my time into. ( barely any replay value either. Just many endings) It doesnt even give you the choice to really make your own choices, you just get shot by someone."
76561198367832095,Not Recommended,475550,31347435,Posted: 24 April,all,Killrassassin21,"tThe first day i had played thsi game , it worked fine but it wont leave preparing to launch game beholder"
76561198050078805,Recommended,475550,26508577,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,[SyAF] 4rianus,Are you want to know how the common Russian citizen outside of major cities lives in these days?Play this game.10/10
76561198004066778,Not Recommended,475550,26520863,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Blade,ive not played too much but from what i have its hard not as engageing [story wise] as this war of mine in witch i felt so bad when i killed or lost some 1 this just feels like pressure the whole time with the govement threatening you and giving you deadlines or prison !the art style is kinda cool !all in all not too bad but with so many positive reveiws i had too say no as i was expecting a great game from all the feedback given so far !
76561198261920893,Recommended,475550,26509153,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,CadMaverick,No Man's Spy !
76561198156705332,Not Recommended,475550,26557652,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Chris.Z.Catholicism,"JUST EAT♥♥♥♥♥♥, WHAT THE DAMN OPTIMIZE"
76561197986642259,Not Recommended,475550,26553050,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Simon Templar,By the very far THE WORST game ever created. EVER. That includes the future. I hated it. Really Hated. Its boring and the neighbor only comes home after you fail the mission. I tried all options its level one. I just hate it.
76561198054994268,Not Recommended,475550,33002397,Posted: 29 June,all,Taco-meat Johnson,I didn't enjoy this as much as I thought I would.
,Not Recommended,475550,26554801,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,vodolaz095,"I do not recommend this game - it is simulator of treacher and snitch, something that i personally dislike.At one moment it makes player make very hard choise:On one moment of plot, main character requires 30.000 $ to heal his daughter and 15.000 $ to help his son not be expelled from universaty (and, in future, son can become criminal and be killed).And, the only way to get this money is to frame and betray tenants of the house, including friendly ones who tried to help player's character. And, it looks impossible to help both children - somebody have to be sacrificed.According to my Faith, God alwayes gives possibility to be happy and have goals completed without being a jerk (but it can be realy hard, and not all goals are worse struggling for it), and this game forces character either die or do terrible things."
,Recommended,475550,26510570,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Damsacu,"An awesome game, for those who like sneaky games, perfect game to spend some hours to chill. This game is all about spyness, just learn the beggining of the game that you'll be understanding the entire game.I think this game has some hard missions, but I'm not sure if they are even possible to complete. But at least you can progress with the game without making some of that missions.Evaluation: 7/10"
76561198178503585,Recommended,475550,30855476,Posted: 31 March,all,noaharich,"Although short, Beholder captures the era quite well. It reminds me of papers please. Where it differs though is decision making, there are tons of unique endings an unexpeted plot areas to explore. Money will be very frustrating at times and it can prove a real challenge to keep your family alive. I think the game overall captures the era by showing the true fear as well as corruption of yourself and other officials. It requires some quick thinking, the characters are unique and all have different backstories. Sometimes you will be controling the apartment of a top government figure or a librarian. Your tennants are important and have trategic importance to the story. The major draw back for me is the length of the game as well as consequences, the game feels very short and if dedicated could be completed in an afternoon (4.5 hours roughly) there is some replayabilty to find the other endings. The biggest problem i have is the consequence of your decisions are not very severe, you can do things that seem almost at the level of treason but with a small monetary fine. It is difficult to handle but this gam can be very fun and challenging at the same time, i did not even mention the wonderful artwork as well as the dark soundtrack whic fits the game quite well. this game for me is a solid 7.5/10"
76561198019495031,Not Recommended,475550,26511833,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Runny Egg,"this is a very unusual and cool game but I find it a bit too challenging at first. You have to contend with a pretty tough countdown clock to do ""tasks"" or it is game over and you also have to worry about spying on people and making sure your kids aren't bringing illegal substances into your house. You're often subject to random searches and if they find something it's game over. I would have liked a much more gentle learning progression and with less going on. 3440x1440 support would have been cool and it seems that there is no talking in the game - just muffled voices. The music is great however."
76561197994830695,Recommended,475550,29363334,Posted: 19 January,all,Admiral Doughnuts,"I was saving up money for my daughter's treatment, but then she died so instead I sent my son to North Borea and he hated it.Theft is bad unless you've just accepted a new quest then you steal till you get caught, load the autosave, and steal 1 less thing.Don't forget to tell the Ministry about residents' improvements in their tennis game."
,Recommended,475550,28742650,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Za-Kid mIss U,"Every choices have its own consequences. This game is hard but also interestingVery intense, and motional.You will have the feeling of a man tries to help his family, the one who is the main fiancial supporter in the family.It's a good game, but it also hard; It can create stress."
76561198089003877,Recommended,475550,28752037,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Kappa 123 hellcase.com,"Just perfect. If you liked this war of mine, 60 seconds or fallout shelter this game is just for you."
76561198028016586,Recommended,475550,30027454,Posted: 18 February,all,djokky,"I love this game.  It's a relaxing casual game, where your choices matter and have meaning.  The game forces you to choose between two bad choices or two good choices and that whatever you do impacts future character interactions.  Do you save your Daughter's life or save your Son from a life in the mines?  Do you believe what the Rebels are ""truthing"" or believe your Government's propaganda?The only can is that there is no proper pause button which can be annoying if you need to quickly go make some coffee.I wouldn't advise buying this game on full price, but definitely a MUST BUY if on sale."
76561198069289414,Recommended,475550,30102257,Posted: 22 February,all,ragingpiano,i like it
76561198346303008,Recommended,475550,30124480,Posted: 23 February,all,Ratafia,A little bit tough. I haven't even saved my daughter once...I think I felt what the subject felt.
,Recommended,475550,30101123,Posted: 22 February,all,undefinedz,like the producers' team!XD
,Recommended,475550,30094868,Posted: 22 February,all,Jim Wizard™,"My daughter died, so I had my wife arrested for $200. Worth it."
,Recommended,475550,30095185,Posted: 22 February,all,Boneless Laundry Basket,"A good looking game, didnt get to play it because I have a MacBook Air. It says it supports it but there's a lot of lag. This game looks fun and it has very... different gameplay than any other game I've seen. :)"
,Recommended,475550,30108013,Posted: 22 February,all,Wickfield,Amazing game. I wish I'd see more games like Beholder.
76561198051024901,Recommended,475550,27868299,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Anatidae,"In a totalitarian regime you're a state-installed landlord, put in place to spy on your tenants, make sure they toe the party line. As you move into the apartment-building you watch your predecessor get dragged away, beaten and bloodied, off to an uncertain fate. If it wasn't clear before, that hammers it home: It's a chopping block of a job, but it's the only way to give your family a decent life. And isn't that the main thing?I enjoyed playing the game but make no mistake, it's bleak. You go in trying to find a balance between your family, your job and, maybe, basic decency. And it won't be long before something has to give.You'll have a series of tenants who stay the same in every playthrough; they aren't randomly generated. They all come with their own plotlines, most of which can be resolved in several different ways so you can puzzle your way through them and find out where they might interlock. The downside here is that the first part of the game will quickly become repetitive if you keep starting over - and chances are you'll die and/or get arrested fairly regularly. However, the game uses an autosave system that keeps three or four savepoints so you won't have to start over all the way just because you said the wrong thing and got yourself stabbed by a tenant.So far I did two full playthroughs and a few attempts where I played myself into a corner and felt a full do-over would be better. After a little break from it (see above) I'll definitely give it another shot so see how the moral dilemmas play out if I choose the other option."
76561198010820818,Recommended,475550,30096445,Posted: 22 February,all,Mastadans,"It's a nice tiny game but it's screaming for a sandbox mode which atm, Devs don't want to implement. I advise to buy it on disccount unless sandbox pops up.7/10"
,Recommended,475550,28725607,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ZerUniverse,It's a hard game without guide. Try to blackmail everyone as many times as you can.
,Recommended,475550,30180751,Posted: 25 February,all,Nightflux,This is a great game with alot of replayability!
,Recommended,475550,30159228,Posted: 24 February,all,Roboapple,"Great game, you can get pretty into it and lose track of time"
,Recommended,475550,30155857,Posted: 24 February,all,Zeratul,"Just started playing but I'm absolutely hooked, The scent of commie spitzling... brings back memories of my parents.Will write a full review once I finish the game."
,Recommended,475550,30140528,Posted: 24 February,all,VirginRedemption,"I only played 3 hours but I can already say that I love the game. The idea is so clever. I felt really unconfortable the first time I had to denounce someone. It was even harder when people were innoncents. It's interesting to choose your priorities and do bad or good things according to them. You can play the game of being the bad guy but when you want to stay a good one, the dilemma can be unbearable.The only negative point is the localization. I played at first in English and found a lot of typos and then, switched in French which is my main languages and it was worse. Some sentences are barely understandable in French. In English it can be a ""they"" instead of a ""she"". May I suggest you to redo the localization? If you don't have budget for it, perhaps you could give the opportunity to the players to help through the Steam Workshop? We did that with our game and it went very well. Cheers."
76561198019550271,Not Recommended,475550,30112717,Posted: 22 February,all,obstructor,"Interesting idea.  Seems to be less of a game, more of a story the developers are forcing you to do.Also would probably be better with a save function, I know its so your actions have some finality, with how the game thrusts you directly into the action it would be nice to experiment a little bit. (Or be able to leave at any time)Also pro tip:  Completly ignore your family or they will die and take all your money.Was going to return it, decided $5 wasn't worth it.We'll see.  I might finish it and discover that its amazing, who knows."
,Recommended,475550,30241067,Posted: 28 February,all,Kiwi Spy,"VERY good game. Mechanics are bizarre but exciting. Design is beautifully simple. I enjoyed playing this sad, difficult, dark game. In many ways it's like the second Holocaust. It was very fun to be in this ""dystopian"" future. I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who needs inspiration on what to buy. BUY IT! Also a really fast computer is not necessary."
,Recommended,475550,30235801,Posted: 27 February,all,FOMA_I,"Хорошая, интересная игра"
76561198310649971,Recommended,475550,30966163,Posted: 5 April,all,Goose,"What a great game!Negative comment for Mandarin Chinese dubbing although Beholder is a good game.Chinese people need other Chinese languages dubbing,NOTMandarin Chinese."
,Recommended,475550,33022200,Posted: 29 June,all,BetterThanChrisKyle,At first the game made no sense but after the developer explained it to me i decided to give it another chance and this is now one of my most faviroute games. The characters are great and so is the story i'm really enjoying this game i HIGHLY reccomened this game
,Recommended,475550,34620039,Posted: 30 August,all,tnuc,"great ♥♥♥♥ing game, 10/10"
,Recommended,475550,35508193,Posted: 5 October,all,XinGst,"Wow, I just finished a game, both vanilla and DLC 'Blissful sleep'. They're all really good.At first I thought it's a casual game only about spying your neighbor and report them, but no it not just like that.You can make some choice which affect story, so each time you play it can go differently.Story are quite dark and drama which I like it.I almost skip this game because some review that complain about so many 'mini quest' that make you have less time spying.After I got to play it myself, I've learned that the game is other way around. It's all about doing those 'mini quest' which will tailoryour story, and spying is a side thing you need to do to help get the job done.I recommend this game if you like reading story, it like playing Telltale game. If you just looking for casual spying game then skip it, it would be too boring if you don't care about reading story.If you like this game I would recommend getting 'Blissful sleep' DLC as well. It like playing a whole new Beholder game."
,Recommended,475550,35504976,Posted: 5 October,all,SugarmanC,It's very hard for me to survive under such pressure. I couldn't survive for a week when i first played this game. Our Karl is so simple mind that he only expects money to support his family. How you can cure your daughter and pay for Patrick whatever he wants at the same time is the biggest obstecle in this game. I have to be a bad guy to rip off everyone for my family. I am not a saint. This game is too cruel to force me to choose betweeen my family and innocent people. That's how dictatorship works. Nobody gives a ♥♥♥♥ about trust. Everyone is for themselves. Big Brother! You can go ♥♥♥♥ yourself!
