user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198009156462,Recommended,476530,25713581,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Ces,">Unlock ability to design custom modules.>Open up nuclear reactor, realize I actually have to understand how to buld a nuclear reactor.>Huh.>Poke around in railguns and coil guns instead.>Decide coilgun is just a poor man's railgun.>Click sliders until I notice I'm getting 60 km/s on my coilgun.>Whut.>Adjust more, begin smiling as speed climbs past 170 km/s.>Adjust more, swap materials, discover I can squeeze 16 Mm/s out of my coilguns. (Using aluminum coils of all things.)>Stick coilgun of doom on tiny ship, name it the cheesepuff.>Proceed to destroy ships 5 times my cost and mass from a completely different orbit.10/10 would learn physics/materials science again."
76561198070325426,Recommended,476530,25704740,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Bigglesworth the Defiler,"So I bought this game after having observed the development thereof for some time, and I must say that it is worth every penny.  So in the objective of providing an acurate and easy to read review: the pro-con chart.Pros:-Realistic weapons physics-Realistic orbital dynamics-Realistic fuel consumption-Realisim-You can customize almost everything regarding your ship design-Yes, even nuclear weapon designs-No sound in space other than structural sounds in combat-Nukes create blinding flashes of light-Oh, did I mention building custom nukes?-And by the way, there are nukes in the gameCons:-Poor missile AI-No multiplayer-Occasional Bugs-It might be confusing if you do not have a working knoweledge of nuclear engineering, laser design, orbital dynamics, thermodynamics, and space warship construction."
,Not Recommended,476530,25676735,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,r4m0n,"THIS GAME ISN'T FOR EVERYBODY, and it really could have used a few weeks on Early Access to round off the edges.First and foremost: I'm mostly liking the game so far, and I'll probably change this to a recommendation in the future, but as of the writing of this, the game has only 15 positive reviews and no negative ones, so I'll put an warning here before people think this is something it's not and we get a flood of bad reviews.Some general points:Graphics - Rendering realistic space battles isn't an excuse to not at least try to make it pretty. Sorry, but this game really needs a bit love from a 3D artist. I see your normal maps stored in JPG, and if any 3D artist see this they'll try to hang you. This game screams programmer graphics everywhere, and while I'm a programmer myself, this isn't excusable on a $25 title.Interface - Generally quite well done and useable, but could use some more work on the finer points of orbital maneuvers, like being able to move the execution point of the maneuver to change the timing, and splitting fleets of drones/missiles after launch.Sound - Pretty good sound effects and music in general, bit repetitive theme on the menu, but it works overall.Setting - The story and science of the game is the reason you should be getting it, it's pretty well done and a lot of research went into making this game, and it shows.So far I've played up to the 5th campaign mission, and enjoyed the first 4 quite a bit... On the 5th though, you are introduced to missiles, and they just aren't ready for release yet. The main problem is that the terminal guidance (and really, the guidance in general) can't get the job done and even if the target has had its rocket disabled, the missiles can't get a solid hit on the target ship, and much less anywhere near any priority target you set, which makes you being able to finish the mission totally random.Overall, if you like Rocketry, has a general sense of how orbital mechanics works and like realistic simulations, this game is for you, but you might want to wait a bit and see if the rough edges are polished down first. If you can't get a rocket built and on orbit in KSP, you're probably better off passing this one."
,Recommended,476530,25656656,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,The Inventor,"EDIT: It's been a while, so find my longer-term review down below this!-=ORIGINAL REVIEW=-So after logging about an hour of the game, this is what I gotta say so far...PROS:- Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's about time that the gaming market has gotten a game like this. Hard sci-fi fans have been denied a game that they can seriously dig their number-crunching teeth into for YEARS.- Controlling your ships is very easy and convenient.- Combat is really fun to watch, and really does highlight all the reasons why practical and realistic space combat is really cool.- I love the worldbuilding and story that is in this game. I really appreciate that the game also comes with an area where I can simply read over who the different factions are, and what the system's history entails.- SANDBOX MODE, YEAAAAHHHH!!! SUCK IT, MWO! THIS GAME ACTUALLY HAS A SANDBOX MODE.- The soundtrack~ Aw yis, this is a very good soundtrack. Not too in-your-face to be distracting, but also active enough to not be boring. The various synths are constructed really well, and are generally very satisfying to listen to. The drums are a very interesting choice, given the theme of the game, but any alternative I would have picked would have been way too aggressive or electronic, and thus distract the player.- The sound design is really excellent as well. Similar to the soundtrack, it sits between two extremes very nicely, giving that extra bit of feedback without being annoying. (Here, I'm looking at a few games in particular where the sound of your mouse going over a menu button is some super-obnoxious beep that never seems to stop haunting you. This game doesn't have that; it won't haunt you in your sleep.)- SpeakING OF SOUND DESIGN: NO SOUND IS SPACE, CAN I GET A HELL YES??- Can I also mention that the actual GAMEPLAY is really unique as well? It kinda works as an real-time and turn-based hybrid, giving you time to think when you need it, but still remaining within a constantly-moving universe.- Orbital mechanics: yes. Just yes. No botchy estimations. We actually get full physical simulations of orbits, with all the fun traits it brings. We even get to choose our frame of reference, which is really nice.- I have yet to find a bug in the game.- Tutorial is included and very clear, thank the galaxy.CONS:- I'm really used to the mouse rotating in another direction when I drag it a certain way. It would be really nice to have an option where we can invert certain dragging directions.- I feel like this is a game that a lot of Hollywood fans are gonna attack because they don't understand what it's actually trying to accomplish here. I'm trying to spread news of this game as far and wide as I can to all the hard sci-fi nerds I know, because this game deserves to have an awesome fanbase.I may post another review as I get more hours into this, because I invariably will.-=UPDATE REVIEW=-Hi! Me again!Now that I've logged a few more hours into this, and have been around long enough to see a few released updates, I will add the following:I had the following con of ""I'm really used to the mouse rotating in another direction when I drag it a certain way. It would be really nice to have an option where we can invert certain dragging directions.""Well, the developer did see this really early, and added an option for this! Now I have no real personal cons against this game!Also: UPDATES! Yes, this game is still being actively updated to squash bugs, improve gameplay, and make optimizations!I've also gotten to the ship customization point of the campaign, as well as module customization, and WOAH.Boys, Girls, and Non-Binaries, if you enjoy tinkering the ever-loving♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your creations, DOWN TO THE LENSE OF A LASER, then this is definitely the game for you!Still amazing! Would still recommend! 11/10!"
,Recommended,476530,25722335,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Cane McKeyton,"For lovers of hard science fiction this is pretty much the dream game. Heat radiators, nuclear thermal rockets, lasers, real n-body physics, and orbital mechanics, it’s all here. Star Wars style space battles, you won’t find that here. This is all about matching orbits, flinging missiles at targets hundreds of kilometers away and drilling away at your target’s armor with concentrated laser and rail gun fire. The campaign is challenging enough but the ship and component editor is a whole ‘nother story. Making your own ship components is, to put it lightly, INSANE! The amount of parameters you can modify is mind boggling. Just trying to make a custom laser weapon I have to chose a lasing medium, what material to make the mirrors out of, what are those mirror’s dimensions, what will the freaking coolant pumps be made out of and what fluid will they be pumping and how fast!  I feel like I need several advanced engineering degrees to wrap my head around all this, which is cool, but overwhelming! I like that it gives you these insane custom tinkering options but unless you know what you’re doing it’s best to just stick with the stock parts to build your ships. I really can’t think of any other game out there that takes hard science fiction this seriously. Probably Kerbal Space Program is the closest thing to this but that’s really not a helpful comparison."
76561197965447908,Not Recommended,476530,25759528,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,rlg007,"I like the fact that someone is trying to make a game that is science based and not just eye candy. I wouldnt call the game ""early access"", it is 100% playable and I found zero bugs in the few hours I have played, BUT the game is still a little rough around the edges.Here are a few thoughts (based on only a few hours play and only on the first few missions) :- Nothing like KSP. You can build your own ships and adjust orbits, but that is where the similarities end. I do not want anyone to read this review thinking that this is KSP with nukes and lasers. [EDIT: This is more like the old game Harpoon or Command: Modern Air Naval Operations] This game is about battlefield decisions. Having played KSP first, I found lining up orbits and intersecting kinda easy (at least in the first few missions), but each mission is decided in a battle at a single intersecption or fly-by. You have either are entering a battle that uses your strengths or not. You dont have have the resources to try another orbit or ""attack"" again because you wont have the delta-v or undamaged systems to even bother trying another pass.- Since each mission is determined by a single encounter, things go bad in battle fast. This is fine, but the battles seem to play in real time only, no pausing and no time scaling. This makes the game hard to control and it is hard to try new things (and it is hard to see what is really going on). More importantly, IT IS HARD TO ENJOY BATTLES. Given the short nature of battles I think the graphics are fine, but the battles happen sooooo fast the player does not get a chance to look around. You cant say to yourself, ""I wonder what kind of damage happens if I concentrate all of my railguns on their engine"", because as the battle starts if you are just staring at the enemy ship, watching the light show, so many other decsions have to be made. How are my drones doing, how are my missles doing, should I launch more, how much damage am I taking, should I change the angle of my ship, how is my weapon range, is the enemy closing or moving away, how much ammo do I have left. Having two ships to baby sit makes it even harder to watch the damage to the enemy ship. All of this kills the enjoyment factor when the battles only play in real time. Maybe a battle replay would help too.- Above I mentioned that ""the battles seem to play in real time only"" because I am not really sure what all of the keys do. Other reviewers have mentioned this. There doesnt seem to be a list anywhere of the keyboard layout. I even did the old ""run your hands across the keyboard randomly"" just to figure out some of the keys. This is the year 2016, come on.- There is no quick save, or at least I cant find one (maybe it is hiding with the keyboard layout). Once you start a mission look at the orbits, make some burns, line up a perfect interscept, start battle, BAM ! Forgot to turn my ship to broadsides. START THE MISSION OVER FROM THE BEGININNG. Now the player has to rework the orbits and the timings, make the burns, interscept, start battle. Draw, no one won first pass. Neither side has fuel to try another pass. START THE MISSION OVER FROM THE BEGINNING. As the missions get harder, this is more of a pain. This makes it very hard if not impossible to try new things. Trying new things means starting the whole mission over. After a successful, hard mission, you dont feel like starting over just for the sake of trying something new, you just move on to the next mission.- I wish it had a campaign more like KSP's career mode, where money and what you accomplish really matter. You are just dropped into these crafted situations that dont really matter in the long run. There is no ""long run"", but I knew that going into this game, it is just wishful thinking. The author of this game does such a good job of thinking things through, maybe a grand strategy version of this game would be bleak. The strategy game probably revolve around fuel transports, fuel producion and depots. I think it would quickly end up like the BattleTech universe where the first few wars whipe out so much so fast, all of the warring sides would come together and agree not to attack some targets (jumpship yards in BattleTech)(and they agree not to ues weapons of mass destruction).This post is getting too long, I will come back later and edit after I have played more.Summary - interesting, science based space battle sim, not like KSP, graphics are fine (easily improved in future), needs a quick save, need to be able to change the rate of time in battles, UI could use some polish, needs a sandbox campaign of some sort.  Even though I gave it a negative review I think of this game as ""early access"" with improvements yet to come ... ( and I dont mind supporting games like these)P.S. Edit begins here -  After playing a few more hours , I have more thoughts : the more I stare at the orbits screen, the more I shake my head. I am currently on the ""Homecoming"" mission and it seems like a waste of time to make the player worry about complicated orbits and picking up some general (the mission is to return your ship to Mars, from a far away asteroid).I hate to even mention KSP, but I think KSP makes figuring out orbits so much easier. In comparison, KSP shows you how fast you are going and your orbital altitude, and CoaDE primarily uses your delta-V and an orbital picture. So in KSP you are staring at numbers and in CoaDE you are staring at an orbital picture.In CoaDE you adjust your orbit to the target, the intersect icon appears, you click 'intersect', BAM!, warning not enough delta-V remaining (or there is a warning that the mission's time limit is up). You say to yourself, ""Ok, my orbit path is wrong, I can't do that. Hmm what is really wrong with my orbit ?"" Because CoaDE doesnt use numbers (or any other hard information about your orbits) you dont know EXACTLY what to do adjust to make a perfect intercept. The only thing you have to work with is the orbital picture showing your path.Long story short, this leads to a lot of trial and error adjustments, pretty much making random adjustments (or series of adjustments).  You slowly learn how to make better paths, but the game does not teach you why that path is better. I looked for help on YouTube and found a playthrough of the mission I was having trouble with, and that guy was just making random adjustments, all the while talking to himself sort of saying 'ok I know what I need to do, how do I get the game to do it'. To make matters worse (or ""easier"") you can base your path on the orbit of your target. This displays your orbital path as a curly q line, which can make it easier to intersect an orbit, but it makes it harder to understand the consequences of your actions (your actions dont matter as long as the curly q line ends up where you want).P.P.S. Edit #2 - I feel my review has a few too many negative points so I wanted to add a few positive moments that have hapened in the game. I have played up to the 13th mission Vesta Overkill, but I have switched over to playing in sandbow mode, creating ships and modules (you can unlock the design aspect early if you find the right menu in the game). Most of my weapons revolve around nuclear bombs.There is something satisfying about designing and detonating a 3.25gt (3250 megaton) nuclear missle in the middle of an enemy fleet. I have also designed a cannon firing 4.4kt nuclear bombs that are about the size of Coke bottle (10cm x 40cm), at about 10 rounds a second. It seems like nuclear bombs will dominate the future too. I have spent most of my design efforts trying to guard against nuclear bombs, by upgrading stock ships so the AI has a chance."
,Recommended,476530,25714224,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,A Wizard,It's grain silos with rockets committing hyperspeed drive-bys with nukes and lasers.
,Recommended,476530,26620870,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,shennong,"tldr;This game is superb. I would recommend it without reservation to those who have the specific mental illness which places us in the intersection on the venn chart between the circles labelled ""Project Rho/Atomic Rockets Related PTSD"" and ""Slow Person Whom Nonetheless Enjoy Study Sims"".If you are intimidated by this game, don't be. I bought it fully expecting not to use it as much more than ""Jane's Space Fleet Command"" because I looked at the ship customisation screens and understood nothing. Now I spend all day thinking about how to defeat 1 gigawatt lasers, across 1000 km of inky blackness, at closure rates of 5-10 km/s. I never cared about material science before. But what if you could use material science... to vicariously experience getting realistically gibbed in space?? Suddenly: the rate at which a 1.5 cm thick zirconium copper whipple shield heats under a 30cm 1GW violet laser spot as it closes on that emitter is Compelling; the rate at which a ship full of micro-nuke depleted uranium explosively formed penetrator coilgun slugs can be spun by a nitrogen nuclear thermal rocket is Very Interesting.  Ship customisation will actually teach you things about, say, what kind of materials are good to make a barrel that resists deformation because you're firing a trashcan with a nuke in it at a target that you're passing at 5 km/s.There are a few values you will want to figure out that are not in the customisation displays. Some of these will probably be added, but for those that are not, I strongly recommend the $30 to get a old K&E Deci-lon on ebay as the Atomic Rocket Design Bureau Feels peripheral for this game. Pretend its Additively Manufactured and it's used because little cylinders of acid are stupid power sources and solar is a waste of valuable panel material and you're There, In The RFP DEsign Bureau!!!If you're at all interested in killing things in space, if you've played a little Kerbal and understand the basic rudiments of orbital mechanics, you will pick this up quickly. If you dont understand anything, play the campaign and it will teach you. I would prefer to teach someone orbital mechanics in this game anyway- the stock ships are reasonably forgiving and the simulation is n-body, which allows for phenomena like Lagrange points to be modelled, unlike KSP. I haven't played KSP in a while but the burn tool is less useful as well, IIRC. The ship simulation is insanely detailed and it's basically all cited in a decent ingame library from IEEE papers, so if you really care to figure out what formula the game is using for hypervelocity impacts or whatever, you can go look it up. The dev obviously has a lot of talent in this area.There are nonetheless a few things I would say merit further development. As of right now (1.07), many major outstanding issues have been fixed (ie, missile homing is much better and you can customise it to your heart's content- you just better have the rig to deal with a 1000 micromissile swarm with the best homing algorithms, if you decide to design a module like that). There are a few that are outstanding, and a few more obvious ""nice-to-haves"":-some obvious physics violations (eg. coilguns can put out projectiles at far higher powers than the power consumption they actually draw from your reactors/generators)-some obvious chemical violations (eg. storing water propellant in tanks made of lithium)-some possibly overpowered design choices (eg. lasers seem excessively good, I think detailing the laser module model with some more of the parameters that tend to stress lasers & turrets and introduce inaccuracy into their movements and operation would help)-some possibly underpowered design choices (eg. nose-mounted weapons are very vulnerable, as turrets, barrels, etc. cannot be ""layered"" with armor the same way the hull can be, and they cannot be enclosed in hull armor or mounted ""spinally""; conventional cannons seem to fare worse than IRL earthbound designs)-stock designs are notably underpowered vs trivial user modifications- eg stock laser skiffs, frigates go from somewhat ineffective CIWS craft (engagement ""bubble"" of 20 or 35 km respectively) to UNSTOPPABLE LASER GINSU SNIPERS (effective engagement range 250-500 km, burning out stock capships 150-250 km) with a couple of obvious design modifications (increase engagement range to max, open up aperture). Stock designs are not bad ideas, but need obvious flaws fixed (eg stock hiveship nosecone hides its nuke cannons, but the AI frequently exposes them, and the nuke magazines are at the poorly-armored wasp waist of the ship- if they cook off, the ship reliably splits in two). In other words-players don't have to get very deep into ship customisation to make the stock campaign trivial, ships are probably mostly OK but could use another optimisation pass to get them into the same scale of effectiveness as player designs.-intercept system is now pretty good but has some bugs (particularly: intercepting ships that plot burns close to the engagement range of AI ships will ""spawn"" at the point of closest approch, deadly for long-range setups; also weird ""shelving"" behaviour where closest approach is limited by some invisible linear boundary and then ""jumps"" to a different value as in-plane burns are made)-little continuity between tactical and strategic modes means gamey tactics are available. If I'm making an intercept with a fleet that has a civilian methane tanker, and i want to tank up en route, but split the tanker off and have him burn around the engagement range of the enemy and rendezvous on the egress orbit, the rate at which the fuel pump is designed to work SHOULD matter (it is modelled!!), but when I go ""Back"" from the tactical ""zone"" where I set up the refueling, it's insta-refueled in strategic mode- passage of time does  not matter. A similar thing is true with missile/drone fleets- it takes a LONG time to launch a lot of missiles or drones in a densely-packed fleet and see them off- you need to arrange your carriers to avoid collisions, clear the launchers one drone/missile at a time, make the necessary missile/drone burns to put them ahead of the main fleet, etc. Insta-launch on ""Back"", means I can design a stupid launcher that doesn't work at all, and it can launch 1000 missiles in a nanosecond as far as the intercept time is concerned.-no way to simulate Iserlohn. need liquids for armor and submersible turrets-no scenario design, although the sandbox is close-could use a bit more fleshing out of crew ops- would be nice to transfer crews from derelict ships/empty freighters, have crew modules with bulkheads (it's no longer a ""balloon under armor"" the opponent is trying to poke holes in). Probably out of scope but I would love to see some kind of skill/reaction time and morale status modelled. Definitely out of scope but I will mention it anyway in case a skilled modder reads this and agrees: boarding needs to be in, and crew modules need to be able to be equipped wtih firing port weapons to kill the EVA party.-might benefit from sensor/antenna modelling and more explicit targeting & comms modelling (think graviteam tactics), though I don't know if that's something people are genreally interested in-desperately cries out for workshop integration for designs-desperately cries out for multiplayerIn any case, the dev appears to be extremely talented, diligent, and legitimately interested in finding reasonable answers to the question ""what would space warfare 'really' look like under some assumptions"", and documenting the assumptions he's using. I expect most of the problems (probably aside from lack of MP- might be a big ask) to be fixed either by the dev or the community, as everything seems to be pretty open to modding, and even ""black box"" systems are available, if you'd like to add something that's not explicitly modelled in game.Worth every penny imo."
76561198027993975,Recommended,476530,32831423,Posted: 26 June,all,Cpt Wasea Azure,"Not sure if I can call it a game, it's a extremely scientific in depth space combat simulator/design program.Apart from very challenging combat scenarios this software will let you design every aspect of your spaceship like reactor, weapons, missile parts, drones, engines- literally every minor part can be design from scratch. Its overwhelming and incredibly accurate with tons of details.If you like Orbiter or Kerbal Space Program and if you are more scientific type you should definitely give this software a look."
,Recommended,476530,25660811,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,AlienPickle,"This game is everything I've been wanting in ""realistic"" space combat.  Imagine Kerbal but with non-fantasy weapons, and a pretty decent campaign of scenarios.  This game is NOT easy.  You'll have to get your head around real-world physics, because there is no flying by the seat of your pants.  Everything is a plotted intercept course, and the extremely limited amount of fuel the ships can carry means it's as much a puzzle game as anything.  It's all about timing and altering your orbit to put your ship in position to fire at the enemy.  Intersecting ellipses and last moment course correction burns.  Some ships are carriers for drones, so you use the carrier to line up the intercept and then let the drones burn their own fuel while you stay out of gun range yourself.This is all very plausible.  The closest I've ever seen this elsewhere is Ken Burnside's ""Attack Vector Tactical"" board game.  This is NOT Star Trek.  I sincerely hope the developers continue to expand on this game, keep making scenarios, and maybe figuring out how to get some multiplayer into the next iteration.  I'm going to be busy a long while with this."
76561198022237651,Recommended,476530,33172083,Posted: 3 July,all,heisenX,"Essentially a detailed simulation of near-future space warfare, disguised as a game"
76561198076369149,Recommended,476530,32584343,Posted: 19 June,all,NexusLink (RJA),"This game provides the most realistic handling of space combat that I have ever seen, and the ability to customize nearly every spec of the equipment that your ships use adds a whole new level to the game.  Also, the large amount of tactical depth in the game, and the many decisions of what choices to make in each design area make this a perfect game for those who love space, customizable designs, or inclusion of real science in games."
,Recommended,476530,25683842,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Saluki,"Well this was a nice surprise. It is astonishing that a fundamentally complex simulation has been made both usable and fun. Not without some rough edges and a bit of a learning curve but after a few hours the positives are clear:* Excellently-designed tutorial/progressive campaign that gradually unlocks new techniques at a fair and challenging pace.* Workable interface for orbital maneuvers, deliberately familiar for KSP vets.* Surprisingly good windowing interface, and honestly some good music and sound design too.* Servicable graphics. No frills but good enough!* Deep, realistic simulation with lots and lots of fascinating source material.* Well-written, believable future history setting.* Plausible and thought-out approach to the tactics of real spacewar that springs naturally out of the simulation. One example among many: too few nuclear missles in a flight can be picked off one by one, so you need to send a bunch at once -- but too many at once and they detonate each other before they can all do damage. Stuff like this is just mainline spaceporn and you gotta love that he not only thought this through but designed a game mechanic out of it.The author's commitment to a realistic hard-science space-fightin' simulator just has to be rewarded. The fact that it's fun to play as well is almost too much. It's a brilliant marriage of simulation and gameplay. Must buy!"
,Recommended,476530,26116092,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Sammi79,"A near future space warfare hard science sandbox like no other.Very ambitious indie project that had you told me about in the concept stage, I would have laughed at you. You can't make nuclear reactor physics/design/construction, rocket physics/design/construction, laser and projectile physics/design/construction, complex materials and nuclear physics, orbital mechanics using a newtonian n-body simulation, and warfare based only on known and proven tecnologies accessible to a gamer! ...well maybe the warfare bit...BZZt wrongThe best thing? Qswitched only went and pulled it off.There are of course some very necessary simplifications, in order to be viable on a home computer as opposed to the particle collision detection number crunchers at CERN, in order to let anyone with zero prior experience start to learn, and enough to eventually build the confidence to design these things, from scratch. Be prepared to have Wikipedia on permanent standby, and be prepared to learn about such bizzare sounding properties of elements and compounds such as 'Young's Modulus' and 'Thermoelectric Sensitivity' all carefully simulated using real world scientific data.Points:1. This game isn't for everyone, and I very much doubt there will be another game quite like it ever again. There is absolutely no 'hand wavium' and battles are normally unreasonably intense and over in seconds, before the first pass.2. The fluff is at a minimum, yet a fairly well written background of dark political intrigue sets the scene well.3. Single player only, designing your own ships and weapons then duking it out in the sandbox or maxing out the campaign scenario challenges are where it's at.4. The controls are simple and abstracted, in combat you give generalised orders rather than direct control.5. The UI is clean and sparse, the graphics are serviceable, if not spectacular. The music is very nice.6. The sound effects... are very few and far between, this is space what did you expect? But yeah you do get to hear the superstructure groaning under fire, and a rather chilling crew compartment decompression amongst other choice auditory moments.12.375 / 10 would crank my turbine up past the yield strength again."
76561198001583571,Recommended,476530,25662040,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,flatdarkmars,"If you like hard science fiction, KSP, Orbiter, the Atomic Rockets website, the Attack Vector: Tactical boardgame, and/or John J. Lumpkin's Human Reach novels, then you need to just stop reading and buy this game already.The orbital mechanics are more realistic than KSP, with multi-body influence allowing perturbations and La Grange points.  The tactical combat is less sophisticated than Attack Vector: Tactical; no using projectiles for movement constraint, and no in-depth ""heat clock""-type thermal management.  It would be nice to have more convenient pre-programmed orders, like ""maintain a certain range from target"".  But still, if you want a hard sci fi space combat computer game, where the ships at least have radiators and reaction mass and plausible weapons, this game is literally your only choice at the moment, so I'm not going to complain too much about the little things."
76561198002099020,Recommended,476530,25657021,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,tac.aeon,"Loaded up game. Drooled at hard science ship designs. Wanted to unlock modules so I could design my own.First mission. Hand held by the tutorial, managed to successfully refuel stranded ship and headed back to port. Awesome.Second mission. Beat up on small capship in Ganymede orbit, with Jupiter messing with the orbits slightly. Battle! Yay, glorious plumes of red-hot methan exhaust and my radiators glowing in thermodynamic glory! Wrecked enemy in brutal fashion for betterment of free peoples of Solar System, orange-hot impact holes all over the capitalist swine's hull.Third mission. Requires orbital inclination change. No problemo, used to this from Orbiter. Inclination change successful! ...except, now I'm in a retrograde orbit. Launch all my drones to scrap the ship in a glorious single pass, my orbital plus his equals instant kinetic weapon death, right? Except... the enemy just flies past and my drone squadron is now out of fuel, drifting like morons. I just got outmaneuvered by a target that wasn't even trying to run...10/10 would deplete all propellant and get schooled by the hard facts again"
,Recommended,476530,28682007,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Bomber_Harris,"It's like Angry Birds if you got to design the birds and slingshot, except the mininmum requirements at being decent at Angry Birds is having a 1st grade sense of what gravity and an arc is, and here you need an understanding on the pros and cons of various types of nuclear reactors and their fuels, physics in general and orbital mechanics in particular, while keeping in mind various weapon systems and their ranges relative to your opponents weapons systems and careful management of delta-v.Otherwise, it's basically the same game."
,Recommended,476530,28852621,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ClerkOfDerp,"If you think you'd enjoy designing a coilgun down to the gauge of the wires and watching it in action against an enemy fleet, or a nuclear reactor down to the diameter, material, and speed of the turbopump, this game is for you. While it does come with a lot of relevant and cited information in the ""Infolinks"" section, from the perspective of someone who has played a fair amount of KSP, you'll probably need extra help from the forums on things like which materials to use, the pros/cons of different types of weapons and vessels, module design, and out of plane transfers."
,Recommended,476530,25718605,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,AmnesiacJack,"Like KSP?Wish you could be a nuclear missile launching drone platform waging war around the moons of Saturn while biting your nails as the last of your fuel goes up in fumes?Well here you go.There are better reviews than this one on the game, go read them."
,Recommended,476530,25738253,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Balto the Wolf Dog[Pvt Pilot],"Spent the hour and a half between 3:00 AM and 4:30 researching and desperately trying to understand the forces at work in a tadpole orbit in a skype call with friends. 10/10 rate my profes-- steam. A great 200 level game to KSP's 101, brought to you by N-body makes everything so much harder.I've found it rather fun too, but beware it's every bit as complicated as it looks. You will learn things, and it's not as accessible as KSP. I'd definately reccomend it if you're an enthusiast and / or a KSP veteran in search of a KSP RTS."
76561198036562911,Recommended,476530,25721903,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,youarethemusic,"Bravo!I've sank several hours into this game despite what steam may have on record.Rarely do I purchase a full price game, but I feel like this one is well deserving of my money.This is definitely not ""space fantasy,"" which is what I would now classify every other space game I have played. Yes, this redefines the genre of space strategy if you ask me.Heed the warnings, and if physics and engineering concepts are not your bag, don't buy this and then give it a poor review because it's not what you expected. It has always annoyed me when movies and games show visible laser beams and big noisy explosions in the vacuum of space, etc. This game gets all those details right.People complain about the simple graphics, but dude: real space craft are not glamorous. The graphics very accurately depict the simplicity and form of a vehicle designed for space combat. Read the background information that is included with each mission and you should fully understand that. Actually, I would be irritated if the graphics were made more complex or ""fantasy-like"" to cater to the mainstream."
,Recommended,476530,25663523,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,PorkJustice,"OH MY GOD...  I didn't realise I needed this until I saw it. If you ever wanted to play Attack Vector: Tactical but without the need for the friends that you can't get to play with you, then this is the game for you. I'm only on the 4th mission and I already feel like I have a decent grasp of how to play. BUY THIS and enjoy :)"
76561198040181379,Recommended,476530,31362484,Posted: 25 April,all,BigBombR,"I really recommend this game for anyone wondering what realistic space combat would look like. Build your own warship (out of self made modules like propellant tanks, nucleair thermal engines, fission reactors, cannons, railguns, coiguns, launchers and more) and take it into battle. If you want to thinker with your own modules and spaceships without slogging through the campain (which reads like the plot of Dr. Strangelove on steroids), you can instantly unlock module andship creation by goin to 'infolinks' and then 'unlocking content and mods'.Every update adds new things that keep the meta fresh and add more depth and fidelity."
,Recommended,476530,25818770,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Tuna-Fish,"I bought this game a week ago. 100+ Hours played. Send help.Most simulation-style games straddle the line between beign a game and being a simulation. This one dives headfirst into being a simulation -- the core of the game are physics-based simulations determining the stats of the components, which you then put together to build ships, which are again simulated very accurately. It's precisely the precision and complexity of the simulation that makes it so engaging. I have probably spent more time optimizing a nuclear missile, slowly shaving mass off, increasing yield and improving thrust-to-mass, than I have spent playing most games I've bought.If the thought of designing realistic killer spaceships seems interesting, this is a game for you."
76561198008053127,Recommended,476530,25675672,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,dennis.danilov,"AfterKerbal Space Program, I thought myself quite accustomed to hard science. I was in for a hypervelocity slug to the face.Children of a Dead Earthis an attempt by Zane Mankowski (aliasQSwitched) to determine what realistic space combat would look like by creating a number of subsystem models based on real-life publicly available engineering data, and then handing them to a bunch of playtesters. The final version comes with a range of premade systems and ships, of course, but the ability to build everything to your specification is a key selling point. If you know what “q-switched” is, it’s a good start, but you’re still going to run into a whole mass of hard science, as you fine-tune chemical and nuclear rockets, cannons, railguns, coilguns, lasers and even good old shrapnel warheads.The other key selling point is the hard sci-fi space combat. The game uses N-body simulation of orbital mechanics – thus you’re looking at some counterintuitive maneuvering in order to just get into combat – and is largely set in the asteroid belt and the gas giants’ moons, hence disabling stationkeeping and allowing your trajectory to be perturbed alone can be used to foul up your enemy’s fancy plans. Your maneuvering is limited by Δv budgets. Combat occurs at high relative velocities; contact can be very brief; distances are still quite large – hence the battles are quite hectic.Beware that this game is likely to ruin all of the soft sci-fi for you, permanently. If you’re a fan ofAtomic Rocketssite, this game is mandatory; if you’re a fan ofStar Wars, there will be no coming back from the Hard Side.The game uses a quasi-turn-based system for strategic maneuvering – with steps from one hour to several days that are quite necessary for skipping through uneventful orbiting. Once anything happens, the game snaps to attention. In Inspection Mode – where the most you see is your drones being released – or if a hostile force makes contact with yours the game reverts to real time, and doesn’t let you to take turn-style steps until the fireworks happen.I dare say the game is not particularly user-friendly, forgoing ease of control and decluttering in favour of giving maximum under-the-hood control. Wanna plate your spacecraft into 10 m of solid gold? Sure, but you’re going to have to skim through 20 lines of physical qualities of gold to conclusively find out why it sucks as armour. You can also use that gold for gun barrels, and virtually anything else; just don’t expect any good results outside,maybe, coilguns. Wanna take your drones into battle? Be sure to watch their fuel levels, lest they will burn out of it. Ships have all too few control options.And there is no ability to pause other than at the initiation of contact.The game may be released, but in reality it's a bit of an alpha: the dev keeps pushing major updates, such as drop tanks and ""extruded"" turrets."
,Recommended,476530,29349200,Posted: 18 January,all,DarkwarriorJ,"Pros:- Amazingly in depth simulation, from N-body orbital mechanics.- Incredible time designing a module and then testing to see if it does what you want it to do in your overarching battle doctrine.- Realistic environment leads to knowledge which may, in fact, be applicable to the real world. I advise militaries, should they be engaged in space combat, to attempt the reverse orbital direction and slam into the enemy retrograde maneuver (burn out to increase your apogee until you get an eliptical orbit, then at apogee reverse direction for minimal delta-v expense and let your spacecraft fall down in a retrograde orbit right at the enemy's, and release missiles, if both combatants are in orbit).- AI vs AI simulations allow for quick and easy testing of the effectiveness of various designs.- New game, much potential to improve and expand.- Destroying things with the power of SCIENCE! Well, admittedly, mostly tinkering, but SCIENCE!- High moddability.Cons:-Controls can be clunky and can be strongly improved.-Module/Ship no-delete relations are also clunky and can be strongly improved.-Missile targetting in the strategic map is very clunky and desperately needs a fire and forget lock on mode.-Multiple physics errors - none absolutely crippling, but all in need of fixing. Errors include:1. Obscene rail/coilgun efficiencies in excess of 100%. Not actually crippling the integrity of the simulation because: Despite this, they are still second-rate weapons compared to the glory that is missilespam and laser lase.2. Laser damage model is unrealistic and makes lasers considerably weaker than they should be. Not a massive issue because: Despite this, lasers are still an incredibly dominant weapon.3. I am not sure, but I believe the resistojet thrust power exceeding input power should not be possible, since that too implies more energy out than in. Also, being able to pump gigawatts through 10cm MPDs seems a bit fishy.4. Pocket implosion nukes are a tad suspect, but we do have incredibly small suitcase nukes IRL so maybe not.-Campaign is an excuse to have people fighting in space. If you actually care about having a very in depth storyline, or worse yet, if you care about being a heroic good guy, wait a year or two and then get community campaign mods. Personally, I find the story interesting and immersive, but some will strongly dislike it.-Targetting and AI can be improved. Maybe let the players build their own AI and targetting rules?Requests - All of these are if possible:- Lock on and forget strategic targetting please. Not just for missiles - allowing capship fleets to do that to enemy capship fleets would be nice too.-QSwitching/Pulsing for lasers, along with less arbitrary laser ranges.-Solar system-wide open sandbox world map. Something like KSP's system wide map.-4x style cycling between units/fleets which do not have any orders or whose orders have been interrupted beyond the AI's ability to fix, along with a ""needs commanding"" box. Mostly if the second item is implemented, allowing for grand strategy on a solar system scale to happen.-User-programmable AI. Call it battle/fleet doctrine.-Player-programmable targetting rules for guns.-Calculation slowdown without framerate slowdown, sorta like Eve's slow down server in gigantic battle system, so to make for a better lag experience and to allow for nice video recordings.-Built in video replay system. The calculations are already done - save the results and allow a replay to replay the battle in a smoother fashion, if at all possible."
,Recommended,476530,34471083,Posted: 24 August,all,emollick,"I have been waiting for a hard science fiction combat game for a decade, and, suddenly, here it is - and it is excellent! Imagine Kerbel but entirely outside the atmosphere, less cutesy and focused on combat and you have a good idea of what is happening in this game.This is not Star Wars or Eve  - combat happens at astronomical ranges, between cyclindrical (because it is the most efficient shape) ships bristling with radiators and armed with realistic weapons.  Much of your time will be plotting orbits, deciding when to launch drones and missles, and strategizing about how to deal with incoming attacks as the weapons fly towards you over the course of in-game hours.  The attention to detail is astonishing - heating effects, radiation, many forms of realistic armor and even the effective spectra of different laser types are modelled.  The single-player campaign  is also compelling and tightly writtten (even if some of the orbit-changing missions are more challenging, and less interesting) than the combat missions.The UI is clear and really well done, even when dealing with complicated issues.  Even though it isn't flashy, there is still a bit of an arcade-ish thrill to watching a missle swarm close on an enemy carrier, and crossing your fingers that your weapons have enough delta-v to avoid the incoming counter fire.  An impressive achievement."
76561198150461221,Recommended,476530,32827593,Posted: 26 June,all,Thegamer211,cool
,Recommended,476530,25791082,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Acatalepsy,"Do you like atomic rockets, the website? (If you don't know what I'm talking about, look here:http://www.projectrho.com/public_html/rocket/index.php). Do you like to imagine realistic space combat? Do you wonder what it would be like if we fought a battle over unimaginable distances? Do you like to optimize and tinker, imagine how you can combine systems to defeat your enemies?If any of these things are true, you can buy this and not regret it.Yeah, it's a little rough around the edges. The AI is weak, and it's not hard to break parts of the system if you really want to. It's short, and the campaign is just kind of a bunch of set pieces. This is largely a one man production, and it shows.That said...it's still worth it, at least for me."
76561198087356505,Recommended,476530,32839376,Posted: 26 June,all,Tranx,"Very fun game game that allows you to test different scenarios and tactics. It  emphasizes established technology which we would most likely see implemented in the time period this game is set in, not to mention strict adherence to orbital mechanics and fuel consumption that is central to planning how to engage your adversary."
,Recommended,476530,25660902,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Ivorystate,"Currently only played through the first 5 missions, but I can tell it's everything I wanted from it. Scratches my itch for a hard-sci-fi space combat simulator, with highly detailed space flight physics model. Think Kerbal Space Program but in a more turn based setting, except for when you enter combat where it turns into a more tactical combat game, with all the intricacies of what near-future space combat would actually be like.Weapons are sufficiently varied including lasers, cannons, railguns, missiles, drones, and nukes. The complicated damage model on the spacecrafts' armor and systems makes up for the fact that you don't have much control of individual ships during combat(one of the few shortcomings, but understandable) due to the beautiful way combat looks with tracer rounds bouncing all around your target and each individual damage mark being displayed.The fact that there is no sound in space also adds to the atmosphere, with the only sounds being heard are essentially what the crew would hear, with the groans of the structure stressing from repeated impacts and decompression of the crew module by a puncture.The reading material between missions provides some moderately interesting backstory on the world and factions and the basics of space navigation.I would reccomend it if you are at all interested in advanced space flight and combat mechanics and don't mind the kind of high price point."
,Recommended,476530,25660389,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,{RISE}Mittens²™,"This game is the answer to my dreams. I've always wanted a game that accurately recreates the idea of space combat with as much effort put into it as possible to be scientifically accurate. Even though it might look a little rough the game itself has a very simple and easy UI that any player can come to understand. If you have experience in Kerbal Space Program you'll be set. The part that might lose a lot of people is the hard science engineering when it comes to ship design. Fear not because the game has an extremely good tutorial for just about everything you need to know, and it lets you reread it at any given point in-game. Even mental midgets like myself can come to grasp orbital mechanics. Everything in the game is as accurate as it can possibly get from the science perspective which is why it definitely deserves the price tag it has on the store page. The skeleton of the game is what makes it so valuable. It's not a simple flight sim or dogfighting sim, it's a full strategic simulator where you have to take everything into account. It's a valuable learning experience for those who eat this kind of stuff up and a must have. Even in the default ship design you can see effort put into even the smallest of details.TL:DR if we elect Donald Trump our earth may die but with enough time and practice in this game you'll be prepared for the space war"
,Recommended,476530,25761993,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,muji111,"This is probably the first true hard-science-fiction videogame.It's a terrible game but it's great sci-fi.Also, the difficulty curve is atrocious. You'll get some missions first try and others will take hours. There's almost no pattern. Don't buy it for the gameplay."
76561198007233908,Recommended,476530,27742008,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,吾輩は猫である!,"Children of a Dead Earth is quite possibly the most intruiging title of this decade.Scientifically accurate space combat: This is the first time a game of this genre has ever been published to my knowledge.Very good.Absolutely superior to any space game so far published.Even better thanStar Trek 25th anniversary, despite the fact it has planetary landings, klingons and mysterious storylines.This genre of gaming really has got its freedom fighter inChildren of a Dead Earthbest regards."
76561198290104867,Recommended,476530,25825986,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,francisdrakex,"For those who have read the ""Rocketpunk Manifesto Blog"" or like to visit the ""Atomic Rockets"" page, this game is for you!Now is the time to verify the battles of the Spherical Warcows! Laserships fight against missle frigates, in the Solar system, with Newtonian orbital dynamics.Graphically the game is barebone. Most of it is played on a strategy screen, turnbased with adjustable timesteps, using warfighting symbols (circle, rectangle, triangle, etc.). You are green, the enemy is red. Space is 3D, so the screen can be rotated with the mouse in all directions. Scenarios include out-of-plane fights or reverse orbits, making mission planning really challenging. The ships (which can be modified once you have gained some experience) are mainly cylindrical, with glowing heat radiators along their sides to shed the excess heat of reactors and engines.Close encounters of missiles and vessels are displayed by an action camera. They are bright and fast, full of gleaming missiles, colorfull tracers, glowing  and splattering of vessel armour when hit.The game features a campaign of 18 missons (incl. 3 tutorials) and a 'sandbox' where stock ships or own designs can fight  against each other, either in deep space or around planets. Your role is that of an Admiral, giving orders to a group of ships, not a single ship's Captain.Enough said. If you ever imagined how realistic deep space warfare may look like, this game is for you. And it is the only computer game - to my knowledge - that covers this niche topic."
,Recommended,476530,26051843,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,buschwacker,"Ever wonder how actual space combat will play out? If not, then this game may not be for you. If so, however, there's nothing else like Children of a Dead Earth now available. The developer (just one guy) has built a simulation that obsessively plugs in the hard scientific minutiae of orbital mechanics, nuclear weapons yields, laser outputs, and more to allow the player to design weapons and ships that would actually be effective in a hypothetical space battle.There are no sacrifices made for any ""cool factor"" - indeed, the spartan graphics and interface can detract from the user experience. But focusing on these shortcomings misses why Children of a Dead Earth is so singularly unique. The beauty and value of this game emerge from its fidelity to the hard limits of technology and spaceflight. It shows the player what a space warship would look like, how it would fight, and why alternative designs would succeed or not. The gameplay is an emergent experience. I enthusiastically recommend Children of a Dead Earth."
76561198038557266,Recommended,476530,25792627,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,flatman,"this is a hard game to recommendI can honestly say i love this game. endlessly optimisable and appeals to the engineer in me.want to build a railgun that shoots nukes at 100km/s+? done!want to build a spacecraft that contains 20000+ missiles? done!want to laugh as you bury your foes under a deluge of said missiles? done! lag spike aside.but... unless you've either logged a ton of hours on ksp (as in 1000+), studied engineering or just love trial and error... think twice, perhaps watch some video reviews.Edit.whoooo combat pausing!!!!!i've been wanting this for ages"
,Recommended,476530,25878777,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,BLDoom,"A wonderful and surprising game.That is if you like physicis, large equations, orbital maneuvers, rocket science, and, of course, blowing spaceships up in spectacular fashion.You don't have to know the physics or the math behind the game; it just helps. It is a realistic material science and orbital simulator first, game second. Everything in the game is a proven technology. Armor, weapons, engines, reactors...everything you need for a spaceship meant for war in the near future (within 200 years.) You will not see fusion or anti-matter reactors here; no phasers or turbolasers. Just regular cannons, railguns, the similar coilguns, lasers, missiles, and yes, drones.Now, there is a story, which is rather good considering what it is, and it develops as you play through the 18 missions. You  will be unable to design your own ships and weapons at first but will unlock them during the campaign. There is also a sandbox mode where you can set up whatever fleets you wish and battle. I have spent many hours just testing out my creations.The graphics are...okay, again, for what it is. The the damage model is where it shines. Each shell, piece of shrapnel, and even pieces of other ships are all accounted for by the physics engine. Some high veolocity rounds pass right through ships, not even phased...other, slower and heavier rounds punch their target, transfering kinetic energy. Lasers melt through armor and nuclear warheads flash vaporize whipple shields and overheat radiators. It is all very detailed.There are some bugs which are being fixed and some weapon types have some exploits that make them, well, over powered. It is rather basic (menus, victory conditions) and I do hope it will continue to grow and develop.I was wary of the price but after playing it, I think it is indeed fair. You're getting the most accurate simulation of what a theoretical near future space war would be like and how warships would combat each other."
,Recommended,476530,28959629,Posted: 2 January,all,Fishchisel,"This game is brilliant.The orbital simulation allows ships to be affected by more than one body at a time, so Lagrange points exist, and orbits around the moons are peturbed by the parent body. If the looseness of the patched conics approximation in Kerbal Space Program frustrates you, you'll enjoy Children of a Dead Earth.The developer has obviously given a lot of thought to how future space combat might actually work, and the result is very plausible. It's the best attempt I've experienced in visual media, I particularly like how delta-v budgets limit and dictate maneuvers, particularly when launching missiles and drones - attacking a target in a very different orbit is hard, particularly if the orbit is inclined."
,Recommended,476530,25678996,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Ace of Pengwins,"Woah, i hadn't heard anything about this until I saw a post on the KSP subreddit earlier today. The concept has definitely been on my ""I wish there was a game like this"" list though. Although the initial learning curve is perhaps not perfect (it does gradually introduce concepts and it wasn't hard for me to pick up - but if you haven't played KSP or otherwise gotten a feel for the basics of orbital dynamics it could be a bit rough) and the maneuver nodes are not as intuitive as KSP (although there are handy ways to auto calculate stuff like intercepts - just be warned they work best if you're already most of the way there.)It definitely feels more like a simulator/toy/puzzle than a ""game"" per se (like, decisions were clearly not made from the perspective of encouraging a fun gameplay loop but rather to fit with what makes sense for the subject.) So I can definitely see it not appealing to everyone - even people who like KSP. But IF you've been interested in the idea of realistic space combat/read hard SF/etc, then it's definitely worth getting it. And if you've played KSP much the orbital mechanics are definitely easy to grasp even though it's using full n-body physics and not patched conics.It did crash once on me at the end of a mission (but only once in the course of two hours, so i'm not too bothered.)If you're the kind of person who is interested in this, and you should definitely know if you are, then I can say that i was not disappointed - and i haven't even gotten to the sandboxy bits yet, I'm just working my way through the campaign missions."
76561198073277199,Recommended,476530,26721216,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Benzene,"The most fascinating and addictive game I have ever played. The science is about as accurate as you can get without your own physics books and expensive calculator, yet it all operates on sliders that you can tweak through an incredible range, with helpful warnings that appear when what you are doing becomes untenable as a working model.You can edit everything, and build whatever ships you like and pit them against one another across all manner of bodies across the solar system.The best simulated physics toy you could ever buy for $28 CAD"
,Recommended,476530,34722355,Posted: 3 September,all,OneEyedJack,"This game made 99% of Science Fiction unwatchable.And destroyed my friendships as I wouldn't shut up about how Hand Solar and Chewietoabackky would likely just be obliterated for trying to pull those hokey manuevers without first switching to a lower orbit to achieve escape velocity and burn out the remaining DeltaV of the bogey.Game needs multiplayer, and a sequel.This game also made FTL casual to me."
76561198002544704,Recommended,476530,25673197,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Tard Vader,"This game is niche but unique in many ways. It's a well thought-out realistic space combat simulator with no glaring conceptual flaws to point at. As expected of a realistic game, it feels much more like a naval tactical sim with orbital mechanics, than an air combat/dogfighting sim. The combat is variative enough, although lack of planetary bases/bombing/defence and AI (which is limited to encounters) hurt the tactical potential of the game a bit. But I'm only ~6 hours into the game so I guess it might change later. The game can be somewhat hard to learn for people unfamiliar with orbital mechanics, despite of having the tutorial. Assuming you understand the basics, the interface is clear/friendly enough.I can definitely recommend this to any hard sci-fi fans or those who want a military tactical combat game."
76561197995715111,Recommended,476530,25834110,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,CarpetRacer,Braingasm. This is the thinking mans sci fi warfighter.
,Recommended,476530,33286540,Posted: 5 July,all,Wikia,I just spent 90 hours refining ship designs.
,Recommended,476530,25813894,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,FrozenHydra,"As of this review, its midnight for me.and i just got the game today,with 10 hours on it...i think its time i sleep.wonderful game, i love the idea,ill give you a warning though, the learning curve is anything but a curve, more like a steep drop.other than that i can say its very good."
,Recommended,476530,25704783,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Beast Slayer,"This is the love child of Kerbal Space Program FTL and the Feespace series. It is currently a bit rough on the edges, with missiles needing some work and the difficulty curve in learning the mechanics and some of the missions is less of a curve and more of a wall. However, it is undeniably a blast to play, suprisingly, with a story as deep as the mechanics, and an undercurrent of cynical humor at the expense of your glorious faction.In the end, You can take up your fancy admiral hat of the RFP and brutaly murder the somewhat evil USTA for the glory of your faction! What more could you want?"
76561198079528586,Recommended,476530,26492772,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Dman1791,"This game is great for anyone who likes hard sci-fi. Every detail, from a fuel tank to rocket nozzles to orbits, is correct, except one. You're able to make things out of improbably materials. For example- You can make a turbopump out of lithium, that pumps fluorine, which would crash and burn in real life. However, aside from that, it's perfect. There was just a patch that fixed misile tracking, making that problem disappear. Though, beware if you want KSP with guns- It's much mor ein depth.Overall, it's a tough but addicting game- I could play this for days straight and not get bored!"
76561198216300467,Recommended,476530,34073715,Posted: 6 August,all,calibayzone,"This is NOTHING like the ""space battle"" games we know so well. It's a brain-heavy strategy game where you design, design, design everything from the trajectory to the spaceship's weapons to which enemy systems you target; as you can pause the game mid-battle there is no reflex-testing component. Those ""frickin laser beams"" are actually bullets with pyrotechnic tracers, in-game lasers have no visible beams."
76561198052254672,Recommended,476530,34951293,Posted: 14 September,all,Swkoll,Amazing one of a kind modern space combat sim. Endless fun with the sandbox and designing realistic space ships.
76561197964120751,Recommended,476530,26010185,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Hyperlynx,"It's OK. I think I like it, on the balance, because there's nothing else like it except perhaps Kerbal Space Program.What's a bit disappointing is that it's basically a series of set puzzles, rather than a cohesive game. Each level is a battle or rendezvous with a vessel or whatever, and each feels totally isolated and out of context from anything else. This is reinforced by the fact that each level has a high score and a gold/silver/bronze medal for how well you solved the puzzle. It all feels a bit contrived.But a lot of that is just my expectations and hopes upon hearing ""it's a space strategy game but with orbital mechanics"" compared with what the game sets out to do. I was hoping for traditional RTS or 4X elements where I'm gathering resources, building fleets, and sending them off myself to other areas of the solar system to fight my enemies.So why the thumbs up for all the whining? Because what the game actually is it does pretty well. It's realistic space combat.I must point out that it's very niche. If you're an avid Kerbal Space Program player then this game is for you. If you're not interested in learning orbital mechanics hands-on then you won't get anything out of it, so don't bother."
,Recommended,476530,29012212,Posted: 4 January,all,MUERA INTELECTUALIDAD TRAIDORA,"We're not getting a better space combat simulator than this. I never thought I'd see this, much less done by one single man. It's a glorious game; but more importantly, it's a glorious platform that, I believe, will be at GOAT level once Steam Workshop is implemented.Seriously,buy it."
,Recommended,476530,25675735,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,aZkat,"Really this tremendous game is the digital cousin of Attack Vector: Tactical ! or vice versa.If you love AV:T, KSP, High Frontier, classic BattleFleet Mars, The Human Reach novels,or you are one of faithful Atomic Rockets guys, buy it now. Trust me."
,Recommended,476530,26107801,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Admiral Obvious,"One of the better space combat sims out there. This being the only ""true"" simulator out there that I know of. This game has taught me more about rocket science, nuclear science, and balistic science than I was taught in school.If you are aware of KSP, and it's war mod, but want to build everything yourself, from scratch, this is the game for you.Be warned though, unlike other games where you can simply strap stuff together, and just go. This game is many magnitudes more complicated than them, especially once you unlock the ship and module editors.I think it is totally worth the standard price tag, and even more so at any potential sales price.Be aware though, the game does have some unstability issues here and there, granted they're being fixed, and i've only ever crashed in the module editor, not anything important like the campaigns."
76561197971006717,Recommended,476530,26355893,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Mrbribon31,"It's one of the best games I ever had, of course there are a few bad things, but mostly it has everything I love from a space science game, it's one of the most accurate space game I have ever seen. Don't let my 20 hours fool you, I have more than 80 hours playing offline. If you like everything said in the description of the game, buy it."
,Recommended,476530,30311426,Posted: 4 March,all,tedach,"Yeah, this ""game"" is the real deal. True-to-life physics give a sweet representation of what combat at orbital speeds would be like. Love it."
76561198021263984,Recommended,476530,26170143,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Xenophon13,"If you've ever wondered what a space battle would really be like, this is the way to find out. It's insanely detailed, and models almost everything imaginable, from armor spallation to the emission spectra of dozens of elements.But the reason I recommend the game is that in the end, it's really fun. I've spent hours teaking nuclear reactor designs, building ridiculously powerful cannons, and trying out different armor schemes. Then I watch my beautiful fleet of spaceships get torn apart by a technocolor storm of kinetic slugs, and return to the drawing board once again. This cycle gives the game an amazing amount of replay value.For what it's worth, the story mode is pretty fun too. It's really more along the line of a series of puzzle challenges, but they are well designed and do a good job of teaching one about orbital mechanics and showcasing the game's amazing capabilities."
76561198050817672,Recommended,476530,32120768,Posted: 1 June,all,GurlPower,"So I have nothing but positive thigs to say about this simulation. If you like scientific accuracy and spaceships, buy this immidieatly. Children of a Dead Earth proves that realistic space warefare is more awaseome than any science fiction. EVERYTHING is customizable, and not only will you learn space tactics, but also many practical sciences such as materials, rocketry, chemical, and nuclear sciences influence how weapons and warships perform. 10/10, why haven't you already bought this?"
,Recommended,476530,25796092,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,internetzspacezshipz,"So this game... Released a week ago yet, and yet I already have 36 hours or something in it. This is probably one of my new favorite games.Basically, if you like KSP, but wanted realistic orbital physics and space combat, this game is what you are looking for. Also, you can make your own modules once you get about halfway through the campaign (I've not even bothered to complete the game yet, since I have been having so much fun just messing around with module and ship-making. I mean, look at this stupid thing I made:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gGCIsY9ycrkI literally made a ship that drops drones that shoot guns out of their guns that shoot the enemy...The only problem is there are some wonky things, like being able to make ultra-velocity coilguns/railguns that launch mininukes of doom, and stuff like that.PS. when you first unlock module creation, prepare to be in a world of ""WTF do I do???"".Edit on Jan 25th, 2017: After playing this game for a while (nearly 100 hours), I think that it needs some sort of multiplayer. The AI is alright, but it can be awfully dumb. I think it would also be cool to fight other player's designs, instead of always infighting with your own designs and the stock ones.Edit: The turbo coilguns/railgunns were fixed (they used to have over 100% efficiency), and a stuff is always being updated. I assume another update will come sometime, probably October."
,Recommended,476530,33944287,Posted: 1 August,all,Agarwaen,"Amazing AMAZING game. Very in depth detail of futuristic space combat using realistic physics. Detailed background story, interesting plot, customizable (very) ships, realistic combat. What more could someone wish for in a game?"
76561198072988356,Recommended,476530,33166521,Posted: 2 July,all,Catnapper,"In order to better contextualize the mechanics in place, the game comes with a fairly extensive pile of additional reading for anyone interested. Some of this additional reading has citations to scientific papers.No, seriously. If you want a game where every part of the ship has college-level algebra behind it, this is it. The game is a collection of scientifically accurate mechanics, so it's probably the most correct vision of space warfare ever. If you want that, this is it."
,Recommended,476530,25940946,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Bearded McGee,"It's good. It's hard. The bare minimum of handholding at the start in a few missions then you have to figure it out. Excluding outside help, most people will not be able to fully understand and appreciate the amount of work and love that went into making CoaDE what it is.I enjoy the orbital mechanics for their own sake. The combat is grueling and straight laced. Fights aren't determined by quick thinking but with long term planning. You can't twitch-skill your way out of a bad encounter, At that point, you've already lost. No, you have to plan it so that situation doesn't happen in the first place. THAT is how you win a fight.I also really enjoyed reading the dev's blog. It shows how 'hard' he is trying to make the science in the game. Commendable and a welcomed change in what most people would call 'space games' now.If you've played KSP and liked it for the challenge, I definitely recommend CoaDE.I liken to think of this game as the lovechild of a flying submarine and a very enthusiastic lance-touting and fully armored 13th century knight."
,Recommended,476530,26311400,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Dr. Novikov,"This, to my knowledge, is the only space warfare game that values scientific accuracy and realism. Despite it's early access status, some UI flaws and bugs, the game is already great.The in-game texts and the blog on science behind the game are extremely interesting to read as well:https://childrenofadeadearth.wordpress.com/2016/04/29/misconceptions-about-space-warfare/This game is surely not for everyone, but if you like science and realism, beware: you will probably not want to play other games for a long time.EDIT: Because of this game I stopped playing Space Engineers, and my ships are probably running out of uranium as I write this message. Help...EDIT2: there are still a lot of things that need the developer's attention. Making turbopumps of lithium should not be possible. Neither should be making diamond armor, or pumping fluorine with a lithium pump. At this point I just use whatever is scientifically plausible, but I hope the author will fix these things soon."
,Recommended,476530,27222694,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zerepzerreitug,"It's a rough game, made by a small developer, but its heart and mind is in all the right places. What impresses me the most is how much attention to detail and love for the science and tech is behind it all. No rock was left un-turned, no Atomic Rockets article was left un-read. It's amazing. The kind of game that a hard sci-fi nerd as me had been waiting his entire life for."
76561198019026684,Recommended,476530,31428433,Posted: 28 April,all,Spartan00114,"Very amazing game, especially after the new updates. The Dev actually cares about this game and wow. This game has probably gotten twice as good in the past 3 months alone so I can finally recommend it after the new stuff. Don't get me wrong, it was totally worth it's buy price before. Now, however, if you'e simply looking for some good realistic space battles where ships slam each other with kinetics and nukes its fu**ing A++ material. It's learning curve has especially gotten more smooth which is definitely why I'd have to recommend this to anyone interested in a fun game. Gosh I freaking love this game now."
76561197969330375,Recommended,476530,34244409,Posted: 14 August,all,se5a,"I'm going to have to rate this low.It has potential, a lot of potential but it is *way* over priced for what it currently is.Pros:I like the atmosphere the game projects.I like the goal realism it tries to attain. it does this well while still being fun.Most of the interface/orbital control is done very well.Cons:High price for what it currently is.Lack of linux support.Poor performance - this may not be fair due to what the game is attempting to do with the realistic physics, but I suspect there could be a lot of optimization that could be done that does not reduce the realistic physics.there are some places where the interface/orbital control is lacking in a way that can be extreamly frustrating.this includes: having to re-adjust missile trajectories every time the enemy doges. I feel like this could be done automaticaly.the temporal widget does not always work as expected, and can delete your entire carefully laid out trajectory."
76561197991857481,Recommended,476530,33789795,Posted: 25 July,all,Prophet_01,"Let's put this up first: CoDE is among the best sims/games I've played so far. You're looking at a hybrid between KSP and an actually pretty solid strategy game. However, I highly recommend to watch some let's plays, because this is a fairly demanding thing to spend your time on and even though it can be a ton of fun, it's definitely not for everyone. It might very well not be what you expect.CoaDE doesn't just scratch the surface of the real sciences behind spaceflight and it's military applications, it dives deep into those. Extremely deep actually. And there's definitely some reading involved when trying to set up orbital trajectories or optimize various subsystems in your ship, like nuclear thermal rockets or railguns (the game provides you with all the necessary info, but it rly is a lot). As a side note, optimizing your ships here does not mean 'smahing buttons to level up and unlock special abilities'. The game rly allows and encourages you to pick from dozens of existing materials with different properties to construct engines, reactors, armor layers, weapons and whatnot while tweaking. It's pretty fascinating, but just as time consuming and complex.The game doesn't force you to do that though and you can just as well stick to the pre-build vehicles and subsystems (which still allows for loads of interesting combos and tactics).One of the reviews spoke about puzzle-like gameplay and that's kinda true for the first couple of missions (because anything more complex would make your head explode at that point  : P). The game builds up complexety over the course of the campaign and once you've got full access to all the building tools, your possibilities are almost infinite.Anyway, I can't stress this enough though: watch gameplay videos first  ; )"
76561198106213658,Recommended,476530,25763393,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,unwinged,"This game isNOT FOR EVERYBODY.It is for people who are interested in what space battles can really look like, with all hard science to back it up.And this combat is brutal, each interseption last dozen of seconds and often whole battle can be decided with single fire exchange.Graphics are simple (But can run on low end PC - like mine with GeForce 210) but for me are appealing. And especially satysfying when you can see holes in armor of your foes.But this game is all about gameplay: shooting at spaceships from another spaceships and designing your own spaceships.With steep learning curve.And this design is not simple mash few pieces together like in KSP. For example you have hundred of materials for armor and total freedome of how it is layered. And it can be mindbending!I didn't even reach module design where you can design your own laser and stuff!And speaking of KSP - CoaDE has very diffrent focus. In KSP youpilot your ship and explore planets, in CoaDE youcommand warshipswithout need to manually control direction and time of each burn."
,Recommended,476530,33959744,Posted: 1 August,all,dwarffort,best space warfare game ive ever played
76561197970160656,Recommended,476530,25694386,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Cube,"This game is fantastic. Now that I've played it I'd buy it again at twice the price. There really is something special about flying a nuclear thermal rocket around with white glowing radiators shooting death, and then going into a design page and trying to make a nuclear reactor have the right criticality constant!"
,Recommended,476530,29272180,Posted: 15 January,all,utilitas,"This, recruits, is a 20 kilo fusion-boosted nuclear explosive. Feel the weight. Every two milliseconds, the multiple main guns of a RFP Destroyer accelerate one of these to over 12 kilometers per second. It detonates with the power of 500 kilotons of TNT. That is over 30 times the yield of the city-buster dropped on Hiroshima back on the desolate wastes of an irradiated Earth. That means J. Robert Oppenheimer is the deadliest son-of-a-♥♥♥♥♥ in space.Now! Officer Gillhams! What is Newton's first law?Sir! An object stays in motion unless acted on by an outside force, sir!Damn straight! I dare to assume you ignorant jackasses know that space is empty. Once you fire this bundle of plutonium, it keeps going until it hits something. That can be a ship, or the planet behind that ship. It might get captured in one of Earth's lagrange point and obliterate a Swiss research center in a thousand years. If you pull the trigger on this cannon, you are thoroughly ruining someone's day, somewhere and sometime. And you better hope that someone belongs to the USTA."
,Recommended,476530,25666651,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Minder,First ever realistic space combat simulator!
76561198185176050,Not Recommended,476530,29038117,Posted: 5 January,all,zjerzy,"I am doing now Retaking Ceres mission now and I am disappointed. So much potential wasted because of  clunky controls!What is good: realistic space combat. For that experience I bought that game.What is bad: as I’ve said: those controls!Manipulating those velocity sliders I feel like a monkey. Finding passable trajectory is almost a matter of luck.In my opinion more information about orbits is needed. Trying to match enemy orbital inclination by eye and by moving this damn blue slider is hard. Flyby and Intercept icons are inaccurate and force me to spend too much delta-V at the last moment.Ship management is frustrating. Especially tedious are missiles and drones: click the launch button, press Back to return to main map, choose your fleet again, again chose appropriate ship, click the launch button, rinse and repeat several times. And then I press something by mistake and must repeat whole scenario from beginning.Save Game is feature I miss the most here. If I had known that there is no Save Game in the Campaign I would not have bought it.Better tutorial would also be useful.Short version: I am having a lot of fun but it is mixed with strong frustration. Improve those controls and I will wholeheartedly recommend it.New comment: ""Enemy unit has evaded intercept"" So I am supposed to re-target my missiless manually each time this charming note appears? Thats insane.Edit from 10.01.2016I managed to get to Vesta Overkill.“Target evaded intercept” is quickly making the game tedious. It was supposed to be game about tactical decisions not about working as a homing device for rockets on the battlefield without all excitement pilots normally get.Also managing my fleets against several enemy’s missile and drone fleets is difficult. It is the case where the game interface starts to dictate tactics. I simply cannot use more than two or three fleets, If I do the game becomes unworkable, at least in such geometry that I and USTA fleet go somewhat parallel exchanging salvoes. The battlefield becomes such a mess that I can’t say which group I am intercepting with what and which enemy once again evaded intercept.Damn, I so want to like this game but it is making love so difficult.Edit from 11.01.2016Die USTA. DIE!Controls still make me want to chew carpet, though."
76561197974084850,Recommended,476530,25831327,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Pong,"Superb Hard science fiction game. I'm not just saying that because it's just about the only hard sci-fi game though... It is a complete package (not early access crap!) of rocketry goodness. workable campaign, sandbox mode for copious amounts of experimenting... it even has info links in the main menu which lead to wiki leaks to sci-fi and rocketry concepts.This is a game which teaches while at the same time providing thought provoking fun. Players of Kerbal Space Program and Orbiter, and fans of the old sci-fi greats like Clark and Heinlein will be right at home."
,Recommended,476530,26003602,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Hammer Wizard,"Children of a Dead Earth is the newest game with a catchy title in the genre of space combat simulator, with an extra heavy emphasis on the ""simulator"" aspect of the genre. It was designed to incorporate all of our modern, proven technologies and explore how space combat might look if we were engaged in it today.The gameplay has a campaign and a sandbox. The campaign consists of several challenges that progress a story. The sandbox is basically a free mode that allows you to create battles to test ships. The real meat and potatoes of the game is the ship and module designers. The ship designer allows  you to create and design ships from base modules, arranging components and weapons, and deciding on armor. The module designer is like a series of miniature simulators, which allow you to design ship components. Need a new engine? Design one, and see if you can get what you need. All of the values and numbers are pulled from equations actual engineers use when designing these components. All of this adds up to a simulation that is very strict but rewards lateral thinking and good designs.I highly recommend this game to other huge nerds."
,Recommended,476530,25846423,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Drahkan,"This game is exactly how it's represented on its store page: the most realistic space combat simulator (currently..?) available. I've only begun to scratch the surface, having completely only a handful of straight-forward missions, but am already convinced that I'll be spending KSP-lengths of time on this game once I unlock the ship and weapons/equipment editors. It's not as in-depth a rocket simulator as KSP, but skills from KSP definitely transfer over; while you must set up maneuver nodes and such, there is no ""manual control"" (or need) for fine-tuning/hands-on flight.  The combat is quick and relatively simple as far as controls are concerned, but it makes the pre-combat setup (all of the manuevering and missile-firing minutes-to-days prior to the actual engagement) that much more important.  Although the game is scenario-based, it's definitely a good thing - it's all too easy to screw up even the early scenarios, especially if you don't have a firm grasp of orbital mechanics (...or even if you do).  (There's also a sandbox mode, but I haven't even tried that out yet so I can't really comment on it beyond guessing that I'm going to spend a ridiculous amount of time setting up my own epic space battles.)The UI and graphics in general are lacking, both due to ""realism"" reasons as well as - and I'm partly guessing here - those neither being the strong suit of the developer nor the primary focus of the game, but I'm expecting HD texture packs, HUD updates, and other mods and developer changes to improve the whole experience as time goes on. In fact, half of my enjoyment of this game is literally just thinking about all of the things that could be added to this game down the line, from new scenarios to some sort of multiplayer (I'm reaaaaally hoping for multiplayer...*fingers crossed*).Graphics aside - and again, that's just a nit-picky thing that barely affects my enjoyment of the game - the only ""thumbs down"" I can think of is that the tutorials/help pop-ups could use some polishing: although they teach you what you need to know, they are easy to ""break"" if you end up performing actions out-of-order with what the tutorial wants you to do.  It's not at all game-breaking, but can be an annoyance at times...and yes, is also a nit-picky, relatively minor thing to complain about.To sum up my wall of text, if you're the kind of person who plays simulator games on full-realism mode, enjoys space-based sci-fi and quick-and-deadly ""fight scenes"", take the chance on the $25 (current store price) for Children of a Dead Earth; it's the perfect price-point for what you get, and I'm expecting that 6 months from now it will seem like a steal for how much enjoyment you got out of it."
,Recommended,476530,27141708,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,6dwavenminer,"A perfect ""engineer's"" game, once you've unlocked both ship and module designing your'll be spending hour upon hour perfecting every little detail...and this game does not go light on the details in any way!In short this game is the perfect fun way to learn about:-Material science-Nuclear engineering-Solar astronomy-And of course realistic spacecraft design"
76561198006442887,Recommended,476530,26070384,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Erios909,"A bit pricey, considering today's market. If you wanted something like 'kerbals at space war' this is it. The campaign can be a bit challenging, which is a good thing. However some of the challenge comes from poor UI, not a good thing, and I can't help but think if this was kerbal it would of been a lot easier to get a intercept.The module design is a real joy however, and you can spend hours and hours tinkering with your components until you find the perfect material for whatever your making.I even made missiles with mecury propellant! They weigh and cost a terribley large amount. However they give new meaning to kinetic-kill when they mass 40 tons and impact at a few km/s.Armor design is also more of an art than science, with so many materials, thicknesses and even spacing to consider. Armor prone to overheating and evaporating? Add a backing layer of zicronium copper to conduct the heat quickly away and spread it out. Hypervelocity projectiles punching through your meter thick steel shield? Add a 3mm thick whiffle shield a meter out and watch as the projectile turns to plasma before harmlessly bouncing off the inner armor."
76561197997690278,Recommended,476530,25830172,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Count Sessine,"Wow, what am ambitious beast of a game. Kerbal Space Program, Aurora (check it out) in one package. Highly recommended."
76561198148108615,Recommended,476530,25830932,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,gnatsteak,"Not for Graphics lovers, If you one of those people you should not buy this game.However if you like extremely accurate physics simulations(and nukes in space, who could ask for more?), and the overall feel of submarine warfare then this is for you.Note, this is allso not for people with low patience, or who dont have much time, partialy because if you want to understand anything you have to read, and your going to make mistakes no matter what."
,Recommended,476530,25725345,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,[PUG] Carson,"If you like Kerbal Space Program, or Nexus: The Jupiter Incident, this is a very nice combination of the two, and is extremely fun and has a lot of depth.Athe only problem I have is that on the Orbital Fallout level, my missiles always go behind the ship because they aim for the largest heatsource instead of the center of mass (which is realistic, but I can seem to get them to actually damage anything but the engines)"
,Recommended,476530,26033005,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Kondor999,"I literally have not touched Gears 4 since I got this.This is not only a fantastically accurate simulator of near-future space combat, it's also a great primer on orbital mechanics and (this last is the most suprising thing) a damn fine game.Turns out that hyper-realistic combat in space is several orders of magnitude more fascinating than the nonsense we've seen in movies.  I am now anxiously awaiting the Nuclear Salt Water Rocket DLC ;)"
76561197970883058,Recommended,476530,26071408,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Zoombie,Would commit war crimes again 10/10
76561197986563807,Recommended,476530,25771460,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Doktor Flanagan,"Very cool game which manages to put some very complex things into a neat interface. Very entertaining. Try it out if you ever wonder how space warfare would be in reality, and definitely buy it if you like sciency stuff or are into Kerbal Space Program.Also, this is a one-dev job, which is quite impressive considering the very advanced physics being simulated. Plus, the dev is very responsive to bug reports and feedback.Absolutely recommended."
,Recommended,476530,25789610,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Sc0pophobia,"Interesting game with inescapable, gameplay-impacting flaws. Not worth $25 in the current state, but I have hope for future developments.Concept is VERY interesting, I love spaceships and have for a long time.This game's main claim is that it is scientifically accurate, and if that's important to you then buy it right now because this is unlike nothing else.If you're looking for more of a game experience, however, don't buy this. The GUI is ugly and awkward- there is nearly as much difficulty to be had in navigating the interface as in plotting orbital trajectories. The graphics are functional at best, and yet somehow the game still has major lag issues when dealing with salvos of hundreds of missiles.The gameplay would be vastly improved by some manner of automation in planning courses and intercepts, as these get tiring after forty to fifty course changes in a battle, but the player is left to do everything on their own. The physics and gameplay is discussed in the blogs and trailers, but the actual reality of the game- an ugly UI and tedious mechanics- is left for the player to discover.I will be following this game in the future and highly anticipate where it will go. If this wasn't a greenlight game, and if I didn't respect qswitched for building the hard sci-fi game to end all hard sci-fi games, I would give it a thumbs down. As it is, I give it a 3/5: good concept, okay execution, good prospects for the future."
76561198007510517,Recommended,476530,28935387,Posted: 2 January,all,enscahalane,As close as we're getting to an Honnor Harrington game for a long time! Fantastic
,Recommended,476530,25941344,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,akp,"Who knew combat with gigawatt lasers, gigaton nukes and coilgun slugs zipping through the void at relativistic speeds could be so much fun?Every patch adds so much cool stuff."
,Recommended,476530,25878010,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,123Nick,"u can make a cannon that launches drones, that launches other drones, which launch nukes.10/10"
,Recommended,476530,26052081,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Mithaldu,"Important to note: This is a simulator more than it is a game. There is no grand story to be found here, and no engaging ""core loop"".This is a toy box made to explore how science and warfare in space would look like. And at that, it is absolutely excellent. It rewards patience and consideration in spades with results that are usually as spectacular as they are enlightening and sometimes surprising."
76561198002922704,Recommended,476530,26717443,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,SwapMagic,Honestly? This is the game I've always wanted. Only wish it allowed staging
,Recommended,476530,26307779,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Fregatidae,Shot a ship in halfShot halves of ship into quartersFirepower/10
76561197960445449,Not Recommended,476530,29243703,Posted: 14 January,all,Cifu,"I have to say I really love the realistic space simulator type games. As so many people, I learn a lot from the Atomic Rocket page (projectrho.com), and become a huge fan of it. I really, really wan't a REAL realistic space combat game. And the Children of a Dead Earth promise this...If you don't care about playability, user interface or graphic, the Children of a Dead Earth can be a good game for you. But even then you have to bear the limitations of the game. You never got free hand for build your ship, not even close to Kerbal Space Program. This limitation means you cannot build the space battleship you have in your mind. This limitation shackle your imagination, and you have to accept the possibility what the game show you.For example, if you want to build a large forward multi-layer whipple-shield, you faceing the consequences what the game show in this regards: you got invisible spacers (read: the ship become super-ugly), and no way to strengten the shields itself. If you bring this to the battle, oh, you don't need to bring to battle, simple wan't to 'Inspect the fleet', your ship disintegrate immediately - because the forces of the engine break the ship. You cannot reinforce the ship, so you have to abandon this design.Okay, as many people pointing out, this is not a game, this is a simulator. Waitaminute. If this is NOT a game, then why restrict the 'Ship design' and 'Module design' menupoint for specified campaign game progress? Personally I stuck on Vesta Overkill mission, which open the 'Module design' option. When I bought the game, I got a lot of crashes in this mission, so I cannot use this game as a simulation tool as the 'Module design' option simply cannot be opened.Whatever. In the recent days, I spent an another couple of hours to take over this obstacle. And failed again. Faced in this case another limitations.Like I cannot start the battle the range I wan't. You can use your weapons 'Ignore range'  option, for example any kinetic round have virtually unlimited range, if we know the target exact flypath, we can hit even thousands, or even million kilometers away - if the enemy do not take evasive maneuvers (and burning delta-V for this reason). No, not in this game, or simulation tool, or whatever you call. Because you simply cannot have any influence to the range of the battle.I have to admire of the developer determination, so I won't blame him - he at least try to achieve something.Soooo many people wan't a realistic space battle simulator, we can see it. But this 'game' failed in every aspect. It's little to no fun for a game. It's don't have a decent graphics, even less a decent GUI. And it's have to many restriction and limitation for a simulation tool..."
,Recommended,476530,26146094,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,MinionJoe,"They had me at ""stoichiometric mixture ratio""."
76561198011083962,Recommended,476530,26347453,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Pepper Shine,"Superb Space Sim for your space sim-ing needs. 11/10, would intercept this game again."
76561197969518846,Recommended,476530,25890721,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,LeFuz,Fascinating exploration of space combat.
,Recommended,476530,25861820,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Colombianfire360,oooo its realll good
,Recommended,476530,33779535,Posted: 24 July,all,Tanelorn,"I have mostly enjoyed this ""game"", but keep this in mind if you are deciding to get it. This is actually mostly a puzzle game using orbital physics. The enemy fleets basically wait for you to get very close before they do anything. It is mostly a game of planning and calculating trajectories and distances to get the advantage. There is not much of an AI here, the fleets don't pursue you or make much for maneuvers. Once you figure out firing solutions and don't run out of fuel, you win the scenario.I like it for the theme and music mostly. It doesn't make me feel like I'm actually in any battles."
,Recommended,476530,26463838,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,System1024,"I crash when i remove components in the ship builder, but good game nevertheless."
76561197966828790,Recommended,476530,25731873,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Sempiternity,"This game is amazing... at least if you're the kind of person who wrote a 2Mb workbook for designing NTR space warcraft >_<It's like the deranged child of Exodus, I-War, & KSP, as raised by the old SSI Rules of Engagement series!Straight up hard core Atomic Rocket inspired space combat combined with a nifty, easy-to-use interface (that will be very familiar to my fellow KSP fanatics).Though, I have to say, the default ship designs are a little odd to me - they're (mostly) pure warships, which is fine as a setting choice and fitting for the techlevel (maybe) - but, wierdly they're (mostly) designed with symmetrical broadside biased weapons. I'm guessing the idea is that you fight them with a lot of spin or timed rolls - so you always have a weapon set bearing, and you can protect your damaged sectors. But it's a little bit not how i'm used to thinking! But then, you can design and fight your own ships. I'll have to spend some more time comparing (aka -playing-)!The scenarios are fun and instructive - I haven't gotten the epic endgame battles yet.I hope there is a sequel or expansion with a full campaign - focused on interplanetary fleet movement. ;)"
76561198112964277,Recommended,476530,31490007,Posted: 1 May,all,sone miyuki,"best space-fighting game of course,recommend if you like hard core space-fighting"
,Recommended,476530,25797476,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Daimo,This is a real mans game.
76561198162416053,Recommended,476530,26448528,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Boomchacle,"Whenever I try to load the game, it just flashes a black screen a few times and then says that it is not responding. It never loads (edit, I got it to work. thanks Q-switched Productions)This game is good, except that when I make extremely heavy craft (In the 100-500 kiloton range), it just doesnt load and is permanently stuck in the load screen."
76561198088439037,Recommended,476530,25735980,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,MaverickSawyer,"I have to admit, this is a damned impressive game. I've been pleasently surprised by the swiftness of missions and the ferocity of combat.10/10 stars."
,Not Recommended,476530,25806627,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,[13th]Sryan,"I was very impressed with my short time with the game. I spend some time going through the game's encyclopedia and everything looked extremely detailed. You could choose to unlock every feature at once or have them unlocked for you step by step as you progress through the campaign. I was very much looking forward to a game like this. Games like SC and ED feel a bit like like WW2 fighters in space considering the slow speeds they move at, the artificial speed barriers they have and the fact that combat is basicly purely WVR.However I just could not get over the turn based orbital mechanics. I'd rather have things like that in real time with time controls. If they ever add that I'll be happy to rebuy this game."
,Recommended,476530,29214828,Posted: 12 January,all,Rosso,Destroy your enemies... with SCIENCE!
76561198053215753,Not Recommended,476530,31140607,Posted: 14 April,all,AnthonyB,"Promicing, but unplayably buggy. The very first tutorial level has multiple of game-crashing bugs that prevent it's completion."
76561198085090352,Not Recommended,476530,29128918,Posted: 8 January,all,Carl Dong,"Just started this game, so I haven't started designing stuff things yet. Also, future releases may change my recommendation.One sentence:Great mechanics and strategy, ruined by terrible AI, cumbersome control, and campaign of Darkness Induced Audience Apathy.Short review:Game mechanic and space battle is greatControl is cumbersome and fairly inaccurateMissile AI is terrible. It's probably better to just ignore missiles at all.Campaign has really steep learning curve.Campaign should really be rated R18 or somethingLonger:I am not deep into this game yet but I like the feel and the novel strategies involved in space battles. I hope there is better AI for missiles so they don't just run out of dV in the face of the enemy. Come on, it's a nuke! Running out of dV straight into the enemy doesn't stop it from exploding and doing at least some damage!Then the campaign. More tutorial is better, but that is not my main point here. I feel like being foced to identify with the Nazi. Yes, I think RFP is that terrible. I expected a twist in plot when I saw the Captain R(something) in a pop up tells me not to fight for the RFP. Repeat, I really expected a twist of plot, maybe discovering a dark plan of the RFP, and rebel against this overly agressive faction, or some event like that.I haven't finished the campaign yet, but I watched Youtube playthrough of it, mainly to check out the suspicious plot. I first wished for a twist, then... I wished that at least other factions are equally evil. Then, I wished that at least it's just like a war to claim land and resources(people do this today, right?).And then the ending tells me the High Command is going to nuke everyone to the bedrock.Now I think ""screw the campaign, I am going to download a save and skip it, and start designing my own ship"".It is very offensive and outrageous to actually go through a campaign like this. Moreover, ship design and module design are locked unless I actually play the campaign. The developers may be real physicists, but I would say terrible writers. A good plot really lets a game shine, a dumb plot is fine when there is amazing game mechanics, but a bad plot destroys a lot of experience.In final words: I would probably not play this game unless there is a sequel to the campaign which reverses the current situation."
,Not Recommended,476530,26299092,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Person,"quite frankly, i'm sure i would love this game, if i could get to more than the loading screen, when this is fixed i'll properly review it.Edit: on my 523 attempt to launch the game (yes i was counting), imediately after i posted this review, it worked, not sure why or how, but i'm keeping this review negative as a warning that this game was clearly released a little too early."
76561198033262701,Not Recommended,476530,25870245,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,alex pang,"The game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ It wont start, I contact support and no answer .I have waited for almost a week still no reply. I think I need my refund."
76561198025693087,Not Recommended,476530,33607071,Posted: 17 July,all,andersenman,"1. launch a handful of strikers2. twiddle half an hour to get an intercept3. watch them all get shot down4. repeat step 1 and 2 to get out salvos in short succession, fail completely at step 2 because there's no ♥♥♥♥ing way to replicate the trajectory so you can attack rapidly5. repeat step 3 anyhow6. launch a TON of strikers7. watch some get shot down, but also watch the first detonating striker take out ALL THE ♥♥♥♥ING OTHERS OUT AT THE SAME TIME8. punch monitor9. ♥♥♥♥ this gameOrbital Fallout? More like Orbit Go ♥♥♥♥ Yourself!Nice premise, but if you don't get the tools to actually make use of the capabilities, it becomes a ♥♥♥♥ing chore. No thanks."
76561198221687092,Not Recommended,476530,25677516,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Winterspark,Dear makers of Children of Dead Earth. You have not finished making your game yet.
,Not Recommended,476530,25826043,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Leocet brick boi,"it's badif it was like ksp, i'd be cumming buckets, but it's not"
76561198098149921,Recommended,476530,25871197,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Bogwedgle,Made a 1.5mm railgun with 200+km range on capital ships. I call it the depressuriser.
76561197972954396,Recommended,476530,30644394,Posted: 20 March,all,Recondo,Excellent simulation of near-future starship combat.
,Recommended,476530,25719829,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,NeoG,I really like that someone finally put the effort into making an engine that allows for this level of simulation and play. I only hope that the developer and modders can build upon it to make this even better.Orbital mechanics and realistic space combat. Never before seen. Support this if only to create an incentive to get more stuff like this out there.The game even manages to be fun. Can you imagine something like this in multiplayer?
76561198006653128,Recommended,476530,25812216,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,ssfsx17,"This is like if Kerbal Space Program was a turn-based military strategy game with real-time combat. It furthermore offers customization of the modules & components themselves, allowing for an extreme amount of replayability."
76561197977592570,Recommended,476530,25936173,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Kolbex,"If you are at all interested in realistic space combat, you must buy this game. There really is nothing like it out there."
76561197964957155,Recommended,476530,26002243,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,GaGrin,"You should know after reading the decription of this game whether or not it appeals, but I would say that those who've an interest in the subject (and those who've played KSP by way of that interest) will find this game does a fairly decent job of easing you in to its complexity.If you can get a rocket to orbit in KSP you're ahead of the curve already.My only real gripe with the game so far, is that it's missing a couple of minor details on how very specific things work that would make it easier to solve some of the missions, but so far going to the steam forums for the game has produced all the answers I've needed to progress.[I haven't finished the game or delved into the depth of module design at the time of writing.]"
76561198045607830,Recommended,476530,26053836,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,hunding,"For a year or more I've been thinking I wanted to play a game like this, and was thrilled to see that it was actually made. They do a great job in incorporating pretty realistic weaponry, orbital mechanics, and issues such as heat management and different engine and fuel types.Unfortunately, the UI and other tools are quite vexing to use, particularly when one is used to the simplicity (if lower accuracy and patched conics) of Kerbal Space Program. Moreover, the game is poorly optimized, freezing for no apparent reason. These two problems make the game very difficult to enjoy.Even without the problems, this would very much be a niche game. I'm very happy it was made, and I'm enjoying thinking through the challenges, but with the optimization and interface problems I can only handle it in small doses."
76561198280415138,Recommended,476530,25977107,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,ShinyanChrome,"Missing a few things im sure mods or dev will take care of. If you like playing war simulators and dont mind getting your hands dirty designing modules(parts) its awsome. The campaign is ok but seems like a all or nothing test to see if your even smart enuff to understand the game your playing. Dont let the turn based thing bother you. If it didnt pause once in a while it would be damn near impossible to set up burns for your ship or you would move so fast in tight orbits you wouldnt know whats going on. The turn base is set by time 1 minute, 10 min, 1 hour, 6 hour, 1 day, 6 day with some higher values i never used. A little understanding of some orbital mechanics and metallurgy helps too."
76561198018761904,Recommended,476530,25716384,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,unblessedcoffee,"Absolutely wonderful little game. If you are a sucker for space combat and at all interested in hard science fiction this game is for you. Been longing for a title like this for a long time. Particularly enjoy reading the science blog that explains a lot of the game design.If you want to feel like a real spaceship commander, support this game. Freelancer it ain't, but I found it highly enjoyable."
,Recommended,476530,25716443,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Graham,"Do you like Kerbal Space Program?  Do you wish it had combat?  Get this, that simple.  Hours of hard science to ponder as you build every detail of your ship and some really great stratgy and tactics to learn as you discover how to fight in real space rather then hollywood's ""world war 2 in space"".  It's a solid foundation already that will only get better with mods and updates."
76561198067574377,Recommended,476530,25725123,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Commander Teizan,"The only issue I've had with the game is that if you follow up fleets (of missiles and drones, etc.) very tightly with other fleets, the simulation skips them over the target while you were in combat. This is resolved by not following up anything closely.The rest is just goddamn awesome."
76561198001983352,Recommended,476530,31330849,Posted: 23 April,all,Orinoco,"Campaign mode is like a series of orbital mechanics puzzles with the opportunity to watch spaceships duke it out. It's pretty fun while it lasts, and is also good for introducing the core concepts of space combat, which comes in handy once you start trying to design your own ships.That's where the real fun starts. Designing has a steep learning curve, there are many concepts to learn, but each time you master the design of a specific module it is pretty satisfying.There's something really unique about the combat in this game. The damage visualization is very detailed and the way a ship's hull texture changes when the material blisters, or glows as it turns to slag is enjoyable to look at. As of the latest patch ships will attempt to weave and dodge streams of projectiles, and it's fun to watch two gunships duke it out as they attempt to avoid each other's streams of projectiles - which also bounce and riccochet off of armour in a dazzling shower of tracers if they don't punch through the hull.  Penetrations leave a nice hole that internal components can be seen through and if a projectile doesn't pass through the ship it can leave a nice glowing spot on the other side from having been shocked into plasma.In short: If you like space combat, detailed simulations, and physics, get this game. It's a (nuclear) blast."
76561198006990255,Recommended,476530,33261562,Posted: 4 July,all,Morrigi,"As others have said, this is basically a space combat simulator pretending to be a game. Can't recommend enough if you enjoy Kerbal Space Program or otherwise designing spaceships and destroying them, 9/10. The AI still needs some work and a couple of things are a bit rough around the edges, but the developer has been excellent so far."
76561198056991181,Recommended,476530,31201784,Posted: 17 April,all,/T\ El Cuftberto,"Easily one of the most detailed, thorough, deep, and engrossing games I've played in years."
76561198086838509,Recommended,476530,31089936,Posted: 11 April,all,j.tyger,"ok i love this game, its difficult for me,but I enjoy that. The only issue i have with the game is i cant get the soundtrack seperate!"
,Recommended,476530,29886349,Posted: 12 February,all,Spicy Spicy,"Every aspect this game offers is great...except the story.  I wont give too much away but you play as a bad guy and not in a fun way. You constantly expect the twist in the next mission where you rebel or switch sides or something but no you just keep being a bad guy. This does not make for a good story. That being said I absolutley love this game. I give it an 8/10 and it would be a 9/10 with a really good story and a 10/10 with more UI settings, a better ai, and being able to handle absolutly insane huge ships instead of crashing from them."
,Recommended,476530,30975604,Posted: 6 April,all,Dr_Galactose,"In the era where space battle is basically a wet-naval battle in space, I have loss hope that someone would make a space battle game based upon real physics. I was wrong.Children of a Dead Earth is the most scientifically accurate space combat simulator ever create, bar none. It's about time someone made hard-scifi space combat game. Physicist and thermodynamic experts deserved to be entertained as well, after all. :DBy ""most scientifically accurate"", I mean that this ""game"" doesn't calculate orbital trajectory with Patched Conic Approximation (which is simple to learn but inaccurate), it goes full NASA and use an N-Body Simulator, which mean CoaDE can handles hyperbolic orbits and Lagrange points, unlike most other games.If you read developers logs, you'll see that Mr. Mankowski's attention to detail is astonishing.This also mean that orbital mechanics can be pretty frustrating, even for KSP veteran, and involve a lot of trial-and-error. Fortunedly, some aspect (such as interception) have computer assistant. You don't have to have a perfect interception, just bring your trajectory close to the target's trajectory, and let computer handle the rest.For me, I don't regret buying this game.Pro :- Realism.- Relatively easy and simple control, despite it using N-Body Simulator.- Heat radiator....Finally, someone remember the laws of Thermodynamic.- Good worldbuilding. Each factions have their own story. It's one of a few game that factions did not follow ""Good VS Evil"" cliche, but rather realistic political conflict.- Come with clear tutorial. Really helpful for a game this complicate.- Combat is fun to watch, and also scientifically realistic, a nice message to all those who said ""Realism will ruin the epicness of space combat""- All weapon system follow laws of physics, which mean laser isn't god, missile cost delta-V, and kinetic weapon still rulez in term of efficiency.- A Sandbox mode where you can do anything.- Soundtrack is nice, it's relaxing enough not to distract you from the game (and force you to turn off the music), and exciting enough not to feel boring (and force you to turn off the music).- Oh, and they're no sound in space...HELL YEAH!- And did I mentioned that, after you've unlocked ships and module design, you can design EVERYTHING, the engine, the nuclear reactor, guns,missile....nameit. You can even make a gun that shoot nukes!- Speaking of which, you have nukes! It's really satisfying seeing 120 nuclear warheads tore enemy ships apart. I don't think I have to mention how realistic nuclear detonation is.Cons :- As I've mentioned, N-body simulators can be frustrating, and usually result in trial-and-error.- Most aspect in combat are controlled by computer. You don't get to manually command a spacecraft. Then again, can you actually hit a target as small as a coke can at 20 kilometers away?- Can be confusing if you have limited knowledge in nuclear physics, orbital mechanics, electromagnetics, etc.- Learning curve is pretty tought.- Certain features in certain missions can cause significant slowdown. Applying N-body simulators to several groups of ships and missiles at one time is pretty demanding task for computer, especially if both you and your enemy love to spam waves after waves of missile at each others.- No multiplayer as of this moment (6/4/2017)"
,Recommended,476530,34267104,Posted: 15 August,all,Aerojet Rocketdyne,great fun
,Recommended,476530,34386102,Posted: 20 August,all,FakeSwede,Awesome cigar lighting simulator.
,Recommended,476530,35114291,Posted: 21 September,all,Zappy99,"Look at the hours played, should speak for itself. This game will eat your life"
76561198168693600,Recommended,476530,35210731,Posted: 25 September,all,deoved,If only we can have more niche gems like this..
76561198108164547,Recommended,476530,35225870,Posted: 26 September,all,roboempire117,"Kerbal Space Program for undergraduate students.The game focuses on individual parts and component design rather than orbital mechanics in my opinion but the module creator is to die for.Recommended reading for this ""game"" includes reactor design and a deep understanding of material sciences."
76561197999516639,Recommended,476530,35443172,Posted: 3 October,all,Jebediah Kerman,"Disclaimer I haven't played the game more than few missions yet, however I do have strong impressions. Overall I like the game a lot, The n body orbital mechanics simulation is very good. I like the idea that in order to intercept your enemy you have to raise or lower your orbit as you would in real life. I think the game does succed at its purpose, to teach people the basics of orbital mechanics while blowing things up. Kerbal Space Program servers the same purpse, except the laser guns part but there are plenty of explosions :D. I do also appreciate that they took into affect thermal heat conductivity created by your fission reactor, fission engines, and weapons. I do have gripes however.The plot seems a bit weak. I highly doubt that there would ever be a mass evacuation on Earth. Even if the air were totally un breathable we could still build dome cities. I'm sure that's what the Martians and the belters are doing in the game lore, it's not like any other body in our solar system as a rich oxygenated atmosphere at 1 bar anyhow. That and highly doubt anyone would ever build a base on Mercury because of the insane delta V requirements needed to get there and make a succesful orbit, even with thermal nuclear rockets the game has. Secondly, the Delta V of the games combat craft are low usually between 1.5km and 8 km per second. How do they get between each body where they are needed or do they just stay in orbit around its parent body and periodically get refuled by tankers? I kind of wish there was an aspect of the game where you had to take your ship from one body to another to regroup with another fleet lets say you were being recalled from Calisto and now had to fy to Ceres. It would take months, no doubt, possibly years in game. I wonder if they would use a system of drop tanks to give you the delta v to get there, then once in orbit, you dispose of the drop tanks which can be retreived by orbital shuttles to refuel them for use with other ships. I wish the game implemented little things like this.The other point or thing I'd like to see, and I do not believe it is in the game, is nuclear fusion. I do believe some form of internal confiment fusion will break even in the future and I think it would be cool to build ships using that kind of technology. Something like HOPE or Z-pinch fusion drive using Detrium and Tritum pellets. I know it's a bit a far off but in a game based on hard science fiction I don't think it is too far outside the real to consider implementing them. I can't comment on the ship builder, still need to unlock it but I will get there. I also wish you could pilot the ships from the bridge and use a joystick when in combat mode. That would be cool too. Overall, gameplay is fun, if not a bit over simplified. It feels more like a strategy game than a simulator since you don't actually get to jump into a command chair and pilot the ship. Sound is decent, graphics are decent, orbital mechanics are awesome, I think it's worht the money. It should be in classrooms also as a fun way to teach orbital mechanis."
