user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,476920,29437899,Posted: 22 January,all,Seed Vault Pilgrim,"While the game may have beautiful visuals and is entertaining enough, it is a bit strange and lacks any real coherency, but that's fine, some HOG's are just like that and can still be fun.The worst aspect of this game is a progession-halting bug in the second last world that some will be unlikely to avoid unless knowing about it ahead of time, which I didn't.One is supposed to be able to grab a lens object next to a genie lamp, but if you don't grab the lens before everything else in the scene the view closes as if completed and can not be reopened.  Progression halted.A known issue that still hasn't been fixed after 6 months.  Do I really have to replay the 5 hours I put in just to avoid this one bug?  Not recommended.[Edited for grammar]"
76561198037572211,Not Recommended,476920,26510154,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,VenuS ♆,"The amount of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in this game. Where do I begin... I had to travel between worlds for a can opener, to use the oil in the can to remove the rust off an iron piece that I'll attach later on to an armor to unlock a gate to go somewhere where I have to look into unlocking a chest to find a smiling mask to put on a sad statue next to a bridge before I cross it... Why can't I just cross the ♥♥♥♥ing bridge in the first place??Everything in this game makes no sense, I forgot what was the story or what I need to do and all the crap in my inventory idk what to do with it. GET YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥TOGETHER!Just stop with this crap, make a simple nice game that people will enjoy instead of stretching it out as much as possible to make it long enough to increase the selling price. Now I need some tea and painkillers so I can get the bloody achievements."
,Not Recommended,476920,23597183,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,TheCyberDruid,"Weird casual adventure game that is just a bunch of neat backgrounds barely tied together with a sprinkle of story. The puzzles aren't horrible, but they are far from great. You will end spamming the hint button a lot as most of the solutions are quite obscure. Not to mention the amount of puzzles that can only be solved using one specific item even if you have another item that does the same in your inventory (you have a saw in your inventory and you need to use a sawfish or you have one kind of vice in your inventory, but you need to use another vice).The background music doesn't fade in and out, but rather is just switched on when you are in a location where it is supposed to play. Then it doesn't start from the beginning but rather just continues like it was playing muted in the meantime. I just mention it because it is rather disturbing.The hidden object scenes are okay, but nothing special. Overall the game is just bland both from the story (which there is very little of) and the game play. I spend a bit over 4 € on the game and I wouldn't recommend getting it for this or a higher price. Get it with a big discount or in a bundle."
76561198071375554,Recommended,476920,30091113,Posted: 21 February,all,Feena,"I don't know where to start with this game. I was going to rate it negatively in the first two areas. My main issue was the music and how it cuts off when you move from a location to another. Second issue was the voice acting, I even paused the game and went to the review section (Thankfully) and discovered there is a huge flaw in this game which is the (lens part) so I passed that one. Strangely enough I started to enjoy the game in the last four locations but the story itself isn't the best, but you can still enjoy the visuals and the music if you ignore the fact that it keeps cutting off every time and resume whenever you get back to that area.Pros:+Beautiful graphics.+Music is nice, if only it doesn't cut off.+Fast travel map.+Good map design.+Good hidden objects scenes.+Nice diary/ journal, one of the best designs I've seen.+Easy achievements.+Steam achievements.Cons:-Very very poor voice acting, the way the villain speaks it is so cringy, however the narrator by the end of the game sounded really good.-Short game.-No replay value. (Like never)-Puzzles are very easy.-Misleading map, sometimes there is nothing to do in that area yet it still indicate that there is something must be done, especially the gate of her house.I finished the game and I still don't know what does that villain want, and why you have this whole adventure although you are a kid? Judging from your 'friend' she is a kid which means you are since you are her BFF >.>I recommend it only for the visuals and hidden objects scenes. just don't buy it at full price."
,Not Recommended,476920,28951544,Posted: 2 January,all,Haywire,"I was enjoying it, even if it was a little odd, until the second-to-last world. The in-game hint system, which usually gives you a gentle enough nudge in the right direction, kept saying there was nothing to do here, which was odd; up to this point I'd use it to point me where I needed to go and figure it out from there.I caved and Googled for a walkthrough, finding a few on YouTube. They revealed that I was supposed to pick up an item next to a genie lamp / jewelry box (a lens) which wasn't there for me, and when I go back I can no longer open that window to pick it up. Huge bug right there.Very frustrating as I was enjoying it up until now, and there's no way to roll the game back other than starting over, but screw that. Now I'm wondering where else it could be broken. Not recommended."
76561197994971393,Not Recommended,476920,24900347,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Occupant,"This game has a lot going for it: beautiful graphics, a wonderfully magical world, a nice hint system, and a nice map showing you where you still have stuff to do.Unfortunately it has the worst fatal flaw a P&C adventure can have: dead end issues. At least that Is what I am assuming it is. The hint system merely states ""There is nothing to do here"" - and it reports that no matter where I go. I visit each of the locations where I still have stuff to do, but there is nothing I can do to advance the adventure. I googled the issue to find I wasn't the only person stuck in this fashion, and there were no known answers to the dead end.That's the most important thing a game like this has to avoid - and it unfortunately is a game ruiner, for me."
,Not Recommended,476920,24291641,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,MreeBiPolar,"Buggy crappy crap.In at least two locations, if you don't take some necessary objects in the correct sequence, they close and you cannot get there again, having to restart from scratch. And these locations are almost in the very end.Make sure to take the photo lens in the oasis before you touch anything else in that particular location.... And while the graphics/animation are rather well done, the whole thing feels like just slapped together with no rhyme or reason, some worlds feel like authors ripped off famous games/movies just for the sake of having no imagination of their own."
76561198122195567,Recommended,476920,33037663,Posted: 30 June,all,Arigara,"Amulet of Dreams was a nice Hidden Object game with an interesting story. The only negative point was the beginning, it was too abrupt. The puzzles had the correct level of difficulty. It's worth to buy it even at full price."
,Not Recommended,476920,32392027,Posted: 13 June,all,Reyos,"I've been seeing issues more and more with HOGs. The developers language and region is mattering way to much, using names for an object I have never heard of because that's what it's called in their region (simple example spanner vs wrench) or having items on the HO screens that match a clue but aren't accepted (find leaves 2 but the maple leaf doesn't count is an example from this game)Specific to this game it was very picky when placing some items, so much so I had to use hints to figure out just where it needed an item to be placed, and some actions weren't available just because the story wasn't far enough along, even though I had every item I needed to do it when I got back later..."
,Not Recommended,476920,24280413,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,tampie85,"The graphics of the game are nice. The story starts off promising, but after the first world you seem to end up in 6 random other worlds. After the last action of the game, there is a 5 second cut scene explaining how the story ends, but to me it doesn't make much sense.The puzzles were okay'ish, but definitely not good. It regularly happened that when I clicked an object, I got an explanation what I needed to do much later in the game. There was no need to explain it that early, it would be nice if the hints appeared at the appropriate moment. Also some puzzles didn't make sense and even after using the hint button I didn't understand the logic. The ""use"" actions also seemed to be a bit random. Sometimes it was accepted if the object was used in the right area and sometimes you needed to put the item exactly in the place of the cog. But with one or two puzzles (e.g. the one with the basket) you had to make sure the cog wasn't visible, otherwise the puzzle wouldn't work. Very confusing.The Steam achievements seem to be just a ""tick in the box"". You get them every time you move to a new world, so if you finish the game, you also get all achievements. The descriptions of the achievements are also poor.  It would be better if they were left out (or improved a lot).It took me 4 hours to finish. It's an okay game, but I definitely wouldn't pay much than a few euro for it."
76561198194774666,Recommended,476920,23634402,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,missy2b4u,"By far one of the weirdest HOG's I've ever played. It reminded me of Alice in Wonderland as storylines go. Totally illogical in every aspect imaginable. As if the developers were on some type of mind altering drug whilst in creation of this game. For what may seem to be a hint or object for one thing is something else. Once you get past the bizarreness and battle of your wits to the visual chaos, the game unfolds into a fantasy realm with twist and turns to keep even a seasoned player amused."
,Recommended,476920,29580520,Posted: 29 January,all,~✿Blissy✿~,"I enjoyed playing this game though would have been nice if I had gotten all the steam achievements as I should have gotten them all however it only registered #3, 6 and 7 while in game it would show me each one as I passed each stage.I purchased this during the xmas sale so this was part of a Hidden object bundle, the game cost me .83 cents so was worth it.Standard Edition, Hogs (easy, standard - no animated items within them or that sort), mini-games are all pretty easy to medium differculty depending on the mini-game.   What may take a bit more tinkering with is the actual game play to figure out what to do next but if your really stuck you can use the hint button to help point the way.Travel map included and a goblin that you will use to help you out with certain situation (won't say when you get him or how to use him or may spoil the fun of that, lol. Let's just say I wasn't paying attention that he wasn't just the figure sitting on the hint button after I got him but is there to actually assist you in some things and it's not always indicated when so I got stuck at certain point at first.  I pretty much did a facepalm when I realized this.)anyway worth it to me to play for my .83cents and I""d say if you already enjoy playing the hog/puzzle/adventure type games just wait for really good sales or free and enjoy them for what they are.Take note: I was playing when I read in the forum some players were experiencing a game bug at part 6.I re-posted a helpful post from another player who explains how to avoid this bug (much thanks to him/her however I can't remember exactly where in the discussions I saw it) in the thread about this bug so if you purchase it read that to avoid the bug.  I have no idea if they fix it or not but the instructions they gave worked and I was able to finish the game without encountering the bug mentioned.happy gaming~"
,Not Recommended,476920,33642770,Posted: 18 July,all,ephy,"Once again, I find myself wishing that there were a 50/50 rating of some kind. Because Amulet of Dreams is hit/miss in places. In AoD, you actually play as a child. According tothe end cinematic,you're about.. six? seven? I'm surprised that a seven-year old can be counted on to do much more than play with Lego and eat crayons, but maybe I'm unaware of the maturity of present-day pre-teens.Thestoryreason for playing the game demands a truly epic suspension of disbelief. I'll buy thatthe hooded man wants to kill an otherworldly princess, for no clear reason.I'll even buy thatsomehow, your friend is connected to said princess because the girls look EXACTLY alike, just in different universes.But I won't buy this:your friend is sick, and ... she's all alone in the house? Except for a strange, hooded man in the sitting room? And she's what, seven? Maybe nine?'Kay. No. That's just taking it too far.Pros:+ pretty artwork.+ plenty of areas to explore.+ the adventure parts were mostly interesting.+ pretty artwork (it really is pretty).+ can be played in windowed mode.+ it has a map.+ the map tells you where you still have tasks.+ I liked the little helper elf.+ achievements.+ trading cards.Cons:- the map is buggy: you will always have a task marker at the first location.- the music wasn't at a consistent volume.- the voice acting wasn't the greatest.- the HO scenes had nothing to do with the story.- the items you receive after HO scenes have nothing to do with the scene.- the scenes where you have to find pieces/parts (see second video) are incredibly unintuitive.- typos.- instructions are given for only some of the mini-games.- I encountered a bug in a certain mini-game after tabbing to another window, and had to restart to fix it.- some unintuitive backtracking to replay HO scenes.- the 'story'.- awful, awful, awful end 'cinematic'. truly, awful.- no replay value whatsoever.Ephy Rating: 5/10Summary: If you can suspend your disbelief for long enough, and you play with the volume as close to 'off' as makes no appreciable difference, it's not a bad game. It is not as good as some I've played. (I play a lot of HOGs.) But I have played worse. If you've got the usual three hours to kill, and you're looking for some pretty scenery and a cute elf helper (and an incredibly ugly...rat?thing?), then get it on sale, if you've run out of reallygoodHOGs to play."
76561198055807366,Not Recommended,476920,28815871,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,celecat73,"This game was an exercise in frustration. It is very pretty, the music is tolerable, and the story is... ok.Unfortunately, the game play is plagued with defects. When trying to activate items to complete tasks, if the item wasn't placed juuuuust right then nothing would happen. I often tried an object several times, got the fairly rude and discouraging ""That's still not working"" message, only to finally go for a hint and have it tell me to do exactly what I had been trying all along. This type of problem occured to a lesser degree during the hidden object portions of the game. When trying to click on a poleaxe, I clicked on the blade and it didn't register, but when I clicked on the handle, it registered. In the same hidden object puzzle I clicked on several objects multiple times before it ""took.""Also, I was not a fan of the journal feature. It kept a very general note of what major quest needed to be done, but the specific action items that you see when hovering over the journal flashed on the screen very quickly and were often not very specific. Perhaps the most egregious example of this was the charging of the magic dagger. I was told I needed to charge the magic dagger to break through a forcefield. I came across a pit where it said ""here you can charge the magic dagger."" I charged it. Nothing. A bit later I come across another place where it says ""here you can charge the magic dagger."" I try to place the dagger where it can get charged and it won't let me. Only after lots of frustration and circling and completing other tasks am I told that the dagger has to be charged in three different places and in a specific order. Not fun.I won't play this game again. There wasn't anything in it compelling enough to get me to go through the frustration of another run through. It's a shame because with a bit of cleaning up this has the potential to be a pleasant bit of fun."
76561198197234309,Recommended,476920,26720463,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,lddake,"Fairly short reasonably well put together point and click hidden object game. I enjoyed it. I like to keep a game or 2 like this going for when I have a short time to play a game but not get totally immersed in one. this game fits that bill well. I have no real complaints about it, but on the other side of that it wasn't amazijng either. All in all I would give it 6 or 6.5 out of 10. I may play it again. definitely worth it, especially if you can pick it up on sale."
76561197983336381,Recommended,476920,30852415,Posted: 31 March,all,jiggy,Good adventure
76561198055383789,Recommended,476920,30530831,Posted: 15 March,all,stehaney,One of the BEST EVER hidden objects games I've played to date. Well done Devs. :)
76561198008914127,Not Recommended,476920,32133577,Posted: 2 June,all,Wuzzerator,"Well it's a real toss up between whether I'd recommend this or not but in the end I decided I had to go for not.This game is a real shame. It has beautiful backgrounds and SO many locations to it so that it does feel huge (it took me around 2 hours), but it just doesn't quite hold together as a complete article.Reasons:- The Story.Rescuing a princess/friend is fine, but I need to be reminded of it from time to time. When the overarching story does come in, it feels jarring as I have already mostly forgotten what I was meant to be doing as I'd got sidetracked with so many of the puzzles/point-and-click aspects. The climax really isn't a climax if I haven't really felt invested in or even reminded of the point of the game.- The Puzzles.Call me pedantic but I like to have puzzles which are more or less intuitive OR as in the case of the old style point-and-clicks like Monkey Island or Simon the Sorceror, I want them to be mind bogglingly obscure. This game is a strange mix of both e.g. *spoilers* Why on earth would I need a dragon's tooth to pick a lock? Why would randomly colouring in an outline of a dagger be the mechanism which releases it?- Mishmash.This game has aspects of Time Mysteries (the tokens needed to transport you to other worlds on the strange device thing) and Grim Tales (the biddable companion).  It also has fairly easy puzzles (except when the instructions are completely baffling!) and pretty backgrounds (like Nearwood) but does none of these well. It's as if the developers just chose aspects from all these games, put them together, and hoped they'd get a hit, and it doesn't feel like a complete game.Some may enjoy, and it certainly kept me busy for a little while, but there are so many out there which are better than this!"
76561197970585058,Not Recommended,476920,31580253,Posted: 6 May,all,Varkster,"I actually kind-of enjoyedmostof my time on this, but I'm still not recommending it.Steam says I took 7 hours to complete it, and so it may seem like there's a lot of content here. There are 4 reasons for this;1) Was afk quite a bit.2) There actuallyisquite a lot of content.3) The map, while showing you which scenes aren't completed, doesnotshow you which you can make progress in atm. So you spend most of your time randomly flitting about trying to work out what has changed. (The very first scene, apparently, isnevercompleted.) This is made much worse by point 4 below.4) The vast majority of puzzles haveabsolutely nocoherent logic to them. As a brief example from those I can remember, at one point there are the ubiquitous HOG vines blocking your path. You can't cut them with the dagger or sword which you took such pains to get; you need another item'old sword'to do this. You use asaddleto block a hole in quicksand. You need to charge a dagger with some elements;butnotin the order suggested in the notes. But still in a very specific, different order.There are sometimes very tenuous logical links to reality, but only when viewed in retrospect. Normally I never use hints in HOGs; here I used them aplently, in frustration.The HOG parts themselves are for the most part the 'hidden in plain sight' type, i.e. items obscured by general clutter, rather than being cleverly hidden. I did have a good laugh at the fact that after completing many of these, you are told ""You have found (something), where that wasn't even an item on the list.The puzzles are.. can't even remember them tbh. The story is.. not even sure there really was one. It's not even eluded to in the second half of the game, from what I remember.Overall then, as other reviewer have said, it's pretty much a great looking, trial-and-error, incoherent click-a-thon. Only for those really keen on the genre, or those with too much time on their hands. ;) This really could have been so much more, with only a bit more planning and attention to detail."
76561198012003855,Not Recommended,476920,26611469,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Saturna,"This game was pretty bad, I would not recommend it.The story was very weak, and near the end completely stopped making any sense. For a while I could understand where I was supposed to go and why, but then I had to resort to using the hint button just to know what room I was supposed to go to next, because no solutions made sense. Not very fun at all."
,Not Recommended,476920,24306188,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,inkenchantress,"Amulet of Dreams is a point-and-click puzzle game following the story of a boy named Aiden who is attempting to save the life of his sister Alison, who has been beset with a grievous illness. Dimension hopping follows. This game wasn't necessarily bad, it just wasn't that great. For one, the story itself, if you could even call it that, was inconsistent and made little sense. Likewise, the puzzles weren't so much difficult as they were unclear, prompting ample use of the hint button. With a weak story and puzzles that seemed to be based more on luck than logic, I didn't leave this game angry so much as underwhelmed at its quality."
,Not Recommended,476920,25311859,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,dewbasaur,"This game was a part of a bundle that I bought on sale with another game - the one that I was intending to buy - in it. At first glance this game looked interesting and I was pretty excited to try it out. Boy was I wrong. Very few things actually make sense throughout the game. I know it is a fantasy game and things are supposed to be out of the ordinary but the crazy things that you need to do to progress are basically impossible to figure out without the use of a ton of hints. I have never been happier that there is a ""skip"" feature for all of the minigames because most of them are absolutely unsolvable. The hit boxes for everything are frustratingly small, especially when trying to solve puzzles. The game itself is not that engaging in terms of story and I was bored very quickly but I continued playing to see if it would get any better. It didn't. The cutscenes are long-winded with terrible voice acting and just bad audio as a whole.The best part? I can't even finish the game. I am stuck in the desert and no matter where I go it tells me ""there's nothing to do here"" and when I looked up a walkthrough it said that the item I need is in an area that I can no longer interact with because the game is bugged. Do yourself a favor and don't waste money on this game."
76561198073516616,Recommended,476920,29243839,Posted: 14 January,all,RAINFALL,.
76561198004352611,Not Recommended,476920,28595027,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,CagedOwl,Very disappointed :(
,Recommended,476920,23469788,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,<(CKS)>💖Clare The Tiger💖,Amulet of Dreams is a fun game to play and you like HO this is the game for u
76561198173131854,Recommended,476920,29570299,Posted: 29 January,all,Just Ducky,"Good game for kids.  As an adult, it took me 6 hours to go throught it on the hardest level without skipping anything.  Some of the puzzles were a little odd, but, that is what the hint button is for, I suppose.  OK game for adults if you are looking for something casual (easy) to do."
,Not Recommended,476920,33037100,Posted: 30 June,all,Hoppipolla,"Okay, well, seriously I was going to rate it positively in the first two to three areas due to logical sense of the stories and the problems doesn't really matter much. There are some issues (I'd pointed those on Cons section) which I can't really tolerate in this kind of hidden object games. However judging from a lot of minus of why not to buy this game, I wouldn't recommend you waste your bucks on this game.Pros (with a lil cons here and there):Easy achievementsSteam trading cardsNice maps and places to go through and travelSoundtracks are nice, the real problem is that it cuts off everytime we move to one scene to anotherNice design of journal, although it doesn't look like kid's diaryFlow of story is quite niceGood graphics, ALTHOUGH some scenes are not (would elaborate on Cons section)Cons:Illogical yet uncertain story, for the examplewhy would Ashton do all those bad things to the Queen are not being told. For illogical ones, for exampleyou cover 2 holes in quick sand, one with a saddle and one with a fricking one shield. But then I remind myself, maybe this is all because of ""magic""Bug on graphics(?) likethe duck on the seventh location kept repeating the same direction when you don't do anything on itand the hint recharge button that sometimes stuck also being illogically full in one scene then whenever I move to another scene the hint button illogically empty. Ah and also the final last scene whenAiden and Alison walked away, it looked as the developer forced it on happening.Literally a photo got zoomed out or somethingPuzzles are too easy yet too fewMap's bit confusing, like when there is nothing to do in that area yet, it still indicate that there is something must be done. And the one onher gatekind of says it all. It kept indicated that something is supposed to be done but, till the end, there's none actuallyThe music DOES cut off when I moved from one scene to anotherGameplay controls a bit confusing and just so irritating for me to actually have to get hints just to know what to do with what, or where to drop the item so that it actually workedI bought this game on Summer Sale 2017, thought gonna make another variation of another HOG but well, this one doesn't meet up whole expectation of mine. So, if you only chase for achievements, trading cards, the design and the hidden object scenes, buy this game when it on sale or on bundles."
76561198077378264,Recommended,476920,30094132,Posted: 21 February,all,Sorenn,This game takes about six hours to finish.  The artwork for the locations and objects is very well done. There are about fifty locations and around two hundred objects to interact with.  I found the game to be challenging but not impossible.  I did need to refer to the hint system about four times when I got stuck.   The navigation map was helpful for jumping around the seven available worlds.  I bought this game on sale for about two dollars and it was definitely worth the money.  I recommend it for anyone who enjoys hidden object puzzles.I give this game 7.5 / 10.
,Not Recommended,476920,30200184,Posted: 26 February,all,HimeJezabel,"Not quite sure why this game has lower rating than the same developers' newer game ""Wisbey Mystery"" which is a much worse game and has a pretty good rating.This game has at least twice the playtime than the newer game, a bigger world and an easier to follow story (even though that story is bad).Pros:- The game looks good and the HOGs and puzzles are pretty decent.- Unlike Wisbey Mystery it does have a journal so you can look up things. However, for some reason it doesn't always update correctly.- Decent map with teleport option.- No achievements for not using hint, and hint pretty much spammable if you feel the need (though for some reason it died for me near the end).Cons:- Hit & miss voiceacting. Some of the minor characters are really good, while I didn't like the narrator's voice at all and the villain was just terrible. For some reason his lines get cut off often and he only says half of what is in the subtitles. At at least one point his entire monologue is deafened by the loud music and sound effects in the cutscene.- Suffers from poor grammar/typos. I had to give a bird a 'fir hat' to warm it up. A 'fir hat'. A 'fir hat'. Yes, really. And items are mislabeled and change names all the time. ""You found a ladle"" and in the inventory you now have a 'scoop'.- Not really a point to the HO scenes. You pick up things, as normal, and get an item you not even didn't pick up, but was not even in the scene or had a logical reason to being there. Then why the HO scene in the first place?- The plot. Your friend is sick  because she is attacked by a villain blabla. Why? Why is he there? What does he want? Who knows.- No settings outside volume and screen size. So no difficulty.- The volume of the music wasn't the same in all locations and cut right off and started another track if you left a room. So you could go from a soothing music with normal volume right into an overly loud one.Most of this game's issued could be fixed with some proper quality control before release, which is sad. Had it only been the bland plot balanced out with the decent puzzles and the pretty graphics it might have gotten a thumbsup.All achievements are unmissable, so no real replay value.Buy on sale if you're an achievement hunter or HOG collector. Otherwise don't bother. Though still a better game than The Wisbey Mystery."
,Not Recommended,476920,34036427,Posted: 5 August,all,Lustmored,"It was so absurd I have no words for it. No logic, no interesting story. Simply: NO"
76561198014665763,Not Recommended,476920,34090455,Posted: 7 August,all,Rufus,"Not a particularly good example of the genre. Many translation errors, overly-precise interaction recognition and an absolutely terrible and meaningless story plague the game from beginning to end. Some of the puzzles don't have instructions, although none of them are actually difficult to solve once you work out what to do. I also encountered several instances where the game wouldn't let me perform an action I knew I needed to do until I'd clicked for a hint and the game had told me to do what I was already trying to do.The entire second half of the game felt completely phoned-in. The HO scenes rewarded items that were nothing to do with what was in the scene. There was an absurd amount of backtracking for no good reason. The ending is just awful.One other point; even after finishing the game the map still insisted that there was an unfinished task in the very first area.The artwork is pretty nice though, so at least there's some positive aspect to the game.Overall, I felt that Amulet of Dreams is trying very hard to emulate the Artifex Mundi HOGs, but fails at it in most ways. My advice would be to get something from Artifex Mundi instead; they are almost all far better than this."
