user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,477740,32270614,Posted: 8 June,all,_v3,"PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE VENTURING INTO 999!I refunded the game thinking they removed so much of the narrative but I was wrong, the game has now 2 different types of screens, the ""ADV screen"" and the ""Novel screen"". Make sure you switch to ""Novel screen"" as soon as you start playing and stay on that screen as the ""ADV screen"" only displays dialogue and NOTHING ELSE, if you stay on this screen you'll miss all the extra bits that can help to figure out certain details that allow you to find all the endings and figure out the entire story top to bottom.Happy gaming.EDIT: @Snivader pointed out my mistake, edited the review.Extra small tip to help you through your journey. Take a notepad (or anything you can scribble down onto), and write down key dates / codes / people that you encounter through the game and keep them close while playing the entire trilogy. I can guarantee you that your mind will be blown by the end of the trilogy (provided you can keep up with the weird events that goes down in these games)."
,Recommended,477740,30713373,Posted: 24 March,all,Ally,"First ImpressionsA lot of people who review now will have played it on the handheld, so I thought it may be useful for someone who had not had any experience with the game give their initial impressions of the game.What I think after 2 hours?If I had to use a phrase it would be""Believe the hype"", I was told this was one of the best if not THE best VN there is and boy were they not wrong. After the short space of time I have had with the game I had high expectations, I was worried it wouldn't stand up alongside say Danganronpa or Steins;Gate. What struck me straight away was this is NOT just a VN, this is an old school point and click adventure game as well as a VN. The puzzles are challenging and were a welcome surprise to someone who knew nothing about the gameplay. The characters are interesting almost immediately and well introduced, a couple seem bland at the minute and typical VN trope characters but there is plenty of time for them to develop. There appears to be multiple routes to get to multiple endings, which is great, I love that I can see what route I am on currently and I'm sure that will develop into some form of gameplay mechanic as it is unusual to show you exactly the kind of path you are on. The voice acting is good without excelling, I'm sure I'll grow to love it but at the minute the protagonist is sort of ""meh"". A BIG surprise as well as the gameplay was the characters being animated during dialogues, I am SO used to the small movements or just the mouth movements, I loved it when the characters started moving.The story seems like it is going to be stellar, lots of initial mysteries straight off the bat, decent pacing straight away. I'm hoping they can keep it up!One crash in two hours, it did not like me alt + tab out of the game to go and browse the internet, so be mindful of that, no auto-save so I lost a bit of gameplay, but no biggie, plenty of games hate that and its as much an issue with my set up as the game.Future of this reviewI'll edit this review when I've finished the game and give it a full proper run down, just thought I'd throw this up before the myriad of ""I love this game"" one liners got tossed up or the typical day 1 griefers who purposefully break the game and then decry the bugs they've found."
,Recommended,477740,32165240,Posted: 3 June,all,PsyDoc,"An absolutely brilliant pair of games.  Clever puzzles and insane twists aplenty keep both 999 and VLR engaging until the very end.Note: Absolutely play them in order (999 then VLR, then ZTD if you want to finish the trilogy)."
,Recommended,477740,30710627,Posted: 24 March,all,DeckeЯ,Zero Escape: The Undiscounted Games
,Recommended,477740,30723121,Posted: 25 March,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"Pros+High Quality Port+3 great Story if you get this  Zero Escape Trilogy+Adventure and Novel Mode option available+Variety Of Choices that add depth to the story progression+Great voice acting for 999+3 great mysteries with plenty of clever twists(zero escape trilogy)+Story is just as mind-blowing and well-written+Decent 3D sprites and intricate levels+Great puzzles+Great plot twists, puzzling story, interesting charactersCons-Voice acting in 999 is hit-or-miss.-animations don’t hold up that well on 999 side of story-odd sounding voices- choices have no effect and random puzzle difficulty-Dated Graphic(might not meet everyone expectation,-small touch up on 999 which is a port from nintendo DSConclusionZero Escape Trilogy is a really solid compilation that do offer  great visual novel experience on PC . although the animation look a bit dated in 999, and upping the resolution on PC certainly didn’t reduce the roughness of their looks on the Background.999 is an  an old game, however, so that’s probably to be expected. Sprite and Artwork are all gorgeous and crisp although the only downside that i can find on pc version is it is not even a FULL HD remake on the background and some part of animation.I was a huge fan of the Nintendo DS title 9 Hours, 9 Persons, 9 Doors, so I naturally picked this Zero Escape Trilogy(pc) when I was able to(for collection purpose). Virtue's Last Reward delivers more of the same escape the room-based gameplay that was so awesome in the previous installment, and definitely delivers on that part. However, I couldn't help but feel that the plot that was tied into these puzzles was weaker this time around. Perhaps it was the author's desire to create a trilogy out of the series that led to Virtue's Last Reward being a less impactful installment.While Virtue's Last Reward is an interesting, mind bending game that will keep you guessing until the very end, it suffers from issues with the setting and writing that make most of the game very slow paced.the series still boasts one of the most engaging and well-written stories in visual novel genre and for and newcomers who didn’t get a chance to play them on the 3DS or Vita would be remiss to pass it up now.Verdict: 4.5/5[ 999 and Virtue’s Last Reward aren’t the most graphically impressive games around, but the series still boasts one of the most engaging and well-written stories.The Nonary Games does provide dual audio tracks though, so you could always swap to Japanese voices if you’d like. The Flowchart could potentially spoil the experience by revealing the game’s flow and how many possible outcomes you can get from a decision, especially for newcomers.The Only problem i can found in this game is the choices mainly becomes an issue when you keep switching branches and are forced to play through nearly the same things over and over again.The soundtrack was composed of Shinji Hosoe and consists of ambient electronic music. It does a good job of setting a tense scene, though there are no standout or truly memorable tracks.](note:I have already play both game on new 3DS/DS so this review is just for reference purpose)"
,Recommended,477740,32859426,Posted: 27 June,all,Shadowstrafe,This game is actually a collection of 2 games ported from the Nintendo DS and 3DS respectively.A mash between visual novels and escape room point-and-click puzzles complete with branching stories and crazy characters. Loved all of the first game but I felt the sequel was weaker than the first. The endings to both games are amazing!Additional notes for weebs:- Japanese voice acting for novel sections is available in the options.- Miyuku Sawashiro
,Recommended,477740,32136637,Posted: 2 June,all,Rosetta stoned,"This was an hell of a ride, im so glad these where ported to pc, on steam, or i would never have played these two gems.Do you like puzzles?Do you like an engaging story where every detail counts?Do you like clever twists and mind♥♥♥♥ galore?Grab a paper and a pen, get this game!"
,Recommended,477740,30711975,Posted: 24 March,all,OwO - What's this??,"Quick Port Overview for those looking to buy:Playable with Keyboard and Mouse, seems responsiveDetailed resolution options only in fullscreen, more limited in Windowed (544p, 720p, 1080p on my 1080p-Monitor). But you can change to a custom resolution via the launcher.ini atMy Documents/My Games/Zero Escape The Nonary GamesBorderless Windowed OptionSimple graphic options menu, includes AA up to 16x and AFAudio output seems bugged, my headset is the output, which is connected to a PCIe-Soundcard, deactivitating via Windows doesn't work. Workaround is to plug the speakers to the sound card, could be fixed in a patch as far as I can seeOn my RX 480/i5 6600k Desktop 999 runs perfectly smooth and fine without dips. It was the same at first on my i5 2520M T420s, but for some reason it started to dip to 17 - 22 FPS within the second riddle. I turned off AA and AF and it's running without the severe frame tanking. Also, I can't see any difference in graphic fidelity with having those turned off. So I guess it's a must-have option to turn off AA and AF if you have a lower end system.The UI does not scale at all as it seems, the Save Screen is huge and is convoluted, will update when getting further into the gameMenu options don't scroll with mouse wheel or with the movement of your mouse, only a click or using the arrow keys will change the highlighted menu buttonThere are keyboard shortcuts for the various interactions in the game, but are not rebindable. It's also completely playable only using the mouse so far.It has only 30 save files, though that is more than enough for someone like me.The game has native Steam Controller and Dualshock 4 support with the default profiles (thanks to Moskeeto)999 and VLR don't have a ""Close""-button, but you can quit out of the game via Right Click in the Main Menu or via the B-Button on XBOX (or equivalent) controllerI forgot to note that both Virtues Last Reward and 999 have a options menu, where you can adjust seperate audio sliders like BGM, SFX and Voices. You also have a sensitivity choice for the cursor (if using a Gamepad is something you'd want to do), as well as a option to enable skip text and a choice between Japanese and English voices. I am using the Japanese voiceover and so far, besides the puzzle bits, it seems to be fully voiced with animations.You can change between GamePad and Keyboard/Mouse on the fly, the only thing that the launcher option for the input device changes seems to be the shown input button ingameGame speed seems to be tied to framerate, so thats unfortunate.It seems alright besides the Audio issue. Might want to wait for one or two patches."
,Recommended,477740,30712532,Posted: 24 March,all,"Sort Yourself Out, Bucko","9 Reasons Why You Must Buy These Games:1) 999 arguably has the greatest, most unpredictable mind-♥♥♥♥ of a plot twist in gaming history2) VLR arguably has the greatest, most unpredictable mind-♥♥♥♥ of a plot twist in gaming history3) Both titles utterly redefine the meaning of non-linear storytelling and multiple endings4) Possibly one of the best combinations of science/sci-fi, mathematics and philosophy in any piece of fiction5) The Holy Trinity of Genius Waifus: Lotus (science), Alice (mathematics), and Phi (philosophy)6) Literally has the stupidest reasons to have conspicuously voluptuous waifus of all infinite time7) Literally has the most emotional sudoku puzzle of all infinite time8) 14383421 x 9 = 129450789. Digital Root of 129450789 = 9. Digit Sum of 14383421 = 26 = Q in Hexadecimal Base-109) MEMENTO MORI IF THE NINETH LION ATE THE SUN"
,Recommended,477740,31874820,Posted: 20 May,all,atro city,"Spike Chunsoft delivered two excellent visual novels in one.Escape the rooms, and many secrets will be uncovered.Naturally you will be suspicious right at the beginning.Do the other participants know something you do not?Learning the game's secrets changes how you perceive everybody.Eventually, you and your friend must judge six others.Without trust, all lives are taken in Zero's game.Despite that, can you make alliances with complete strangers?Such is life in Zero Friends: The Ronery Games.9"
,Recommended,477740,32757674,Posted: 24 June,all,MaosDong69,"just finished my first playthrough of 999, have never played these before. Of course I got the bad ending because as far as I know you have to do multiple playthrough to get the true ending. characters are interesting, story is ver compelling so far I still have too many questions that are unanswered in the bad ending that's why I am going to have a second playthrough very soon, some puzzles are challenging but it never gets too hard.I don't play that many visual novels, pretty much have only played all Phoenix Wright and a little bit Danganronpa.Normally I like to play action-packed games as you can see from my library, so it is kinda hard to put me into reading that much of text without any action going on in a video game but somehow these games acomplished that. I really enjoy it so far."
76561198054465697,Recommended,477740,31073968,Posted: 11 April,all,sigsegv,"You should play this game if you want......A choose-your-own-adventure mystery visual novel...An exceptionally well-architected game where every little thing has HUGE significance in the overarching story...Escape the room puzzles...A game that is relaxing and thought-provoking, and doesn't require a lot of mechanical skillYou should NOT play this game if you want......Something fast-paced (it's pretty easy to get hung up on the puzzles; I used a guide a few times)...Something innocent (there are some pretty hardcore innuendos, and mild gore)As of now, I've played about 80% of the way through 999, which is one of the two games in this bundle. I started with Zero Time Dilemma, which is possibly even better, but it's a sequel, so I'd suggest starting with these."
,Recommended,477740,30844516,Posted: 30 March,all,Akka,"The Nonary Games repackage two beloved cult classics from the Zero Escape series. Fans and newcomers alike are finally able to experience this masterful hybrid of VN and room escape gameplay, freed from the limitations of their handheld platforms. Keep in mind that I've played both games on their home consoles and once again fully via the steam release. I'll review them separately.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=894938732&fileuploadsuccess=1Find a way out!9 Hours, 9 Persons, 9 Doors is the debut title in the Zero Escape series. Among the most gripping, suspenseful titles I've ever experienced, I refused to put this game down until I finished it.GameplayThe most common facet between both games are the basic elements. You have a branching storyline that plays out like a VN, staggered by occasional Room Escape puzzles. These are point-and-click adventure games restricted to one or a couple rooms. As a service for the players, this PC re-release has granted us the ability to jump to anywhere in the story's timeline.IMPORTANT:The game omits more than half of the story by default. Click the top right of the screen to switch from Adventure mode to Novel mode. Here's an example. In Adventure Mode there's a scene where the protagonist says nothing. In Novel Mode, it becomes this much more vivid scene:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=892548424It likes to switch back to adventure mode after every room escape segment, so be sure to switch it back to novel.VisualThe game runs at a solid 1080p. Some assets and models are noticeably better looking than I remember, but there are still plenty of low resolution, blurry textures sprinkled throughout. This game did debut in 2009 so I'm quick to forgive any slight visual hiccups.SoundThe musical score flawlessly compliments the mood, and there's even one track I downloaded and threw in my playlist. Whether the game is trying to convey gut-wrenching suspense, mind-crushing introspection, or simply a bad case of sadness, the ost accommodates the mood perfectly.As an added bonus, this game features an English dub that was absent from the original. After having listened to every line I can comfortably recommend you turn off the English voice acting or just mute the voices entirely. While several voices are spot on, there are others that miss the mark so egregiously that it takes away from the whole performance.PlotThe plot takes center stage here, as this game is already mostly VN. The topics are amazingly broad, but efficiently tied in to match the story. Philosphy, ethics, theoretical physics, thought experiments and more are crammed into a storyline that's already brimming with suspicion, betrayal, and imminent death looming above you. Don't accidentally spoil it for yourself by reading any plot summaries.SpectacleThe game doesn't waste five minutes before it grabs you by the ankles and dunks you screaming into the sheer abyss of thrilling suspense.DifficultyThe room escape segments are the perfect level of difficulty. The solutions are neither obvious nor painfully obscure. You have everything you need to solve your problems in front of you.Four out of Five StarsUsually I use the entire chair when I'm sitting down to read anything. I only needed the edge for this one.--------------------------Welcome to my Kingdom!999 recieved more positive response in the West than in the game's home country of Japan. The writer was browbeaten into softening the storyline into making it less suspenseful. In every other facet though this game brilliantly outshines its predecessorGameplayVery little change from the first game. There's more branching paths, a larger number of harder rooms to escape from, and even an easter egg in each room to find if you're feeling clever.VisualBlowing the game up to a full 1080p reveals a lot of shortcomings that were masked on the original console's smaller screen sizes. I'll forgive the non-existant lip-sync, the painfully limited reactions each character model takes, and the occasional blurry wall texture the camera zooms in on since these are all relics of the original game.SoundNot only did they develop an entirely new batch of songs, but they even pay homage to the most powerful title in the previous game. Also the voice acting in this game is vastly superior to the new dub created for 999. I kept it on and enjoyed it!PlotIf you thought the last game had a bunch of crazy twists and emotions that couldn't be topped, prepare to be surprised. Avoid reading about the plot from anyone at all costs. Just shut yourself off from reality and the internet while you play it. The reveals and payoffs are magnificently executed.SpectacleThis game harbors much less of the gritty darkness that gave the earlier game such a foreboding atmosphere. The developers wanted to appeal to the Japanese market but inadvertently alienated the Westerners who so dearly loved the first game. The man who chases two rabbits catches neither.DifficultyA step above the challenge in the first game. Escaping the room isn't so hard as finding the Easter eggs, and if you're like me you just have to find all of them. A couple challenges teeter on the borderline of being absurdly hard though so don't fret over using a guide once or twice.Four and a half out of five starsIf you're fretting over the price, just take this perspective. There's easily over 40 hours of content spread between these two games. Well worth it, especially if you haven't tried them before."
,Recommended,477740,30894134,Posted: 1 April,all,Moskeeto,"I was a little hesitant to pick this up when I saw the price, but I do not regret it at all. It is absolutely worth the full price.I had already previously played 999 on the DS before, but replaying it was great. They added a new voice acting that's actually good and the timeline feature present in the two sequels which makes it a lot easier to see all the endings. There was quite a bit of content I had not realized I skipped over in my original playthrough. My one complaint is the ""novel"" and ""adventure"" modes. The novel mode is all the dialogue and narration in text form that covers up the character's faces. It's not pretty. The adventure mode is better laid out with the text box at the bottom, but then you miss out on the excellent narration and inner dialogue of the main character. For that reason alone, I recommend playing through with the ugly novel mode. It's still an excellent game regardless.As for Virtue's Last Reward, I had actually never played it before. I don't own a 3DS or Vita so I couldn't get my hands on it. For this reason, I skipped over it and played Zero Time Dilemma, the third in the series, when it released on PC. Unfortunately for me, that spoiled a lot of major plot points in VLR. However, I'm about 23 hours into VLR and still not nearly finished. It has left a great impression on me so far and I can definitely see now why most fans claim it to be the best in the series and why VLR felt a little lackluster in comparison. Personally, I prefer ZTD's presentation more despite its stiff animation simply because it doesn't use the typical visual novel layout with characters overlaid in front of a background and went more with a Telltale-style presentation. VLR definitely has a better story though and is a much longer game. The puzzles are very mind-bending, almost as much as the story itself. If you like escape the room games, you'll love the gameplay that is present in the entire series.Don't let the visual novel presentation stop you from enjoying one of the best sci-fi stories ever written. This isn't a cringey dating sim like you see flooding the Steam marketplace. This is an extremely engaging story from start to finish that will always leave you on the edge of your seat wanting more."
,Recommended,477740,30758497,Posted: 26 March,all,X3NPAI,999 and VLR has finally been ported here on Steam.About 999:English & japanese voices can now be heard.The background is indeed been remade in 3D.Answers can somethimes be funny based on your decision.It'll get somethimes boring to read when characters are talking too long aboutcertaintopics.About VLR:English voices can now be heard in Europe.New characters and old characters are meeting each other.New mastermind.Puzzles are interesting and it really requires you to think a lot in a logical way like 999.It got a'new feature'calledAB (Ambidex) Game.New bracelet design.Characters will react based on your decision.Soundtracks are making this game even more exciting.Conclusion:It's an awesome mystery visual novel which requires a player to decide a lot.What I dislike a bit is in the puzzle mode is that the camera is onlypanningaround if player wants to move in 999.The price is reasonable since it's been combined intoagame.I also have that feeling that the developers haven't give us all the OSTs but wether it was done on purpose is in my opinion unknown.
76561198086805988,Recommended,477740,32916470,Posted: 27 June,all,gamercoon,"I've put 17 hours into this in less than a week just to complete the story of the first game (all endings, including the true ending), and even with that I would probably consider this package to be worth the money based on the quality of the writing by itself, let alone the puzzles and gameplay, and I haven't even touched the second game yet!Okay, when I say gameplay, I really do mean just the puzzles, since this is VERY heavy on the ""novel"" side of ""visual novel"", but the puzzles do keep things interesting. Either way...If you've ever wondered what Saw would be like if it were an anime that also had a weird obsession with history, conspiracy theories, and philosophy (a combination I certainly couldn't have come up with) then this is the game for you. And if not, well, how about an extremely tightly-written choose-your-own-adventure book, but written for adults that has breaks in the narration for you to excape death traps and locked rooms?I'm not quite as good about commenting on the visual novel aspect since I don't really PLAY visual novels, but, again, 17 hours in the first game alone in less than a week. I can safely say it's been a while since an actual novel was that engrossing for me.Which isn't to mention the enhancements to both games from their originals, at least as far as I'm aware, since I never played the originals. Based on what I've read about them, this is definitely the definitive package with quality-of-life enhancements (a flowchart of choices and rooms for the first game, for instance), fixing of typographical errors, and the addition of full voice acting in both English and Japanese (prefer dubs over subs or vice versa? Who cares?! Both are here and both are actually pretty good).I'd have more to write, but I still have to play Virtue's Last Reward, which as far as I'm aware from most accounts is an even better sequel to an already amazing game. As said before, the first game by itself with these enhancements is worth the money, especially on sale, but stacking on top of THAT an even better sequel? Highly recommended."
,Recommended,477740,31629741,Posted: 8 May,all,Naikō,My mind exploded several times during the playthrough of both of these games. I questioned reality as a whole and loved every second of it. Clear recommendation from me. Keep in mind that this is actually two games you pay for - it is worth it.
,Recommended,477740,30727401,Posted: 25 March,all,Lord Crocosquirrel,"So... The Nonary Games.Aksys and Spike have done a fine job getting these to us, in one of the best port-jobs I've ever seen. The critter with the biggest changes, of course, is 9 hours, 9 Persons, 9 Doors. Not as much for Virtue's Last Reward, but there have been some updates there as well.First, 999: Gone is the split-screen interface that nearly no one paid attention to except for the last puzzle. 999 has been re-engineered for VLR's interface with 999's artwork, and it looks fantastic. More to the point, we now see little bits of animation here and there where it simply wasn't possible in the alloted space on the NDS cartridge. Same of the single save slot, which has been expanded by the Power of Proper Computers to 30, and the inclusion of voice acting during Novel sections. They also cleaned up the script to make it flow better, and so a solid re-entry all the way around.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cm2LrwkpumQThen, Virtue's Last Reward... What can I say here? Seeing Zero Jr. in all his rabbit-y glory on a screen that's not 5.5"" was a treat all by itself. The same 30 slots for saves, and again cleanup, some limited remodeling and re-animating of characters makes this port of the Vita edition a thing of great beauty. The controls didn't transfer as well, but that's what I get for being a mousey-keyboard semi-purist.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owUpakFpd7wFinally, some other bits before I go. Spike did us a solid bringing these games back in this fashion, so if you like the games, then show your support. They even added the much-needed timeline into 999, which I'm sure was no small feat. I'm  giving this a recommend, not because fanboy (although I am guilty as charged), but because Spike Chunsoft delivered on two games that would have been much cheaper consigned to the rubbish bin of video game history.Is it worth $45 US? I think so, but then I tend to go looking for games like this. If you're a hardcore CoD/Battlefield/Sports gamer, then this might not your cuppa tea. Your mileage may vary.What will come of this series after this? Likely nothing, as there are no more games planned. That said, I can maybe see where there might be space for some demented puzzle game down the ""good"" line traipsing away from Zero Time Dilemma..."
,Recommended,477740,33043332,Posted: 30 June,all,Qlonoa,"This game surpasses all my expectations. I completed it 100% in 2 days because I was so addicted to it. Honestly, I was startled with how the game was done. Everything was perfect. From the characters to the complexity of the plot. At first you may think: ""These characters have nothing to do with each other and wtf are they doing here?"" But as the story progresses, everything becomes clear. I had so much fun playing it. The interactions between the characters, the thoughts of the main character, the ""escape the room"" scenes, all the mysteries... This is definitely a must-play. The best visual novel type game I've played so far, and I doubt anything will be better than Zero Escape. If you played Danganronpa and enjoyed it, you might as well try and play Zero Escape, the main plot is similar (but totally different in some aspects) and if you're looking for a more mature storyline, then Zero Escape is the way to go. 10/10 ♥"
76561198316850127,Not Recommended,477740,30719784,Posted: 24 March,all,Ryo,"This is a difficult review to write because I'm absolutely in love with these two games and have been ever since I first played them many years ago.The problem is not that the games are bad, but that the ports are very shoddy, making the high asking price hard to justify. There has been very little polish put in here. The most notable addition, the new voice track in 999, has such terrible voice acting that you'll soon be searching for the option to mute it. The options themselves are oddly divided between a very primitive launcher and a game menu that is only accessible during the starting screen.999 has been somewhat rewritten to accommodate the lack of a 2nd screen, where you used to have a more traditional narrative taking place. It has been replaced by ""adventure mode"", where characters now speak their largely expositional thoughts out loud, giving way to clunky, unnatural dialogue (which is then made worse by the poor voice acting). There is a ""novel mode"" more closely resembling the VN format of the original, but the game likes to change between it and the adventure mode randomly, with seemingly no way to set it permanently on novel. Novel mode is also not a perfect carbon copy of the original, with much of the new clunky dialogue carrying over from adventure mode. The background CG has notably been reworked (or higher quality assets were retained) giving the game a nice visual facelift, but that is the only thing there is to gain here. They are still prerendered and the quality is less than native 1080p renderings, so it will not look good the higher you set your resolution.As for VLR, while the dialogue and narrative stay very true to the original, this also applies to the visuals. Most of UI elements appear to be ripped directly from the 3DS game, with a mix of very low resolution pixelated menu items. Textures and animations remain completely untouched, and while this level of detail worked wonderfully on a 240p screen, at higher resolutions it resembles an N64 emulator being run at 4K. No one ever intended these assets to be viewed at such high resolutions, and much of the immersion is broken by having such a clear view of how simple everything is.If you're a fan of the series, there is absolutely nothing to see here. You already have the definitive versions of the games to play somewhere else.If on the other hand, you have yet to experience these games and just can't find a 3DS to borrow, then this is a low quality port of an unforgettable journey. Please don't miss it, but you might want to wait for a sale. And run it in a small window."
76561198076552542,Recommended,477740,31467896,Posted: 30 April,all,~Nutkun7993~,"**Spoiler Free Review**Zero Escape series is a series of puzzle-adventure games deverloped by Spike Chunsoft, and written by Kotaro Uchikoshi. Zero Escapes: The Nonary Games packs up with two classic games from its series since 2009 on DS, and 2012 on 3DS. These two games are: Nine Hours, Nine Persons, Nine Doors (2009) and Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward (2012).All Zero Escapes feature nine characters who are kidnapped by an unknown individual refer themselves as ""Zero"". They are forced to play a ""game"" which involve risk and danger. All the participants must do every means necessary to survive the game, even it means ""killing"" people. All the participants will have one thing in common, the bracelet. The bracelets serve as the mean to complete, and win the game. As well as the mean to execute the players, should they lose a game, or violent the rules.=====Nine Hours, Nine Persons, Nine Doors=====Nine Hours, Nine Persons, Nine Doors is the first installment in the Zero Escape series. The game is played similar to visual novel adventure game with puzzle game to solve. The gameplay could be divided into two types: Novel and Escape. Novel is played exactly like the Visual Game. The player assumes the role of a man named Junpei, and progresses through the storyline and converses with other characters. During Novel sections, the player will sometimes be presented with decision options that affect the course of the game such as choosing which door to go with. The decisions made result in one of branching storylines in game, which player will end up with different ending.In between Novel sections are Escape sections, which occur when the player finds themselves in a room from which they need to find the means of escape. These are presented from a first-person perspective, with the player being able to move between different positions in each room. In order to escape, player will need to find various items and clues, then solving puzzles. At some points, the player may need to combine objects with each other to create the necessary tool to complete a puzzle. The non playable character who're teaming up with player will sometimes give a hints when player seems to struggle for too long.Unlike the DS version. The player has access to a flowchart that allows them to immediately revisit or ""jump"" to any previously completed Novel or Escape section without replaying the game from the beginning. This allows the player to transition to an earlier branching point in the story and choose a different option that causes the story to progress in another direction. The PC version now also include voice actors for a game.Story is excellent well written. Every details and lores in this Nine Hours, Nine Persons, Nine Doors game are thoughtfully created to be related to Nonary game or a game of ""9"". The story also gives a sense of horror and gruesome, the fear of finding out the truth/secret behind each door. Although in between hopeless situation, there's relationship and encouragement from characters. This game is the most beautiful, amazing piece of narrative, every moments are memorable, either it's good or bad. On top of it, are the well composed original soundtracks that fit incredibly well within the situations in game.However due to terrible sale of Nine Hours, Nine Persons, Nine Doors in Japan. Because of many complaint about how cruel and gruesome the game was, Spike Chunsoft changed, and tweaked a theme of Zero Escape into new direction, the result was Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward. Including Distrust, the Danganronpa beta game, which was turned into the well known Danganronpa Series nowadays.=====Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward=====Zero Escape: Virtue's Last Reward is the second installment in the Zero Escape series. It follows the storyline after the event of Nine Hours, Nine Persons, Nine Doors. The player now assumes the role of a man named Sigma in this game. The game is played similar to visual novel adventure game with puzzle game to solve. The gameplay could be divided into two types: Novel and Escape, much similar to the first game. In Novel sections, the player advances through the storyline and converses with non-playable characters through visual novel segments. These sections require little interaction from the player other than reading the dialogue and text that appear on the screen. The player may be presented with decision options that affect the course of the game during the Novel section mode such as choosing which door to go with, and a decision option is a prisoner's dilemma-type choice where the player must choose to ""ally"" or ""betray"" the characters they are pitted against.In between Novel sections are Escape sections, which occur when the player finds themselves in a room from which they need to find the means of escape. These are presented from a first-person perspective, with the player being able to change angle, and investigate in each room. In order to escape, player will need to find various items and clues, then solving puzzles. At some points, the player may need to combine objects with each other to create the necessary tool to complete a puzzle. The player receives hints to the puzzle solutions from the game's characters, a more direct hints are received if the player changes the puzzle's difficulty level from ""hard"" to ""easy"".The flowchart in this game is much bigger than the first game. The player has access to a flowchart that allows them to immediately revisit or ""jump"" to any previously completed Novel or Escape section without replaying the game from the beginning. This allows the player to transition to an earlier branching point in the story and choose a different option that causes the story to progress in another direction.Story is excellent well written, and even more big ""twist"" than the first game. The story still gives a sense of horror and gruesome events but not to extent of the first game due to the complaint survey they did in japan. There're more light-headed moment, and a more happy situation in this game, as a characters in game seem to easily adapt into situation unlike the first game. But they don't forget to include the sorrow moment that could easily rival the first game. The story is more well balanced this time. The game also has some of old reuse original soundtracks from the first game, including the large number of new ones. They're all memorable, and they fit the entire theme of Zero Escapes game, including puzzle rooms and an events after them. They manage to keep people excited throughout the whole game with perfect balance in story depiction. Some particular event is simply amazing piece of narrative.In conclusion. Zero Escapes series is very good game. The PC ports are also very well done. With keyboard/mouse support, they also don't forget to include the controller support for preference choice.Since Spike Chunsoft has finally added the first two games into steam, including the third game, Zero Time Dilemma, you better start the series now or miss the entirely masterpiece."
76561198142557826,Recommended,477740,30989110,Posted: 6 April,all,☠Black Knight,"First things first. This is actually two games: 999 and its sequel ""Virtue's Last Reward"". It does not include the third game ""Zero Time Dilemma"". Also keep in mind that atm this is only a review of 999 as I haven't started the sequel yet.REVIEW OF 999___________The characters are fairly well written and no two are really same. The game entertains in two ways. The first is puzzle solving, and the second is mystery. Solving puzzles give you little hints that slowly start to add up. However you cannot solve the mystery in the game with a single playthrough. The game has a total of 6 endings, and each are important to see if you want to get a full idea of what is really going on.All that said though, if you are not a fan of visual novels with some puzzle solving and mystery inbetween, then you will probably not like these games.REVIEW OF VIRTUE'S LAST REWARD________________________An amazing continuation of the original games story. I've been a hardcore gamer for as long as I can remember, and can say with confidence that these games are the best I have ever played. Even for visual novels, very few games go into the level of depth and mystery that this series offers.VLR takes everything from the first game and improves upon it. It does however, have one problem. Unlike 999, which is in 2D, VLR is in 3D. And since the game was originally meant for the DS... it's 3D is ugly and off putting, at least at first. Once you get past the animation though and get a few hours into it, the story will have you so wrapped up that it won't even matter."
,Recommended,477740,30766145,Posted: 26 March,all,asymmeris,"I played these games originally on the Nintendo DS and DSi.  Voices for characters were added and the game has improved graphics compared to the old, though the story and dialogue is the same.  It takes a lot of critical thinking, memorization, and mathematics to understand the whole story.  Very much worth the price!! I am so excited that it is now on Steam.Also, get ready for the greatest mind blowing experience with all of these games.  They are so unpredicatable and complex.  If you like escape games, visual novels, and mystery, this is definitely a game for you."
76561198055338667,Recommended,477740,33804440,Posted: 26 July,all,Majima Jeff,"999 is a great game, and so is VLR.If you're a purist, or want to play the game as it was originally intended and in its completely unaltered form, make sure you play 999 on the DS. Don't look into why, just do it. If you find voice acting and having a flowchart to be vital to your experience, then go with the nonary games, but make sure that you play it in ""novel"" mode the entire time, or you'll miss over 3/4 of the text and ruin the experience for yourself.That being said, don't play 999 for its gameplay/puzzles. They are terrible for the most part and essentially solve themselves. Play it entirely for the story.Play VLR for its story and gameplay. Buy this collection for VLR alone if you've chosen to experience the DS version of 999 through *other* methods that I cannot discuss here.Unfortunately, there's not much else to say without getting into spoiler territory. Both are fantastic stories, but only VLR has consistently good puzzles (save for a few). Do play ZTD when you finish VLR, as well."
,Recommended,477740,30715663,Posted: 24 March,all,imsecretlyalien,"10/10. Do not disrespect the Funyarinpa.Also the puzzles and the plot are top notch. If you like story based games with puzzles that make your brain melt and plot twists that will make you question everything you ever thought you knew, this game is for you."
,Recommended,477740,33132443,Posted: 2 July,all,durianBOSS,"Consist of both 999 and Virtue Last Reward.This is one of the best Visual Novel Puzzle game that I have play.Gameplay wise, the puzzle in 999 is more basic and straight forward.In VLR hard mode is much more challenging.Story is good. I shall not spoil it for you but it is quite mind blowing.I started with VLR on PSvita and 999 on Nonary game on PC.999 is quite casual. Puzzles are quite simple and story is decent.Good for casual players and those who are interested in visual NovelVLR is more challenging and therefore more satisfying to beat on Hard mode.Personally I enjoy the VLR story way way more.Summary-good story-simple puzzle-eng/jap voice actingA must buy for Visual novel lovers"
,Recommended,477740,31127706,Posted: 13 April,all,DahGr81,"I hate reading, but the story is sooooooooo engadging and amazing, I've stayed up late at night just to find out more and more. If you love single player games and an amazing story, this is definitely for you!"
,Recommended,477740,30794471,Posted: 28 March,all,LastNonak,"Well, to be honest,this is one of the games that left me completely speechless. Escape-the-room-puzzles in combination with a visual novel. I was really glad, when i heard that this game is going to be released on Steam. Naturally i bought it - and it completely exceeded my expectations.It is one of those games - one of those rare games that made me feel really happy. It`s really difficult to put it into words...Game 1: 999 ~ 16 hours playtimeGame 2: Zero`s Last Reward ~ 30 hours playtime"
,Recommended,477740,30712925,Posted: 24 March,all,Canned Bread,"I've put hundreds of hours into the DS versions of these games. And yes it is TWO FULL LENGTH GAMES if you're wondering about the price. They're fantastic. Storyline and music are the best part, puzzle solving is also really fun, I recommend you get a notepad to use while playing. 10/10 recommend to anyone. Voice actings good too, although it's wierd to hear in 999 after so many playthroughs without it lol"
76561198061752754,Recommended,477740,30833838,Posted: 30 March,all,Daran,Phenomenal game. Interesting story. Intriguing puzzles.It's easily the best visual novel I've ever played.
,Recommended,477740,31617133,Posted: 7 May,all,Lemmingbomb,oh my god
76561198185566357,Recommended,477740,33016002,Posted: 29 June,all,Which Way To The Baby War?,"Some of the most suspenseful, enthralling story-telling I've seen in a series in a long time. Both games constantly had me biting my nails and nearly falling off my couch from nerves. Just finished VLR today, and I can't wait to start ZTD! Edit: This might be an important bit of info; I bought this when it was on sale. I was on the fence deciding whether to buy it or not a few weeks ago, but when the summer sale started and this was discounted? I bought it right away and don't regret it one bit."
76561198125719175,Recommended,477740,30769611,Posted: 27 March,all,renatodepaiva,"This series is simply amazing. The story is deep, the characters are well developed (if you give them time and follow every route) and the jogability is nice. Also, the flow chart system makes doing the other routes a breeze and MUCH more intuitive . It also allows you to know precisely the path you are in at the moment.I've only finished the 1st game but as far as i can tell, the next ones only improve what was already amazing!10/10 recommended if you are a fan of visual novels and mistery stories."
76561198092231043,Recommended,477740,31144656,Posted: 14 April,all,Phillodelphia,"I love this game, It has a really interesting story with really great plot twists. This is not a new Zero Escape game it's a remake of the first 2 games in the series (999 and Virtue's last reward) I recommend if you wanna get into the series start from this game if you didn't got the chance to play either of the 2 games on DS. Some things they improved in this remake is the graphics and they added voice acting to 999 Japanese and English and in VLR for the players in europe added English voice acting, They also added a flowchart in 999 which you can use to jump to any point in the story instead of having to replay the game again and again to get all the endings."
,Recommended,477740,31792714,Posted: 16 May,all,Santy-,Are you a bad enough dude to solve puzzles while you are suffering an existancial crisis due the sheer ammount of twists the games have?
76561198045062838,Recommended,477740,30747008,Posted: 26 March,all,Detective Cawotte,"Okay, now that I finished VLR, let's totally update the review.TL;DR :Lacking as a portage, for 42€ you'd expect nearly a remake. But the games are lenghty ( ~50h in total ) and these stories are ones of the best I have ever played, if not the best ( And trust me, I played a lot of games in my life, I got 253 other games in my steam library alone. ), so if you like great scenarios, it's worth the full price.Cons:- VLR doesn't looks improved, you can see a lot of low-res texture in the environment.- Expensive, the games are becoming old. You'd expect more improvements for 42€, nearly a remake.Pros:+ 999 and VLR on PC, finally !+++ Added voice acting for both 999 and VLR, which is a big thing, this stuff requires a looot of work. The quality of the acting may sounds inequal depending on the characters though.+ New interface for 999, improved sprites, a flowchart.+++ Greath Length ( 50h+ )+++++ AMAZING. STORY. It has everything, it's complex, well-written, has plottwists, is a thriller...This is the point and quality of this game.-->If you like excellent stories, jump on it. Otherwise, you should probably looks for something else than a Visual Novel.<--Full review :As a portage, the game is lacking, while playing VLR, you really feel that it's a game imported from 3DS, blurry/low res textures, the environement may seems a bit empty ( but it fit the atmosphere though ), overall, it may even feel ugly.The nice points are that both 999 and VLR are finally available on Steam, thay they both have English/Japanese voice acting, and 999 has several improvement on its interfaces and sprites. It's decent, but it definitively feels too expensive for 42€ for games released 5 and 8 years ago, at this price, you would nearly expect a remake !But, because there is a but, this is a blue review after all, and now that I finished VLR, I can say that this is was worth every cent.The two games are visual novels. Expect a lot of text, a lot of reading, so, the games are quite lengthy. Took me 30 hours to finish VLR, and if I remember well 999 took around 20/25h. So, for this price, you get quite a lot of content.And then, the story, the ♥♥♥♥ing story. This is the only thing you should care about if you plan to buy it, because when get into the story, the graphics doesn't matter at all anymore.I played 999 on emulator quite a while ago, and waited for this portage to finally play VLR. Back then, 999 already blew my mind, because the scenario was so incredible, and excellent. The premise may looks like Saw for some ( People trapped in a weird place forced to play a sick game ), but it's not a horror game at all. See it as a tense thriller. I can't really talk much about the story, because I believe that the less you know about it, the more you enjoy it.VLR is the sequel of 999, so avoid as much as you can to play it before finishing 999, to avoid any spoiler. I just finished the game and in term of story-telling, it's a masterpiece. It tooks everything that 999 did, and pushed it a step further. The story is written in such way that you couldn't correctly tale it if it wasn't a video game ! They really did an amazing work.I'd like to tale you why this is so good, why you might like or not the scenario, but it would require me to spoil, so, if you like complex and well-written stories, thriller and plottwist, being mindblowed, amazing scenarios... Go for it.Oh, I forgot to mention puzzles, there is a lot of puzzles in these games, some kind of Point'n'click escape room. It's nice, the difficulty is not too hard so don't worry about being stuck. I'm not really talking about it because there isn't much to say and I got only eyes for the story right now."
76561198137177078,Recommended,477740,30793678,Posted: 28 March,all,Super Sonic,I refunded a game just to buy this masterpiece :-)
,Recommended,477740,33144955,Posted: 2 July,all,Shadoque,So I hesitated to buy the game since even in sale it did still coust 31 Euros. After 17 hours I have now completed 999 with all the endings and I can say that it's money well spent! It's a visual novel so there is a lot to read but it's never boring (during the replays you can fast skip through conversations so it doesn't get too annoying) and the puzzles in between mix it up a bit. Those are interesting and neither too easy nor too hard I think. Now the story is the really interesting part: during the game you are able to make decisions and you can follow your progress in a flowchart....you should play all the endings to get the full experience and that works together really great! For each way you gather different information and once you get the real ending it all fits together and makes (somewhat) sense! I was blown away and couldn't stop thinking about the game.....so yeah that's why I write the review. It is maybe a bit pricy compared to other games but I didn't regret it since it was a unique game and an unforgettable experience....can't wait to play through VLR!
,Recommended,477740,33141267,Posted: 2 July,all,HelterSkelter937,engaging visual novelgreat (and i mean really great)story and charactersthese are also 2 games in 1 both were superb999 was short but i also made the mistake of NOT playing the game in Novel Modeoh yeah should you think you will read that much as in other VN's... you wont all characters except the protagonist are fully voiced in Japanese and English and personally i had the impression of watching an interactive animethe puzzles are fair (and i suck at puzzles) but you can definetly hit a wall here from time to time
76561197973956113,Recommended,477740,30780989,Posted: 27 March,all,David Bedlam,"Was ensnared in a death trap with two other people, and if we didn't escape soon we would die an awful death.Spent twenty minutes listening to an interesting story about the history of chemistry instead.10/10 would risk life for trivia again."
,Recommended,477740,30757908,Posted: 26 March,all,Aruz,"This game plays as a visual novel and an ""escape the room"" puzzle and has a very interesting plot (Go into this game without knowing anything about it).While it has multiple endings, getting them doesn't take as long as the first playthrough since you can freely choose where to start from via the Flow menu.Good port, though the game was originally made for handhelds so the graphics are definitely lacking (especially in Virtue's Last Reward which used somewhat below-average 3d models instead of pixel art)."
,Recommended,477740,32104414,Posted: 1 June,all,Makin,"Excellent port, not much else to say. They're still great games."
,Recommended,477740,33165038,Posted: 2 July,all,gay bitch,"holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥what a wild. hard to expain why its good without spoilers about the universe / plot devices the game uses but, if you like lots of twists and mystery pick it up!!"
,Recommended,477740,31241484,Posted: 19 April,all,Mario,"If you want to experience a narrative you've never even dreamt of with a lot of Sci-Fi, Philosophy and real pseudoscience told by very reliable characters this should be your choice. Puzzles can be difficult but there are walkthroughs online, just be sure not to get spoiled as the endings are the connecting parts of the stories."
,Recommended,477740,32768967,Posted: 25 June,all,TintinTim,"One of the best written games ever released.Though the price might be a bit high, it is suprisingly worth it, if you are not bothered by reading a whole bunch of text.If you are here due to the Gameply you might be disappointed, because the so called ""escape sequences"" are basically just a quick distraction from the real story.If you like visual novels there is really no excuse to not play this."
,Recommended,477740,30762701,Posted: 26 March,all,TheGTree,"Definitely pleased with the quality of this port. 999 and VLR are two of my all time favorite games.On your first playthrough, go through it blind. Then I recommend looking up a flowchart that tells you the path to the end. Other than that, do NOT look anything to do with the game up. Don't spoil anything as they have some of the best stories I've ever seen in a game.They've fixed 999 up greatly, giving it a flowchart and allowing you to jump between segments fixes 99% of the problems in the original.Voices seem good enough, if maybe a bit different than I always imagined them.The adventure mode seems to speed things up a bit text wise if you go with adventure mode over novel mode. Definitely nice for a second playthrough, however I think it loses a bit of power for new players who don't go with novel mode and don't get some of the descriptions of whats happening.All in all definitely worth a buy!"
,Recommended,477740,30717748,Posted: 24 March,all,Scott,"So far not disappointed. I've played VLR and ZTD and enjoyed them both immensely, so it's nice to get a chance to play the original game (as well as have VLR on a bigger screen).The original does feel a little bit unpolished, if i'm honest. But i'm sure a few wonky screens and a few pieces of rough art won't detract from the amazing story i've heard so much about.No crashes as of yet, running on maximum settings at 1080p (which seems to be the maximum resolution, I can't go any higher despite having a 4K TV), with an i7 4790k and GTX 1070. I have noticed that the game geems to run in the 50fps range sometimes instead of at 60, which seems to be down to the engine itself. You won't notice with a game like this but it's still a bit strange."
,Recommended,477740,33477012,Posted: 12 July,all,cole roddy,"English and Portuguese reviews below:EnglishJune bit her lip and told me to write a review.So I'm gonna say that this game goes right to the top and it sits right beside The Ace Attorney series. Some people say that Ace Attorney, Zero Escape and Danganronpa games are the holy trinity of visual novels. Well, those people might not be far from the truth. The Nonary Games is really good. And if ever played ""Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney"" and you thought ""I want some more of it"" (like myself), this game is for you.ProTip: make sure you change the game style from adventure to novel right from the start, or you're gonna miss a lot of the story while playing.PortuguêsJune mordeu o lábio e me disse para escrever uma crítica.Então, vou dizer que este jogo vai direto ao topo e fica ao lado da série The Ace Attorney. Algumas pessoas dizem que os jogos Ace Attorney, Zero Escape e Danganronpa são a trindade sagrada das novelas visuais. Bem, essas pessoas podem não estar longe da verdade. O Nonary Games é realmente bom. E se alguma vez jogou ""Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney"" e você pensou: ""Eu quero um pouco mais disso"" (como eu), esse jogo é para você.Dica importante: não esqueça de mudar o estilo de jogo de ""adventure"" para ""novel"" logo no começo, pois senão você vai perder muito da história enquanto joga."
,Recommended,477740,31343970,Posted: 24 April,all,bunny1ov3r,"I've only played the first installment, 999, so far. Although I've had a decent amount of exposure to Japanese VN prior to this, this is my first time playing this particular series, of which I've heard so much about.As far as mechanics go, this port does improve a lot of features from its DS version (as seen from youtube videos), but there are other features that leaves more improvements to be desired. Overall though, it is very playable, and notably the map movement system saves players a lot of time and enables us to skip over already played parts quickly.I bought this game with a fairly low expectation. Two hours in I was expecting only a series of ""escape room"" scenarios like those popular online flash games, connected loosely by a story and the characters. Honestly I would be fine with that, except it ended up being a lot more than that.[MINOR SPOILERS]You know what, Koutarou has done it again. It may be just that I am ""dumb"" when it comes to playing these games, but I'd rather believe otherwise. Even if the big plot twist bomb unfolded in the same way, I was still deeply shocked. He has done it again, what a genius./////VLR is okay on its own but has issues. Still worth a read though."
76561198054715983,Recommended,477740,31445374,Posted: 29 April,all,nofox,"Buy it, buy 10 copies of it, make 10 steam accounts and play through it on all of them. It's that amazing."
,Recommended,477740,31621580,Posted: 8 May,all,Г,"This is the first two thirds of one of the greatest story trilogies in gaming, finally on PC after a long time! 9 Hours 9 Persons 9 Doors (or 999) and Virtue's Last Reward (or VLR) are both amazing Visual Novels, and were critically acclaimed when they first came out. 999 has been remastered with brand-new voice acting and other changes, while VLR hasn't changed much (which is fine, it's already an amazing game as-is). You can choose to have the voices in English (which is fantastically well done and very convincing) or, for those who prefer subs over dubs, the original Japanese audio is available as well.For those who might think the asking price is too high I say, this package includes TWO whole games, both of which have over 80% aggregate scores on Metacritic, and take at minimum 37 hours to beat both, though you're much more likely to spend 55+ (stats pulled from howlongtobeat; for comparison, they say a completionist run of Nier: Automata is around 56 hours).So go on, treat yourself to the story of a lifetime, filled to the brim with Sci-Fi and Pseudoscience, Philosophy and Morality, Horror and Paranoia, Difficult Decisions, and plenty of excellent escape-the-room puzzles along the way, all with mood-setting music. This game will leave you sitting at the edge of your seat at 2:00 in the morning because you just want to know what comes next!"
,Recommended,477740,31333423,Posted: 23 April,all,Trailblazr,999 is a masterpiece. It is one of the best visual novel games.
,Recommended,477740,34091678,Posted: 7 August,all,gravydiggs,"While I enjoyed both 999 and VLR, I would have to say that VLR has been my favorite in the series. 999 is a good introduction to characters and the premise of the nonary games and character Zero, which is adopted in VLR and Zero Time Dilemma.The story in 999 kept me wanting more and striving to get every ending. However, it was frustrating for me because I couldn't jump to points in the narrative to change my decisions. You have to sit through the whole story over again and skip through bits you've already heard. I understand the mechanic, because you need to make some decisions during dialogue which affect what ending you get, but it was still frustrating having to listen to the same beginning of the game over and over again. Granted, there is a feature where you can skip the dialogue, but it isn't as convenient as in VLR.VLR, on the other hand, allows you to skip directly to decision-making points in the game to alter the histories (thanks for the change on that, Spike Chunsoft!). Moreover, the story is much more compelling and kept me on the edge of my seat. The ending could use some work, but I understand why the devs may have left it at such an anti-climactic point.Anyway, go ahead and get this package and play both these games. It provides over 50 hours of content that you won't regret."
,Recommended,477740,33089412,Posted: 1 July,all,üro,Both 999 and VLR are amazing games with really good storyline and fun puzzles. Sometimes the dialogue is a little slow but great games overall.
,Recommended,477740,33936014,Posted: 31 July,all,Oneline,"Memento mori, if the nineth lion ate the sun"
,Recommended,477740,32770823,Posted: 25 June,all,orochi2k,"I receive the message of myself from the past. It tells me to buy this game when it's on sale. So I bought it.Now I found an entire weekend is gone after I barely finished 999! I think I time traveled :3And it's likely there will be another 20 hours ahead to finish VLR.Life is simply unfair, don't you think?"
76561198000139087,Recommended,477740,30827774,Posted: 29 March,all,jOHNOh,10/10 would cry over sudoku again
76561198033683279,Recommended,477740,30763037,Posted: 26 March,all,SATAN,i woke up in a room with no idea what i had done or how i got there.....just like real life10/10 for realism
,Recommended,477740,30829545,Posted: 30 March,all,made in heaven,"Just beat 999, so let me just start and recommend this game for it's sotry, cuz it's great.I, however, feel like it's more important to note the gameplay elemnts of the port, which I am happy to report that theygive very good first impressions. These are puzzle games, story drive, so more likenovel/puzzle games, and they give you many tools to make the experience better. For example, all endings and story paths are presented in the ""flow"" screen, so you can have an idea of how much you want to play, or in case you missed something you didn't know you missed, you will be able to notice. I recommned you go over the internet after finshing all endings, because like in any other novel, there is a LOT of content hidden, and I don't think anyone can find that content other than having luck.Overall, I recommend it very much, especially to those who played the danganronpa ports, and for you who did, I can say I was not impressed by this port, because Spike Chunsoft did an impressive job already in the dangan games, and their skills reflect in here.One thing: I heavily recommend everyone that plays the game to save after a laaarge event or puzzle, because the only flaw to be found in this port, is that it crashes once in a while, and I mean a long while. For me it crashed twice during the 999 playthrough (around 20 hours). I still don't know where the crashed come from, but it was very annoying when I forgot about the crashes towards the end, and had to redo something. Thankfully, the game has a nice feature that I will mention here since it's kind of relatedto the topic, I am talking about the all skill feature. All skip is in the options menu in the start screen, and when the game crashed for the second time, it wasn't too bad to wait (I had a loooot to wait for because I didn't save, like two puzzle sections and a huge exposition event) because it skips all dialogue whether you have seen it or not.edit: omg just beat vlr so good omg"
,Recommended,477740,30792827,Posted: 28 March,all,Nyard,"I have played through both 999 and Virtues Last Reward which are contained in this Remastered Edition on their original platforms the Nintendo DS and 3DS respectively and I have tested the remastered version thoroughly to see if the ports are good. And I can confirm they are, the remastering, added voice acting and the improvements to the graphics and gameplay are all excellent.I recommend this game to you if you enjoyed Danganronpa, Ace Attorney, Steins;Gate or any other visual novel, as well as if you're a fan of complex intricate sci-fi mystery movies about supernatural phenomena or into trhillers about people being locked up and forced to play a game (Saw movies for example).Other than that I wholly recommend these games to two groups of people:1. People who enjoy adventure games with difficult puzzles and/or fans of room escape games (real or virtual) since the main gameplay portion of these games consists of a large variety of creative and engangingly complex room escape puzzles which piece by piece also reveal pieces of the narrative.2. Fans of dark science fiction mystery stories. Not only limitied to anime fans or to visual novel fans but everyone who can see themselves enjoying a celebral emotional and dark experience. The story is amazing in these games and since it makes up more than 50% of the time playing the game it better be. This is one of the most fascinating gamestories I have ever witnessed.But if you are neither one of the two groups, I still would dare you to at least look into it a bit, since it can not be overstated how great these games are. They are hidden gems.These games are much more than it seems on surface level. While playing you continuosly switch between novel sections and escape room section. While the novel sections consist of voice acted dialogue with the memorable cast and progresses the main chunk of the story the escape rooms are fully controlled by yourself wile you find clues and items and try to find the exit out of the room which mostly involves intricate puzzle solving and whole bunch of flexing your brain muscles. Sometimes you will find interesting information or items that relate to the main story during these escape room sessions.One of the main appeals of the game is deciding where to go or what to do which will significantly impact your story. The game has multiple endings and in order to get the full story you need to try to get them all and sooner or later you will uncover the truth. Helping with this is the addition of a timeline-tree on which you can jump around between the different decisions, this was added in this remastered version for 999 (and has always been there for VLR).This game will be one of the most engaging, emotional and suspenseful experiences you can hope for in a story, as you struggle together with the amazing other characters that are trapped alongside you and try to escape the nonary games."
,Recommended,477740,32631710,Posted: 21 June,all,Roamin,"I've played these games before on DS and 3DS, they're great games if you like story and puzzles surrounding a murder mystery. Is it worth $40? I don't really think so. I got it because of the added Japanese voice acting for the game 999 in particular. If you are the type that thinks about plot holes too much, it could sway your opinion of the title, but I really enjoyed it. Wait for a sale.Edit:-A change in 999 from DS to PCOne of the puzzles had been completely changed in the port. Without going into spoilers, I was okay with it at first, but reflecting on it, it felt as though it was insulting my intelligence-- not just my intelligence but a child's intelligence. Imagine a word with one character replaced with a number, and without looking for more than a second, you knew exactly what word it was spelling. This makes any remaining numbers or letters inside the cells above have almost no use or meaning. Afterwords, imagine having all the pieces of a hidden puzzle, and nowhere have you been given an extra password to fill in this box. It wasn't a problem that existed in the original, but perhaps since it was a popular puzzle, the developers maybe assumed it could easily be done by anyone at ANY age in a given TIME LIMIT."
76561198327246128,Recommended,477740,33866364,Posted: 28 July,all,Jared,"Love this series, VLR's story got a little strange near the end but great games regardless"
76561198095713747,Recommended,477740,33241961,Posted: 4 July,all,Alowishus Devadander Abercrombie,"A lot of reading, a lot of puzzles.If you like those things you should buy this game, also if you like dangan ronpa you should buy this game.edit:Okay so the first game's pretty straight foward, pretty interesting, blah blah blahThe second game IS BS. If you like frustrating stories and characters then hoowee VLR is for you.  ♥♥♥♥ you K, and ♥♥♥♥ you too Quark. You know what just ♥♥♥♥ everyone i guess9/10 big fan of zero escape"
76561198040727494,Recommended,477740,31903288,Posted: 22 May,all,INukeDogs,"Absolutely amazing games, well written stories that culminate in mind boggling endings that will truly leave an impression on you."
76561198073688503,Recommended,477740,33975883,Posted: 2 August,all,cESAR,"2 absolute masterpieces in 1 package, if you are capable of playing through a visual novel buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's a crime that these games don't receive as much recognition as they deserve."
,Recommended,477740,30803134,Posted: 28 March,all,hfz,Dio did nothing wrong.
,Recommended,477740,30863504,Posted: 31 March,all,Zero fun dilemma,I'd play it in an alternate timeline too
76561198025393636,Recommended,477740,34476566,Posted: 25 August,all,DNI_R,"Two good VN games with some unfortunate issues that hold them down from being really incredible.Starting with 999 i found it quite disappointing. The writing is inconsistent - some parts are very tense, others don't fit at all: jokes that just don't work, huge info dumps out of nowhere and ridiculous fictional story bits that you can't take in seriously. Characters are mostly bland too and the true ending doesn't really explain all that much in the end, so you are left wondering what the hell really happened.Puzzles are fun enough for player to rest a bit from all the reading, they aren't too tough if you search for a challenge though.Navigating through the novel in the remastered version was made to be especially easy and fun, so in order to reach new routes and all endings, you don't need to replay any puzzle or to start the game from the very beginning several times. Voiced lines for the characters also is a fantastic addition.Virtue's Last Reward fixes the problem of previous game with incosistent writing. What you will get is some of the most incedible writing i've seen in gaming with an ending that will literally blow you away with how smart it really is. The concepts that are presented in the game are more or less believable and there are no more ridiculously unbelievable tonal jumps.The problem is the very tedious way you will have to take in order to reach that satisfying ending. Different routes have too much of the same story bits and walls of the same text and going through all of them sometimes really bored me. You can use ""text skip"" function to go faster through the parts that you've already read, but it's not the most comfortable tool to make use of. The game literally is too long to remain enjoyable in all its routes and things like unskippable map travels just waste your time.Even with their flaws, these are enjoyable visual novels with a bit of puzzle solving for variety reasons. The story that is presented in both games is pretty interesting and have some clever ideas that you'll soon be checking on google to find if they really exist (and for the most part they do except some really ridiculous ones).But as i mentioned, inconsistent writing in 999 and tedious structure of the game in VLR stops me from recommending this bundle to everyone. Still if you enjoy twisted, clever stories you should give these games a try, just don't expect a masterpiece like many people suggest that these games are, have moderate expectations and you might have some incredible time with these two games."
,Recommended,477740,31378921,Posted: 26 April,all,Seasoned Wanderer,"Beat VLR on a PS VIta as I got to try the game out with GameFly (Yeah I know right) Then I saw that it was a sequel but I did not own a DS so I just finished VLR. Then Zero Time Dilemma came out and I saw steam also put this on and I took that chance to grab this combo pack of the visual novel series to beat 999 for the first time and VLR again. I am not disapointed, it is still a wonderful series. Suspense story with nice twists and turns. Nice diffculty on puzzles. Great characters.I would recommend if you are into Novel style games with nice puzzles. I got 14ish hours off of 999 and only looked up 2 puzzles. The first and last. Reason I didnt think on the first one and the last one was glitched and I kept having to enter the solution again and again for some reason."
76561198132199095,Recommended,477740,33708903,Posted: 21 July,all,Kuro★,"Overall, I'd put Zero Esczpe: The Nonary Games a 9/10If you're a fan of Visual Novels, Puzzle games, Mystery games, and/or heavy narrative games, You likely will like these games a lot. (TL/DR)As for 9 Persons 9 Hours 9 Doors I'd give it a 8/10.I originally played this one to completion on the DS. I loved it! The puzzles well thought out, it fit the tone of each area of the game. The story, being trapped on a ship with 8 other people and slowly piecing together why each person is there and how to escape (Preferrably with as many people as possible), was a great concept as a narritive visual novel. As for this version of the game, I love the voice casting for this one a lot, I appriciate that the voice actors voiced all of the lined of dialouge outside of the escape sections, just like VLR and ZTD. The improved UI, but most importantly (Especially if you intend on running through all of the endings) is the inclusion of the flowchart introduced in Virtue's Last Reward. (I think) they changed several lines of dialouge from the original, (or I SHIFTed to a universe where the dialouge is initially different), but I suppose doesn't matter overall.Virtue's Last Reward... I think it's a 10/10I LOVED that game, perhaps it was the inclusion of more psuedoscience, more quantum physics/ quantum mechanics, paradoxes, and much more difficult puzzles than the first, accompanied by the same intriguing premise, being trapped, and needing to escape. However, the most intriguing part of VLR (In My Opinion) is the inclusion of the Ambidex Game. The Ambidex Game is a simple voting game based off of The Prisoner's Dilemma. I think this one improved so much over the first."
76561198118598705,Recommended,477740,33802195,Posted: 25 July,all,nightxninja911,Absolutely phenominal. I love the story so much. It gave me literal shivers down my spine. I recommend playing in Visual Novel mode however because it narrarates extra things that advanced mode doesn't pick up. Literally the best visual novel I have ever played.Also has Clover 10/10.
,Recommended,477740,33823459,Posted: 26 July,all,BenjaminKurwaGal,"The most exciting and sophisticated Visual Novel I've ever played.Filled with amazing plot twists which connect the story seamlessly.I give this game a 10 out of ""Kyu""."
,Recommended,477740,33380318,Posted: 8 July,all,Calm_Cloud,"Having played 999 on ds and VLR on vita, I am already a huge fan of it's crazy plot, definitely a game series that leaves you mind ♥♥♥♥ed for a bit and makes you want to come back for more.Anyway, looks fab! The update to 999 is awesome and having the voice acting is great! Have played with the English, but will of course have to give the Japanese ago, for my own weebness. The puzzles are great and the plot is something you will never have experienced before. If you are a fan of Danganronpa or any muder mystery VN give it ago you won't regret it.The fact this bundle has both 999 and VLR you are in for a serious treat! They really are both high tier visual novels with a well thoughtout plot and one that will keep you guessing. If you aren't familar to VNs you may find it hard to get into, I remember first playing 999 and struggling, but stick with it you will be treated with a series with some serious wows and wdfness."
,Recommended,477740,33759945,Posted: 23 July,all,z7xfla,"This is definitely a recommended purchase; when you buy this bundle, you are receiving two of the most mind-blowing adventures you will ever play through.  Both games feature an overarching theme of multiple timelines, as well as the question of what would happen if one could access infomation from these sorts of parallel universes.  The entire Zero Escape storyline is a classic tale that will certaily withstand the test of time, and it is the type of story that is best left unspoiled.  The best thing to do is to go in blind and let the mysteries be discovered on your own.Since this is the first time either of these games have been released on a platform other than a handheld, they have been adequately optimized for multiple types of HD displays.  999 in particular has been given a fine-tuned remaster, with crisp HD artwork and solid voice acting for all of the characters.  To sum it all up, this bundle is well worth the price, regardless of whether or not it's on sale."
76561198125602661,Recommended,477740,32933291,Posted: 28 June,all,H3llBag,Really good games more peopleneed to do it and discover this game!! Thanks for adding flow chart on the 1st game!
,Recommended,477740,31796550,Posted: 16 May,all,Jakkkane,"2 portable games well ported eventhough some bugs had to be fixed after the release.The  999:Nine Hours, Nine Persons, Nine Doors PC remaster with voice acting, in-game timeline that included hints to the true ending. Zero escape: Virtues last Reward was more fun with well thought out achievements and non-linar gameplay.Both game have well writen narative section with properly chalanging puzzles. Contoler interactions were intuitive and compatible with keyboard and mouse nicely and didn't feel out of place. Would recommend if you enjoy both game included grab Zero Escape: Time Delema and finish the series."
,Recommended,477740,33273793,Posted: 5 July,all,globalmatador,"The puzzles are flawed, the dialogues are sometimes hard to handle, but it's also a milestone in storytelling. I highly recomend it to anyone thats interested in interactive fiction."
76561198065893087,Recommended,477740,33567371,Posted: 15 July,all,Shania,"I didn't know what to expect when I bought the Nonary Game pack, I mostly wanted to see why the reviews were so high from the public at over 90%...I'm so glad I decided to play these two games! The mix of puzzle rooms that actually make you think, the in-depth story and well-made characters that you'll find clues and subtle hints about during the story kept the excitement up the entire time. The sci-fi twists and nods to theories from fiction books and scientific theories began to make sense as you delve deeper into the game, and overall it made for an entertaining and fun experience.I highly recommend the game to any puzzle, sci-fi or story-themed game enthusiasts and can't wait to play Zero Time Dilemma!"
,Recommended,477740,30780594,Posted: 27 March,all,Sirlion,"Well, what can I say that has not been said yet? Pretty much nothing. It's 999 9 Hours 9 Persons 9 Doors + Virtue's Last Reward ported over to Steam \ PC at a decent resolution and with flowchart for both, english and japanese voice acting with really good quality in both compartments, and overall a faithful recreation of old assets where needed.As a big fan of the series I wholeheartedly encourage newcomers to try it and see for themselves why this is one of the best stories told in videogames and easily a contender for one of the most underrated series of all time.The only negatives I could think about are 2:1 - Resolution of the sprites in 999. Really, no excuses there. They have to patch them in some way, at 1920x1080 the scaled edges are unbearable to look at sometimes.2 - 999's final puzzle. Again, there was no excuse to not include the original in some form. I was pretty disappointed by that choice, but ultimately I can live with that.The rest is top quality. Buy without fear."
,Recommended,477740,34208470,Posted: 13 August,all,Monokuma,"If you like puzzle games, vizual novels and drama/murder mystery this game is right down your alley. Great game for those interested in the genre."
,Recommended,477740,34782019,Posted: 6 September,all,Swaggmuffin,"If your still trying to decide if to get this, Get it it is well worth the money i'd even pay more. 10/10 perfect games"
,Recommended,477740,35187895,Posted: 24 September,all,DDRJake,Still a great game.  There are some finer points missing from the 999 experience which seem to have been lost in translation into a voiced piece but this is still a fantastic game.
,Recommended,477740,35199060,Posted: 25 September,all,neqor,"I've put 45 hours into these two games and I can honestly spend more, it was worth every penny and I don't regret buying this on a whim at all. They're amazing games and I would honestly 100% reccomend them. I did have trouble getting used to the fact they changed styles of the games but it was charming after a little while, and I loved them so much. If you're debating buying these because they're your style of game, please do!"
,Recommended,477740,31121100,Posted: 13 April,all,The Bringer of Honey,"As a fanatic of intricate mystery plots, both 999 and Virtue's Last Reward are masterpieces of interactive storytelling in my mind.999 is a non-stop thrill ride with insane twists and turns that amount to a complete mind♥♥♥♥ that really takes a while to absorb and warrants a second playthrough. Characters are a major strength. The voice acting ranges from good to fantastic and the art is pretty good for this type of game. The puzzles are decent, but not that great.VLR tones down some of the tension and takes a bit longer to develop, but manages to tell a grand tale that encompasses so many elements it's unbeliavable how well it all comes together. It takes the mindscrew of 999 and multiplies it by threefold. The voice acting is good, but the character models and animations are slightly underwhelming. Still doesn't detract from the stellar writing and fantastic puzzles though."
,Recommended,477740,31447814,Posted: 29 April,all,PerfectKamui™,"999 is a masterpiece, VLR is great."
,Recommended,477740,30937525,Posted: 4 April,all,[USF4] ricky,One of the greatest series ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197995696359,Recommended,477740,30997815,Posted: 7 April,all,Kane,"999 is pretty good, VLR is great."
,Recommended,477740,31596320,Posted: 6 May,all,MysticLilium,Great story and plot twistsUnique puzzles
76561198344310117,Recommended,477740,33718039,Posted: 22 July,all,PussCat,"Zero Escape: Nine Hours, Nine Persons, Nine Doorsalso simply call as 999, is the first entry of the Zero Escape trilogy, the next two respectively being Virtue's Last Reward and Zero Time Dilemma.The Nintendo DS version, the first version of the game, was developed by Chunsoft and published in Japan by Spike on December 10, 2009, and in North America by Aksys Games on November 16, 2010. On March 24, 2017, Zero Escape: The Nonary Games, a bundle pack containing a remastered version of 999 with voice acting and a port of Virtue's Last Reward was released for the PlayStation Vita / PlayStation TV, PlayStation 4 and PC.SynopsisThe story follows Junpei, a college student who is abducted along with eight other people and forced to play the ""Nonary Game,"" which puts its participants in a life-or-death situation, to escape from a sinking cruise liner. The gameplay alternates between two types of sections: Escape sections, where the player completes puzzles in escape-the-room scenarios; and Novel sections, where the player reads the game's narrative and makes decisions that influence the story, making it branch into six different endings. The whole plot is not revealed in just one playthrough; the player has to reach the one ""true"" ending to get all the information.Pro+Enganging story narative+plot twist and revelation (espescially for who played it blinded)+many puzzle room that interactive+the character is well develop+have VA for remasted edition+the 2 style choice to see the story (visual and ADV style)Min-there is 1 or 2 puzzle that have difficulty spike-the music is not quite bland-the core theme is not quite explainedMixed=the last room puzzle to the true end is differ from DS=heavy plot exposition in the last run=plotholeas a game, is has a profound story and many funny scene (recommend atcargo room, check junpei face card for hilariousy comment)i give 8/10P.S i hope your brain ready for some math puzzleTO BE CONTINUED ON VIRTUE LAST REWARD"
,Recommended,477740,33588258,Posted: 16 July,all,Kynako,Really well made game!100/10!Would recommend!
76561198097727278,Recommended,477740,33970382,Posted: 2 August,all,Azure,I have been a big fan of visual novels for a while now. The 07th expansion works [Higurashi no Naku Koro ni &  Umineko no Naku Koro ni] really added a lot to my interest in the genre.The Nonary Games is a fantastic bundle with games that are both fun to play and very entertaining in the story department. Any fan of puzzle games and visual novels should give it a shot. Even people looking for a great story should give this a look. It has the makings of a good “starter” visual novel. I can’t suggest it enough.
76561198132245418,Recommended,477740,30732959,Posted: 25 March,all,Sky Spyer,"Defintley recommended. Steam is the one way to play all three Zero Escape games, and after having played similar visual novels with plottwists like these, it's so very worth it to buy these games, as their plottwists are the most jarring and unexpected.999 has voice acting now, and combined with the HD art, it's fantastic! You can play with either a keyboard and mouse, or just the mouse, or with a controller!Oh, there are two problems I have. The first is that in 999, Junpei's eyes aren't appearing on the ""Seek a Way out!"" screen. Please let me know if you have this problem too. The first time I did the first escape room, his eyes appeared. But now, no matter what I restart, the route, game, computer, Junpei's eyes don't appear and it's just a blue bar followed by ""Seek a Way Out!"" without his eyes.The other problem I have is that there's an ""Auto"" setting that makes the game autoscroll after characters finish their dialogue, so you don't have to click. But in my game, it ends a voice line and dialogue scroll, then waits about 4 seconds before going to the next bit of dialogue. Unless it's a ""Huh?"", it takes way too long to scroll. I think this also only happened after I did the first escape room. Does anyone else have these problems?"
,Recommended,477740,32330436,Posted: 10 June,all,gay ass,you dont get to see phi in a swimsuit as promised game sucks
76561198060946700,Recommended,477740,30835458,Posted: 30 March,all,Medusa seducer,haha math is fun
,Recommended,477740,30839589,Posted: 30 March,all,Bryan,It's just an incrdible game and one of the best visual novels avaliable
,Recommended,477740,31792368,Posted: 16 May,all,Paradox,"Pretty good gameEven if they changed the end of 999 because they takee u for a retard,but they added the flowchart so you don't have to do the game 5 ♥♥♥♥ing timeso it's ok, still pretty good, pretty good english voice acting, and play the game."
,Recommended,477740,31162514,Posted: 15 April,all,Bahadir,"Not as breathtaking as Danganronpa, but the story is incredibly intense! Good thing is the flowchart, where you can jump to any scene instead of replaying the entire game from the beginning and there's a subtle thing I like very much:When the text is not dubbed, it just plays some different toned beeps depending on the actual or characteristic voice, which reminded me of Sword of Mana... <3What's not good is, that the game crashes when the Steam Overlay gets used or a message from SO comes in."
76561198072026241,Recommended,477740,33717602,Posted: 22 July,all,Cyral Drive,Yes
,Recommended,477740,31722104,Posted: 13 May,all,Devilfish,10/10 would ally again
76561198164255767,Recommended,477740,31333644,Posted: 23 April,all,Mono Monoko,I am emotionally exhausted after playing these games.999/10
76561198374262408,Recommended,477740,31009401,Posted: 7 April,all,crashkeys,"An extremely complexing and enthralling character design, and story plot - couldn't have expected less from Uchikoshi! The games were most definitely enhanced from the first releases of 999 and VLR from the voice acting (which were I believe were both excellently done in both English and Japanese), and minor bug fixes. If you've played these games before, I very much doubt you'll be disappointed!"
,Recommended,477740,30801052,Posted: 28 March,all,maikeruu,"good as hell man, would recommend"
76561198013022995,Recommended,477740,30723788,Posted: 25 March,all,Homuhomu,"Very slick port and worth the wait, full 1080p, full voiceacting with quality Jap dub available (999 used to have no dubs at all), controls very well with mouse and keyboard (well just mouse mostly, like any PC native VN).And of course, the underlying story, gripping and thrilling throughout.I've played 999 a long time ago with an emulator, so I had no interest in revisiting it after knowing some key spoilers.However, even just playing VLR for a few hours was worth the money. I must say this game truly truly does the 'choice and consequence' concept justice, by a simple application of the prisoner dilemma, this game presents the most painful choices I have ever faced in a video game before. There were some times where it physically hurted to click a button, because of how well written the characters and story was."
,Recommended,477740,33971083,Posted: 2 August,all,Muparity,"After more 70 hours of gameplay , I must say this one is rather interesting and thrilling.Disclaimer : Just a short notice , don't forget this game includes 2 games which both are remastered.One is ''9 Persons 9 Hours 9 Doors'' and the other one is ''Virtue's Last Reward'' I will review both of them seperately...Oh and I will tell the beginning of the games a little bit.(For review purposes)999:Story : You have been kidnapped by an individual calls himself/herself as ''Zero'' to be part of a gamecalled as ''Nonary Game''. After you passed out from a white smoke you inhaled , you wake up in a cabin room in a ship. You solve your first puzzle and get to the central staircase of the ship and find 8 more strangers woke up in different cabins that is participants of the Nonary Game like you too. When everyone groups up , Zero makes an announcement ;''Welcome aboard. I welcome you all, from the bottom of my heart, to this, my vessel. I am ''Zero''... The captain of this ship. I am also the person who invited you here. I mean to have you participate in a game. Some of you, I know, are familiar with this game. The ''Nonary Game''. It is a game...where you will put your life on the line. The rules of the ''Nonary Game'' can be found upon your persons. They are simple rules. Read them. There is one last thing I must tell you. Asyou have no doubt surmised, this ship has begun to sink. On April 14th, 1912...the famous ocean liner Titanic crashed into an iceberg. After remaining afloat for 2 hours and 40 minutes, it sank beneath the waters of the North Atlantic. I will give you more time. 9 hours. That is the you will begiven to make your escape. Now, it is time. Let our game begin. I wish you all the best of luck. ''So you have 3 purposes in this game ;1-Learn the Nonary Game's purpose.2-Find out who ''Zero'' is.3-EscapeRemember even a ''4-leaf clover bookmark'' can change the history completely.Gameplay:The gameplay is divided into to sections ;1-Novel2-PuzzleIn novel you get the chance to listen to this remastered English dubbed sounds and go deeperin the story... Novel section can change modes  anytime in game with Novel And Adventure modes.In puzzle part you have to solve the room puzzle to escape from the room you trapped in and to continue to play the game. All of the room puzzles are unique and you have to play the game more than one time to solve all of the puzzles.Interesting enough all of the puzzle's are related to the truth behind the Nonary Game , so good luck about that. Lastly since it is a part of the gameplay I must tell you about the flowchart system and music... Musics are well...Not bad.Now about flowchart system...If you basically completed a novel section or complete the room puzzle until that part of the game you can access to that part without playing the game from thebeginning again thanks to the flowchart.VLR:Story: In this 2nd game of the series plot twists  get incredibly interesting.You are going to play as Sigma. A common 22 years old college student that is shooting for a PHd degree. You wake up inan elevator with somebody calls himself as Phi . After you escape from the elevator you find  7 more people just like in the first game but in this game the one who abducted you calls himself as''Zero III'' . As you will see in the game Zero III is an AI so that means the real Zero is one of you.But Why would Zero himself play the game ? Why Sigma doesn't have a voice ? What about Zero II ? You will learn all this by of course playing this game so I won't give any spoilers other than this hints to not ruin this game for you.Gameplay and Music : Since there isn't much change in the gameplay i can't state much mechanics in the game I am truly sorry. About the music part though the game has someimprovements.In the end , these games is worth the money and a must have for all visual novel and mystery lovers.Average point for the both games is total is :92/100"
,Recommended,477740,30712162,Posted: 24 March,all,ekrow,zero snails in this one
76561198192233706,Recommended,477740,30972495,Posted: 5 April,all,codenameck,"Fantastic game! Definetely recommend it for people who enjoy RPG / puzzle / multiple ending styles of games. The artwork is great, the storyline is great, and it keeps you guessing. The puzzles are fun and challenging while not being repetitive."
,Recommended,477740,30859142,Posted: 31 March,all,Strelok,June is best.I would gladly stay stuck in a freezer again with such a top tier waifu.
76561198041330288,Recommended,477740,30887300,Posted: 1 April,all,Maxx Saigen,"Wonderful port, wonderful games."
,Recommended,477740,30746434,Posted: 26 March,all,retsmot,"this package contains 2 games, they are both great.999 : in this game, we learned something bout digital having roots. like those trees outside, except digital, i guess.VLR : this one is a documentary about multi colored doors, and you watch them open and close all the time. fascinating.overall a very good 2 pack visual novel game thats well worth the price."
,Recommended,477740,30969158,Posted: 5 April,all,andrewfen29,Addition- the game
,Recommended,477740,30932353,Posted: 3 April,all,D☆,It's like the Dark Souls of visual novels.
,Recommended,477740,34741597,Posted: 4 September,all,Tonballsy,Clover is best waifu.
76561198018083635,Recommended,477740,33469434,Posted: 11 July,all,Toph,Excellent series.
76561197998825270,Recommended,477740,30831267,Posted: 30 March,all,The Dorf,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eYF_5l-r9vk
,Recommended,477740,30722377,Posted: 25 March,all,minish,"haven't played through much of it yet, but 999 seems to be completely revamped. mouse works a hella lot better than the ds stylusill update this review when i finish 999 but for now i strongly recommend"
,Recommended,477740,32863062,Posted: 27 June,all,Kazuhira Martinz,Bretty gud
,Recommended,477740,30717894,Posted: 24 March,all,Momentanius,I can finally play the famous elevator scene on my PC. And it has voice acting. SO GOOD
,Recommended,477740,32640158,Posted: 22 June,all,eggfillet,Watching doors open and close is great! 10/10
76561198167758862,Recommended,477740,30790789,Posted: 28 March,all,soyatjon,"I don't know what else to say, this game is just great."
76561198046077142,Recommended,477740,33003633,Posted: 29 June,all,Revels,One of the best games ever created.
,Recommended,477740,30783588,Posted: 27 March,all,vngnc,"Morphogenetic field, huh?"
,Recommended,477740,30732249,Posted: 25 March,all,Treko,"Awesome game, just amazing"
,Recommended,477740,30712153,Posted: 24 March,all,Poppin' Bubble,"Awesome game, finally on steam. Crashed after 15 minutes though."
76561198029445296,Recommended,477740,30720002,Posted: 24 March,all,ColdBlood,"Totally worth the full price, just buy it !"
76561197970535484,Not Recommended,477740,30722584,Posted: 25 March,all,Commissar Bear,"Play 999 on an actual DS because this 'port' does not do it any justice, in fact it ruins what is one of the greatst uses of hardware for story telling in video games. I cant believe how badly handled this was. I cant say more with out spoiling a truly great piece of story telling, if you know what im talking about you have no reason to play this, if you dont know what im talking about go grab the game on DS and experience it properly.SPOILERS YOU HAVE BEEN WARNEDIm not just talking about the final puzzle of the game, im talking about the fact that the bottem screen is Akane from the past and the top screen is Junpei in the present, that meaning is entierly lost if you play the game in adventure mode, and the fact that something is going on is made way to obvious by the ability to switch to novel mode. as well as novel mode being quite intrusive having the text just dumped on the screen like some visual novel backlog instead of being cleanly integrated. When you come to this realisation at the end of the game, to me this is one of the greatest moments in a video game and such a fantastic use of a specific piece of hardware to tell a story. That is totaly lost in this version."
,Not Recommended,477740,31111428,Posted: 13 April,all,cheshire.panther,"DUUH.Ok, as you might or might not know this is actually two games for a price of one. Both games are quite old and one of them was released in 2009 which makes it ancient by modern standards. So it is a remake, and in case of 999 it is actually a remake of a remake which fixed a lot of stuff compared to the DS.I was never a fan of VN genre and my attempts to play some of the games that are considered as 'the best' (like Saya no uta or Ever 17) never succeeded mostly due to how fucling mindbogglingly BORING the whole process was. In case of Ever 17, as I recall, in first 10 hours game did not even manage to introduce all of the characters. What is this I don't even.Now I know the games are amazing and you spend sleepless nights playing them, yada yada, nobody fucling cares, this is review from VN hater for VN haters who are wondering if the game would be right for them. Well, yes and no.--- 999 ---I used to play 999 on DS because everybody around me could not shut up how OH MY GOD FUCLING GREAT AND AMAZING this game was, and it was a mixed experience. As I understand it was one of the first developer attempts into VN.999 is a part VN, part adventure game. VN part is not very long, it has maybe 2 or 3 forks and three endings. Every ending would take you about a hour, maybe two. I love how short it is. A proper VN should never be more than 10 hours long, top.What is really good is that it has so called ""Adventure Mode"" that cuts all of the useless♥♥♥♥♥♥ Adventure mode is a blast. Some fanboys would scream that you should not play this mode because it does not have a proper CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT and STORY DETAILS, and you know what, I played original 999 and I can certainly say that absolutely zero value was lost.As for the character development and story, well it certainly can impress you if you, well, have never watched a single movie or read a book, I dunno. The only good thing I can say about the story is that it does not suck. I guess the bar was really set low if this achievement can really impress anyone.Some of the complains I have are mostly related to pacing, I don't like how puzzle sequences go after one another, I would prefer them to be splited by story sequence. Also all bad endings are waaay rushed. You barely started to follow story and BAM you are dead, game over.--- VLR ---Just when the things are starting to look good, VLR comes.I hate every second of VLR. First of all, it is way to long. 30 hour is an overkill. Especially given that the game has like 20 minute of actual content and the rest is filled with usual VN fillers and♥♥♥♥♥♥ You can literally cut off 99% of the game and it would be THE SAME FUCLING STORY.The puzzles are really bad compared to 999. They are so boring and unimaginative that at some point I just gave up and went to gamefaqs only to not waste my time on 100500th number puzzle. The characters were a joke. There were maybe a couple of barely developed characters and the rest of the cast was a cardboard fest. The funniest part is that two of 999 characters were completely OOC, especially Clover.  I found that characters that had the least info and dialog actually turned to be the most interesting just because authors have no clue how to write a proper character background.Writing was awful. If you want a good writing go play Planescape Tornment. VLR writing felt like a bad Sonic fanfic written by 7 y old.Apparently this game has a sequel called ZTD that is generally considered to be worse than VLR. Seriously. Worse.VLR was so bad that I refunded ZTD just to avoid 30 more hours of this holocaust of wasted time.So, no, this is not a good game to introduce you to the VN genre. This is not a good game, well 999 kinda is, but I don't think bundled VLR will  justify the purchase."
76561198103426983,Not Recommended,477740,31582199,Posted: 6 May,all,aybd28,"This must be one of the most boring games I have ever played. Lots of stupid, inane conversation and very little action."
,Not Recommended,477740,30713900,Posted: 24 March,all,Lee,the arts are quite bad really. Maybe they should have increased the price a bit and polish it further.
76561197993389388,Recommended,477740,30805269,Posted: 28 March,all,Harkon,"WARNINGThese games have ALOT of repetitive scenes.You will watch the same damn door open up infinity +1 times, you will see dots moving though hallways for a solid 10% of your gametime. You will shake your fists in anger as you are forced to watch the same cutscenes over and over with often little to no variation.And you will do it willingly because you HAVE TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS NEXT. The story so good you will willingly put yourself into a Skinner box just to get the next morsel of it.But being in a Skinner box isn't so bad at least your not Schrodinger's Cat..."
,Recommended,477740,30824869,Posted: 29 March,all,[DoD] KatButt,"It's like Saw, but with a better story line. Like, I'm willing to pit Zero and Jigsaw in a fist fight, I bet Zero knows some Jiu Jitsu Voodoo that'll mind break Jigsaw. James Wan, if you read this review, this is how you make drama interesting!"
,Recommended,477740,30867747,Posted: 31 March,all,Orangekeeper,"They're pretty good visual novel/puzzle games. First game looks a bit strange brought to a high resolution (It was originally on the DS) and the lip synching doesn't look great, but the flowchart is a welcome addition. The new voice acting is of roughly the same quality of ZE3, which is good for the most part. The story of the first is stronger then the one in the second, but the second has better puzzles and a more sensibly organized flow chart.A very memorable set of games that are worth the money if you're into visual novels."
,Recommended,477740,30931706,Posted: 3 April,all,Chamango,"It's definitely worth getting this just for VLR, but I have to recommend people play the original version of 999 over this, this version has voice acting and a streamlined system for getting the different endings, but a lot is lost in the transition to a single screen from the DS style screen it was intended for."
76561198373299027,Recommended,477740,30823431,Posted: 29 March,all,zero,"(slight spoilers)i've followed this series for a long time and have played every adaption of this game thus far-- for DS, iOS, and now steam. in its original format, this game was already a 10/10 in my book-- the storyline, characters, pacing, twists, and ending are near flawless! there's a lot i could say about that, but i'll leave it at that-- those aspects remain the same in steam. this story is riveting and told perfectly.the steam adaption is another story. it was very good in most regards-- the voice actors were chosen appropriately, performed well, and some of the voice actors that fell flat in the sequel games fared much better in 999. most of the game translates very well to this format.however... the adventure/novel mode isn't a perfect adaption of the twist from the DS version, and can be rather clunky at times. you often have to choose between seeing all of the screen and seeing all of the narration. most of the time, this isn't that big of an issue, but more of a nuisance. the flowchart is kind of confusing and attempting to use it properly led to me getting the same ending 7 times in a row despite trying to choose the correct doors. again, minor annoyance, but annoyance nonetheless.the biggest failure is how the final puzzle is adapted, in my opinion-- it's confusing, not thematically appropriate, rather obscure, and it completely removes one of the most iconic parts of the original game. rather than sitting down for a pleasant, completely nerve-wracking game of sudoku, i pressed ""hint"" about twenty times without knowing what it was talking about until it basically gave me the answer-- one that was rather gimmicky, and relied more on that gimmick than on the puzzle rules it was attempting to explain. i then did the exact same thing on the next screen-- more frustrated guessing.the puzzle is really the only huge drawback, and for new fans, it may not even be a bother. but it was pretty much the only major issue i had with an otherwise impressive steam adaption."
,Recommended,477740,30811317,Posted: 29 March,all,Ping|Archimaede,"One of the best adventure/mistery/puzzle game out there, with quite a lot of content (>10h for 99 and >20h for VLR), and a great story."
76561198006642638,Recommended,477740,31092363,Posted: 12 April,all,Commander Greyscale,These games changed my mind
,Recommended,477740,32722081,Posted: 24 June,all,✪ Kawaii Ōji-sama Desu,"A masterpiece , If you're looking for a good story and maybe some plot twists this is the game for you"
76561198061031292,Recommended,477740,32839092,Posted: 26 June,all,Bigoli Fettuccine,"999 is decent, but VLR is one of the most entertaining/ridiculous stories I've seen in a video game. The puzzles, for the most part, kind of suck (a lot of them are just basic math problems), but there are some that are pretty satisfying. Try Umineko and the Danganronpa series after this."
,Recommended,477740,32717958,Posted: 24 June,all,a random remlit,Absolutely love these games. Highly recommend. Amazing storytelling and fun brain teasing. Just buy it!
76561198160776586,Recommended,477740,31144646,Posted: 14 April,all,Heather_Dianne,"Zero Escape: the Nonary Games is a 2-for-1 type of set that includes the first two games in the Zero Escape series (999 and Virtue's Last Reward). At this point, I have completed 999 to its fullest and I can say I was extremely sastified with it. Now, on to the review.999 REVIEW: In this game, you play as Junpei, a man who wakes up on a ship with 8 other people and together they discover they are going to be playing a terrible game. A mysterious person named Zero is forcing them to get through 9 doors within 9 hours. If they don't, the ship will sink and they will die. There are more complications but it's best if you learn how the ""game"" for the characters works. A major things I enjoyed about this game were the puzzles and the mystery. To learn more about the mysterious things going on, you had to get through the puzzles in the rooms you search. The puzzles are fairly easy, some of them make you really think on how to do them and some are quite difficult. Another thing about the game is that to experience it at its fullest, you have to play through it repeatively to get through different endings and to learn different storylines. Thankfully, there is a flowchart in-game so you can move through the scenes you've already played and there's a text-skip option as well.I found this game very rewarding and very addictive. I kept playing the week I bought it and I now have almost 24 hours worth of gameplay. And I haven't even started the second game yet. I can't wait to see how VLR connects to 999.If anything, I thought the save function was a little confusing. At one point, I had accidentally started over, which deleted all of my data and my flow chart was resetted so I had to start over. So that part sucked. I also felt like the ending to 999 was a bit vague in some details and I wish they would have elaberated a bit.Other than that, I quite enjoyed this game and definitely think it goes to my top list of my favorite Visual Novel/Story-Rich games.VIRTUE'S LAST REWARD REVIEW (note: I won't go too into depth of the game's mechanics as it's quite similar to the mechanics of 999): In this game - which is the sequel to 999 - you play as Sigma, a man that wakes up in a creepy warehouse type building. Instead of being alone, he is in a room with a woman he doesn't know. They soon find out that they aren't alone, and they're forced to play a game. Similar to 999, it's still the ""Nonary Game"" (a game of the number 9) as they need to escape through the number 9 door. But this is a bit different, as they will have to betray each other to escape. I won't spoil the how as it's fun to learn as you play.When I first started playing VLR, I wasn't sure if I would like it because of the noticible differences between it and 999. VLR has 3-D modeled characters which looked kinda creepy at first sight, and the character you play as (Sigma) doesn't have voice-over. He is the only character that lacks voice acting, which was disappointing.But as I played, I began to like it a lot - possibly just as much or even more than 999. I started to connect with the characters quickly, and the story was intriguing to me. Also I can't help but love the voice of Zero Jr, a AI rabbit that speaks to the characters and tells them their tasks. All of these elements makes this an excellent sequel to the original game I loved.While I haven't finished all of the possible routes in VLR, I can say that this game is an incredible experience and a sastifying mystery, and I can't wait to finish all the routes and learn more of the mystery."
76561198031994154,Recommended,477740,33425331,Posted: 10 July,all,vegard,"Stunning! I was initially sceptical to the high asking price, but very few games has kept me going for 50 hours, and I am likely to give this one another spin in a few years.999 has a very unique charm. The animated 2D sprites, handpainted backdrops, simple numeric rules and strong cast is incredible. That is not to say that VLR is anything less than amazing though. The 3D animation and scenery is rather sterile in comparison, the rules are overly complicated and the cast is somewhat unlikable. But the story is more focused, the voting feature continously sparks tension and keeps the game alive for a staggering 30-40 hours."
,Recommended,477740,30990635,Posted: 6 April,all,Everrii,"Let me just say this is one of the best games I've ever played. It's incredibly story-rich, with many incredible plot twists and well developed, complex characters. The puzzles are fun, engaging and challenging. Being a fan of the original 999, this port with added voice acting was pretty great in my opinion. Of course, it depends on the person wether you like the voice acting or not, or if you feel like it will break the immersion. For me, though, it was super amazing hearing all my favorite characters in 999 get fully voiced and it helped add something new to the experience. The fact that this game is essentially TWO games in one is also nothing to complain about, because let me tell you - after finishing the first one you'll immediatley want to start the next.Overall would definitley reccomend!"
,Recommended,477740,30983119,Posted: 6 April,all,Stormageddon Dark Lord of All,"This has one of my favorite science-fiction stories in any medium period. The first two games in this series are absolute masterpieces and the third and final entry was only not as good in comparison to the hype that surrounded it. I love the way that the puzzles and the story integrate with the whole experience. Some of the puzzles even requiered me to get out a pen and pencil which I haven't had to do in a long time. And yet, each puzzle was contained to the room you found it, so you always knew the answer was right around the corner. The flow chart added to 999 fixes the biggest problem with the original game which was having to replay it from the beginning. VLR looks great and plays great and has the same story as before. All around a fantastic package with great puzzles and a great story. Would highly recommend."
,Recommended,477740,31185713,Posted: 16 April,all,Scorpio,Like good puzzles that require you to think out of the box? Buy this game.Like a good story and varied well developed characters? Buy this game.Like both? Then this might also be your next best game ever.
,Recommended,477740,31148874,Posted: 14 April,all,Xarai,"Played 999 on the Ds just before this came out. Didn't play it in this pack, but the game is phenomonal - the best in the series.As for Virtues last Reward, it's also pretty great. The central characters are more enjoyable and engaging than they are in 999, but the overall story is worse, albiet still very intriguing. The puzzles are fun, though they do drag on a bit towards the end.Overall, this is worth getting for the story, even if you don't like puzzles."
76561198112285594,Recommended,477740,31292642,Posted: 22 April,all,YX,"If you like story-based games, this is the one for you. If you hate reading, this is still prety good so give it a shot. FYI don't look up anything on the wiki or anything. Spoilers are everywhere."
76561198216804244,Recommended,477740,33755086,Posted: 23 July,all,Fidgetgamer69,"Didn't feel like playing it in the first place, but glad I did. 10 out of Nine"
76561198103925199,Recommended,477740,33546375,Posted: 14 July,all,Shanderraa,Calling this a selfcest dating sim would not be incorrect. 10/10
76561198085401658,Recommended,477740,34119214,Posted: 8 August,all,bryjow123,"Amazing visual novel. Great stories especially, you won't be disappointed!"
,Recommended,477740,34206553,Posted: 12 August,all,Kynto,An amazing game filled with so many twists and turns10/10 would reccomend
,Recommended,477740,34767858,Posted: 5 September,all,grossedout5,"Brain bending puzzles, an extremely engaging and original story, and some epic plot twists that will haunt you. This is one game franchise that I cannot recommend high enough."
,Recommended,477740,35406809,Posted: 1 October,all,OwnedbyCow,"I skipped over this game when it was on the DS when I was younger. I didn't know if I would like it or not. And now I wish I would've had a chance to play it back then.I have only played 999 so far, but wow was that intense.I bought the Zero Escape trilogy, because I had already beaten Danganronpa and I wanted something similar to it. Little did I know that it was the same developers. About 30 minutes into the game I minimized and had to go check to see who made it because it had way too many similarities.The first game was great and I am looking forward to the second and third games. $45 should be about spot on for what I think the first two games are worth. Well worth the money and a great experience.There are multiple endings and when you get the ending that you didn't want (And I promise you will) you can start over at pretty much any point in the game.The story was very intrigueing and it seems like they used theories and philosophies that had actually been discussed in real life. And for the first time in a long time, the good ending was fulfilling.I think it would be great to see an anime adaptation to this game just like they did for Danganronpa.All of your decisions will effect the ending that you get. This is one of the few ""Choices Matter"" games that actually have real effects from what you chose to do. As you are playing, you may miss a few conversations that are really important and when you play to go through each ending, you will get more back story. I believe each ending was as needed as the true ending. There are 6 different endings in 999 and either 18 or 19 endings in the second game.  You are able to pull up the flow chart, as I mentioned earlier, to see which ending you are progressing toward or to rewind time to fix something that you messed up.If you are a fan of Danganronpa, psychological thrillers, great story, or visual novels, this game is a must (even at full price)."
,Recommended,477740,35429132,Posted: 2 October,all,Grognard_87,"A hell of a incredible couple of games that play with some interesting theories I've never heard of before, but needlessly, make a far more interesting interaction all together. These two games were out before the other Zero escape game that was released first on Steam.Not only due to have multiple paths based on your choices and where you go, but due to the Morphagentic Field, it makes perfect story sense that you could view one timeline, pick up some information, then take with with you for consecutive timelines to unlock the true ending.Both games have very interesting set ups and some very difficult puzzles, though not unfairly difficult. I recommend this to any fan fo the escape room kind of game where you need to look around and attempt to find a way out of wherever you are trapped."
76561198036218512,Recommended,477740,35475451,Posted: 4 October,all,DQ,"Do you like escape rooms? Thinking about the metaphysics of quantum theory? Games whose gameplay mechanics are actually integral to the plot? Complex characters and multiple interwoven storylines? Unexpected twists? Then the Zero Escape series is for you!The entire trilogy is a work of art. I don't know if I've ever played anything else quite like it, or if I ever will. Totally worth the experience."
,Recommended,477740,35235401,Posted: 26 September,all,Catfish Shotgun,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥lmao here we go999 and Virtue's Last Reward are visual novels with various puzzles throughout, where numerous branching paths are possible depending on what choices you make. Both games feature a number of participants who are trapped in scenarios where they are forced to play deadly games, in which the deception of other participants is encouraged. No one in either of the games are quite who they seem, and while most participants may not know it, they all have a reason for being there.While the story in these games are intriguing and the mystery is great, the explanations are incredibly complicated. Two thirds through 999 and think you've figured out the twist? You are wroooong. You'll have logic thrown at you that you never imagined would be a possibility. And if you thought 999 was convoluted, VLR has so many curveballs that it's literally impossible to preemptively guess what's going on. I still don't know wtf Phi's deal is. Maybe Zero Time Dilemma will answer this.While the information that the ""game hosts"" give you is alltechnicallytrue, a fair portion of that information is misleading, and the few hints you are given as to what's actually going on are exceptionally subtle. In this way, the games kind of cheat out a lot of their big reveals. On the other hand, some of the mid-way reveals are very fair and are extremely exciting once they ""click"" in your mind.Good games.Sidenotesplay 999>VLR>ZTD, because there is a lot of continuity between these games.btw if you don't like reading, I don't recommend playing these lolWhether it's VLR or JoJo, Dio did nothing wrong :9"
