user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,477770,31623460,Posted: 8 May,all,iman_hetfield,"This game granted my wish !In my country, iran, its illegal to have above 250cc bikes.I always wished to have a sports bike !At last, this game granted my wish to see how it feels to have a sports bike.THANK YOU VERY MUCH <3peace."
76561198378346310,Recommended,477770,32342306,Posted: 11 June,all,Shibe,8/10Pros :- there is many variety of bike that u can buy...- the game is quite realistic if you put the bot setting into realistic and the pyhsics into pro...- u can customized ur rider and bikeCons :- the bike sounds horrible..- no one is playing multiplayer...if you have any question feel free to ask
76561197979931608,Recommended,477770,25902043,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,MrJohnyMnemonic,"Ok so here we go.I am seasoned veteran of bike games since 1998 SBK from EA which i clocked many hours on and absolutely loved it. Then SBK titles from milestone motogp 13, 15, Ride 1.  I only play onboard view and only and only so i look for the right feel. I also owned couple GSXR 750s and raced them too so i hope my review will be somewhat valid.first of.. I loved this game straight up after almost 2 Hours cuz what they did was they got the onboard feel spot on at least for me. Bikes just feel great. Tracks feel more real and overall the immersion from onboard view is finally perfect and i mean it !!I use xbox controler on PC. Bikes are much easier to point in the right direction than with other milestone titles cuz in reality riding a bike is not that glitchy and ragged and oversensitive like it was with almost all milestone titles.game has plenty more content and feels much more alive.. Also the bikes handle much more alive.i have couple complaints tho as well.1. WHY DID YOU TAKE AWAY WIND BLASTING AND VIBRATION of the camera AS THE SPEED INCREASES ??? it was adding so much to the feel of speed and now its GONE !!2. bikes feel like driving on perfectly flat surface.. no bumps no vibration of camera .. shame3. game is buggy, not even 2 hrs of play in and u start finding stuff (as u ride short straight on road america before the bridge.. WTF ??? fix it please)4. rider sometimes doesnt hold handlebars and throthle hand barely moves.. shame on you milestone, this worked perfect in moto gp 155. Performance is good but it stutters a little..on i7 4790 gtx970 and 32 gb ram.. SHAME ON YOU !!so usual milestone releasing unpolished console port whcih will never get fixed as we know.BUT SO FAR I LOVE THE GAME !!! CUZ THE RIDING ONBOARD FINALLY FEELS RIGHT !!so if u own other moto games even ride 2.. get it !did i mention they took away wind blasting and vibration  effect on to your head with speed ?? if they didnt.. this is perfect riding game !!P.S. oh and for SUZUKI fans they took away GSXR K5 :((((( but u can buy hayabusa as i did already.. but still.. they took away k5 :((overall.. GET THE GAME !"
,Not Recommended,477770,25930510,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,fredthedead,"*** Update down below ***This is a first impression about Ride 2 because I'm thinking of getting a refund. I'm not sure, so take it for what it is, a bit less than two hours into the game.I have been patient with Milestone, even hopeful at times (silly me). I have played the last four motorcycle games they have made now and every time it is the same. I really try to like their games, and to be fair there is some entertainment to be had there, if you can swallow the anger, frustration and if you had any high hopes - your initial expectations. I don't know what the folks that are praising this game compares it to, given the fact that they somehow accept this. Well actually I think I do; they compare it to previous Milestone games, as there is pretty much no competition, and that would explain a lot.Graphics are not worse than before. The mirrors actually seem to reflect what's behind them as opposed to only the sky or the ground as in Ride 1. Too bad you can't turn your head more than an inch to actually view the mirrors (depends on the bike), or the rest of the things going on beside you, and on top of that you are not being able to adjust the field of view (what were you thinking Milestone? I'd really like to know). Still not up to what you would expect from a game this generation. Low poly bikes, low res textures and shadows - the usual stuff with a bit more polish. Xbox 360/PS3 graphics. Again.The helmet cam is, once again, a joke. This is really odd since there is a really nice one used during the replays. The one used there may be a bit too ""busy"" for gameplay but it features more realistic movement and a good sense of speed, two things not present during actual gameplay. Again, what were you thinking, Milestone? You have two first person cameras in the game in gameplay mode and both are pretty much the same exept one is just obscured by a totally unrealistic view of a helmet. I don't think any of the devs put on a helmet to see how it looks like. I just get sad during replays seeing what could have been there during the actual racing.The sound is a bit better than before. It is still not very good though and the lack of wind noise ruins the immersion for anyone who actually knows what it's like to ride a bike. In fact, this game fails on almost every level to replicate the feeling to ride. Quite ironic given the name of the title.Riding a bike in real life is an awesome feeling. You are out there in direct contact with the elements rather behind a shell in a car. The force and sound of the wind and weather fighting against your body and your bike while you, with the power of the engine and it's beautiful roar push through the air, victoriously. It's just awesome! This game makes it seem boring and that is a shame. It should be at least somewhat exciting even if you are on your first Scrambler or whatever the bike may be but it is just boring, even as you progress to faster bikes. They did include some really sweet café-like bikes, which I love, but they are just so boring to ride here so they are just eye candy at best, along with the other not superfast bikes. I understand that it is difficult to make slower vehicles exciting in games but with everything Milestone constantly does wrong it just ends up with below acceptable gameplay.Maybe no one at Milestone is a biker and they just don't know better. Maybe they are an underfunded developer with good intentions. Maybe they are just bad developers. I don't know. I am however constantly let down as soon as I think they might learn and improve from previous mistakes. To enjoy this game I'd recommend getting it on a sale, without expecting too much.I'm sure there is some fun to be had despite all this but so much here is so flawed I cannot recommend it at its asking price. It is a Milestone game in its purest form.I'll update this review if I discover I'm wrong about something or if something else needs attention, if I decide not to request a refund that is.*** Update ***Multiplayer:No option to communicate with others via text, not even in the multiplayer lobby. Connection loss has been very frequent for me. I don't know if it is because of netcode issues or just the host disconnecting (no dedicated servers) but it has ruined at least 50% of my races so far. If the host sucks att Nordschleife (3 laps minimum), don't expect to be able to finish the race. And there is no player list available in game so you're in the blind much of the time regarding player positions. I haven't had any issues with lag though.Quick multiplayer update: The game has frozen on me multiple times now while hosting races, followed by a message some seconds later saying everyone has left the race, so there seems to be some serious issues with the network stability. And you lose points when you're disconnected. This bloody game, man...Customization:Basically the same as in Ride 1 and it still feels tacked on. There are for instance sometimes five, six or so chains to choose from on some bikes, looking exactly identical with identical effects on the bike. The ONLY difference being the name in the selection box. That says something about the ambitions they had with customization and how they try to hide it (not very good). Many times you can't even change the base color of the bike. Visual customization is a joke and a lot of opportunities are lost. Just imagine what they could have done with the café-bikes. The rest leaves a lot to be desired as well. Nothing new here.As expected though, there are still some nice moments that contrasts all the negatives. It can be a really satisfying feeling when you nail a corner or a section. The replays are nice. Too bad you can't save them. I'm glad they included Nordschleife and Monza, two of my favourite tracks.The actual handling of the bikes is pretty good. It's just so undramatic and calm as opposed to what it should be. If you are not racing on the faster bikes it can be compared to a casual ride on your mothers scooter.In short; if you like Ride 1 you'll probably like this as well. Just don't expect any real evolution of any kind and don't be surprised to find most of the previous game's flaws still present in Ride 2.If there were alternatives I wouldn't touch Milestone's products. Most of the hours I've put down with this game is just me being an achievement wh*re."
76561198109757793,Not Recommended,477770,26747027,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,TG Freakzz,"As a real life biker the initial Ride game i played was huge for me. Not only because Bike games have been given such little attention over the years but the bikes this game offered, Game physics and attention to detail were amazing.I feel the only thing the game lacked was the number of tracks available being pretty low, the sound of the bikes was not great and the Multiplayer was enraging. I pumped 35 hours of enjoyable gameplay into Ride 1 and when i heard of a release for Ride2 well, Lets just say i was excited.Ride 2, wow. What a game! Im currently up to 36 Hours of gameplay and would have happily continued if it wasnt for a certain issue that ill address within this review. The new addition of bikes made me well up with tears as i saw the new Rsv4, H2r, R1m and even the addition of beautiful 2 strokes and multiple Supermotos. The developers have clearly done alot of work around the sounds of the bikes as they make the hairs on the back of my neck stand up! Great number of Tracks and i was so happy to see the Nurb, Ulster Gp and North west make it to the lineup and they've even chucked in Rain just to make things interesting.There is so many good things i can say about this game.....However. I would not recommend the game to anybody as the one single bad thing that i can name is so enraging that after this review i will be uninstalling and not playing until the issue has been fixed. About 2 hours into playing the game my game crashed and a corrupted save message showed which in essence wiped all my data. I thought nothing of this as it was a brand new game and these things happen. Well unfortunately for me it has just happened again. I was ranked #1 in the world with all invitational events complete, all the bikes i actually wanted however i would of liked the full collection. Well now there all gone. Huge shame and after reading up about it, it seems to be a pretty common problem that has yet to be resolved.For this reason alone i would not recommend buying the game until a fix is in place as youll genuinely enjoy it that much for it to just destroy it with one crash."
,Recommended,477770,28292472,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Quartararo,"Definitely an improvement from the 1st gameneed more tracks tho, my whistlist :> Isle of Man TT (full laps) is a must!!!> Côte d'Azur (French Riviera)> California Pacific Coast> & any beautiful place to ride are welcome :DNorth West 200 is the best, i love the view"
,Recommended,477770,30859106,Posted: 31 March,all,petskuletsku,Best motorcyclegame in steam.
76561198009156462,Not Recommended,477770,25975054,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Ces,"I think I hate this game. I think I honestly and truly hate this game. I really wanted to like it, I love the thought of being able to ride bikes from all my favorite manufacturers, but this game has made it a grueling and utterly dissatisfying experience.I've rewritten this reveiw three times, but I think I finally know my problem with this game: it's arcadey enough to make the experience joyless. When I buy a racing game, like Asseto Corsa, I want to lose myself in the simple experience of driving. Just learning a car and seeing how it feels. In this game, unlocking vehicles is tied to money, which is tied to winning, which is tied to modding, which is tied again to money. Quite literally, this game's issue is ""mo' money, mo' problems.""Racing becomes a chore because to get the bikes I want, I have to save money. To save money, I have to mod bikes to the absolute minimum, so I wind up running in races I'm outclassed in, furiously cheesing other motorcycles by cutting them off and blocking them so I can just barely succeed and get that much closer to what I actually want. A racing game is doing it wrong when the racing itself is an obstacle to fun.Had this game just thrown up its arms and let you do whatever, like Asseto Corsa does, then it would have been a thousand times more fun. Had the game thrown out any semblence of realism and made the bikes balanced against each other (which they very grossly are not) then it would have been a thosuand times more fun. Unfortunately, simulation and arcade do nothing but get in each others' way, an experience only complicated by a load of poor technical choices like a bizzarely centered first person camera (in soviet russia, bike leans around you!), TCS that only feels like it slows you down, boring ""straight upgrade"" modding options, and suspension/gear choices that have no discernable effect on performance.In short, an arcade simulator that attempts both and acheives neither. If you want to simulate, get Asseto Corsa. If you want to arcade, get Redout. If you want a frustrating haflway point between the two, get this."
76561198067198869,Recommended,477770,25914023,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Monkey Mouth,"Too long; didn't read:A fair improvement over Ride 1 and certainly a decent game in and of itself. A few issues, but decent track list and bike selection make up for it. Overall: 8/10Gameplay:Overall, not bad. Let down maybe by the lack of open maps (i.e: Not being able to use the dirt track on Franciacorta) and LONG auto-drives to the start line.Graphics:Great Motorcycle graphics - sharp and quite accurate. However, not so great track and out-of-track graphics (most notable around the Nurburgring)Sounds:Average music for the game (not necessarily a bad thing) and fairly decent Motorcycle sounds. Not too many complaints.Physics and Camera:Not bad all-round, however sometimes the P.O.V camera can be floaty which can be a little disorientating at times, but in all, not that bad. Handling is markedly different compared to Ride 1.Selection:Great bike selection, however, I think categories could be expanded (i.e: Classic-style Motorcycle). Tracks are great, however I would personally love to ride the Hayabusa around the Castelletto SuperMoto circuit.  Gear is a bit more than ni the old game, but generally much of the same. Chracter/Rider probably has less choice over Ride 1, but still isn't bad.Overall: Not a bad game and definitely an improvement over Ride 1. I would personally recommend using some sort of cheat engine to get your money to maximum and buy all the bikes and just mess around at first few hours. Then have a go at the races.Total rating: 8/10 - Improvement on the previous, but 1 or 2 areas could be improved further, but they are fairly minor areas."
,Recommended,477770,34180128,Posted: 11 August,all,Mohawkology,"Ride 2 is currently the only half decent motorbike racing game on the market and it is good, but... it needs a LOT of work to bring it up to the standards of modern car racing games.Note that some things may appear on both lists due to varing factorsThings I like about Ride 2Physics - mostly these are good. Bikes mostly feel like they should and act as they should (I ride a real sportsbike)Bike selection - mostly this is also good, there are many bikes to chose from and raceTrack selection - Againmostlythis is good. I especailly like the inclusion of the Ulster GP and NW200 road racing circuits but others are notably missing...It is fairly easy to pick up and play, even if you don't ride a real motorbikeThings I do not like about Ride 2Physics - once you start to push the bikes and test the physics beyond simple racing the ugly mechanics begin to rear their heads. Like your rider simply flopping off the bike before the tail even hits the ground in a wheelie, or the slightest touch on a curb having you carthwheeling down the track, while other times having no effect at all. Chopping the throttle mid-turn has no noticbale effect, the rear brake seems to be either locked or off.AI - typical racing game AI; ignores physics, can brake insanely deep into turns and get away with it, if you follow you'll lowside it every time. Will take you out on the straights and in turns by simly smacking into you if you're going slower than they areBike selection - while having a good selection there is also a LOT of repartition. With popular models like ZX10s, Fireblades, S 1000RRs seeing almost every iteration possible with no real difference in the bikes.There are no less than 5 iterations of the ZX10. 7 versions of the Honda Fireblade, 9 if you include the race bikes! And guess what? They all sound exactly the same and handle pretty much exactly the same besides the older 900RR. This is repeated across nearly all the manufacturers as well.Graphics - honestly for a game that came out end of 2016 they're poor. The bike models look like they are in the final stage just before being properly rendered, the textures are flat without lustre and edgy, the dashboard details, screens and switchgear on the handlbars and the rider's glove details look downright awful and the track environment looks flat and lifeless and the lighting and weather effects are low quality.Customisation - Bikes are ALL about customisation and Ride 2 while letting you do some stuff is very limited. Wanna switch out the dust can on the 2017 GSXR1000 ? Nope. Wanna paint your bike your own colour and add your own decals like in Forza? Nope. Wanna use tires that aren't Pirelli? Nope. Wanna swap out the stock screen for a double bubble? Nope. Wanna change the levers, add bar ends, lever protectors, rear sets? Nope. You can do a race conversion on slected bikes but you get about three pre-chosen options for liveries and customisation to chose from.Tuning - racing games are all about it, but Ride 2 isn't. The tuning options availible to you are limited at best and all represented by a generic level 1 to level 6 sliding bars. Want to get more indepth? Tweak tire pressures, static sag, spring rate, fuel load? Nope. Also there is no noticable tire ware, fuel usage at all in the game. Do 10 laps of the Nurburgring and your tires will still be like new.Tracks - This is a motorbike game, right? So where the hell is the Isle of Man TT course? Or most of the tracks from the BSB, WSBK and MotoGP raing series? Brands Hatch, Cadwell, Jarama, Le Man, Assen, Mugello, etc etcThe game is pretty fun and it'll while away an hour or so for me until the AI drives me insane. But it needs a lot of work. I would like to see a Ride 3 but they've gotta bring it up to date with modern racing sims. We bikers deserve better than the generic MotoGP yeatly tripe and Ride might just have it up its sleeve - if they sort it out."
76561198042784353,Recommended,477770,25906481,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Deckard,"OK, First Impressions. Have only tried a few races and time trials but looks good so far. Big improvement over the original ride. Graphics are smooth and detailed with good lighting and appear quite realistic. I'm getting 60fps synced with everything maxed out except AA at 2560x1440 on a gtx980ti. Really good sensation of speed in the bike and helmet cams. The helmet cam is the one I use but I just wish there was a way turn off the helmet. Since you spend a lot of time tucked in, it would also be useful if the fairing windscreen wasn't so darkly tinted as it tends to obstruct your view. If you use the suggested line feature to get your legs it works very intuitively, not just coloured green through red, but the triangles stand as you approach a slow corner and lay down as you get toward the suggest speed. I haven't see any obvious pop-up, clipping or bike parts popping on and off that have sometimes appeared in previous Milestone releases. I'm not getting any framerate hitches or skips when going through corners either.Bike handling is arcade even on Pro settings, so it's no MotoGP or SBK. It's quite enjoyable, the relaxed handling doesn't feel off or unrealistic, just very forgiving of throttle and braking. I would be wishing for something a bit less forgiving at pro settings but they're definitely aiming at a more casual level. If I there was anything I liked about the original Ride it was just collecting the bikes more so than upgrading and customising; so I would probably say the same here.Haven't hit any trademark Milestone bugs, everything works rather smoothly. Remapped my controller without issues and haven't had any crashes or had to do any fiddling to get up and running.I'm enjoying it but don't buy expecting a hardcore simulation. The game makes the original Ride completely redundant so if you buy consider it a total replacement. If you have a Steam Controller you're in luck; the game doesn't have native support but using the gyro as left stick with a bit of anti-deadzone works great and is a really immersive method of control."
76561198067805154,Recommended,477770,30596817,Posted: 18 March,all,BrentBSK,"Great game!Physics are (usually) on point, except for the jumps.Would love to see more 2 strokes in the future, cus if you aint mixing gas, you aint kicking♥♥♥♥♥! yes, im stuck in the 90s btw."
,Recommended,477770,31253540,Posted: 20 April,all,ClouD,"This game just absolutely magnificent, better than ride 1 the psyhic just incredible and there so much bike than i expected but add the 300cc bike like cbr300r, cbr250/300rr, r3, ninja 300 etc.the gameplay and the graphic is just freaking awesome even with my 740m it still playable at 30+ (notless),add more dlc with upcoming bikes and 300cc bikes to add thats all for mebtw this game is so addicting"
76561198321125259,Recommended,477770,30876033,Posted: 1 April,all,Ant,"Graphically, this game is stunning, almost flawless. Every bike is faithfully reproduced down to the last nut. Tracks are also well rendered, exhibiting most of the nuances you would expect to come across, without being completely anal. The bikes handle well, and differently according to each bike's particular characteristics - no mean feat considering you're probably sitting there with nothing more than a big plastic M in your hands.Caveats? Well, there is an issue with framerate stuttering, which has been around for some time - running with vsync enabled does help a lot, but it is something the develpers need to address. Some also complain that the sound isn't that realistic, but that's a minor niggle. Tracks are, unfortunately, somewhat limited but not enough to induce boredom. Online doesn't seem to be great (I have only looked briefly at that, but options to race against others doesn't seem to be as supported as some YouTube channels might have you believe - though a group of friends hosting their own races might negate that.Basically, if you're a biker, who is looking for a motorcycle game/sim, this is probably about as good as it will ever get. There's much to enjoy, little to whinge over and, all things considered, it's by far the best playing and looking motorcycle game available."
,Recommended,477770,31801198,Posted: 17 May,all,☹sadboi☹,"This game is special to me, let me tell you why.Iv'e been looking for a new racing game ever since I completed Grid 2 a good few months back, even Grid Autosport couldn't fill that gap.I know Ride 2 is in most ways the complete opposite of Grid 2 how ever they both have the same level of addiction that I can't escape.My guess is the devs are a small studio, if I am correct, i'm not sure how they managed it but they really made this game feel like a triple AAA title.They got the physics of the game perfect and the graphics, we couldn't ask for anything more.The level of customization is insane, plenty of tracks and bikes to race on singleplayer will keep you going for a long time, i've not played online yet and don't really intend to do so I'm not really a fan of online racing unless its with a friend.As someone who has grown up on racing games, from the early f1 2001 ps2 to forza 3/4, this game to me is a new favorite that I will be spending countless hours on!*Edit*This game is not a simulator but it's not full arcade it's somewhere inbetween, honestly i'd just compare it as the Forza 4 of motorbike games?"
,Recommended,477770,30194780,Posted: 26 February,all,Fade,"Forza with bikes. If you love one or the other, then you’ll love this game.Long story short, Ride 2 is a vastly improved sequel that builds on the foundation of the first game and tops it with a variety of content that’ll keep everyone coming back for more. Everything from the physics to the sound has been fine tuned and the overall experience is a lot smoother.Here is my short list of pros:Large selection of motorcycles spread across different categories, all of them customizable.Graphics  and track details are much better with variable lighting and weather conditions. Sadly, they still don’t come anywhere close to the current generation of games.Bikes actually sound like bikes now.Good amount of real life and fictional locations. (Nurburgring, Monza, Macau and most of the tracks from Ride).Physics are good enough though i’m not really an expert on that. You can ride with assists on or go pro-mode if you’re up for the challenge.Milestone has definitely put some work into this title and it shows. As far as my opinion is concerned, Ride 2 is one of the best motorcycle games out right now. The AI could’ve have been better and the graphics could use some more polish but the game is still good at what it offers."
,Recommended,477770,33183431,Posted: 3 July,all,HVA_HeadBusta,"Very reminiscent of the Playstation 2 game Tourist Trophy, this game takes you through a progression from a amatuer weekend warrior all the way through to a top level Moto GP contender.  The bike selection is very robust, covering just about every manufacturer in the world, and in some cases even different generational models.  It even covers electric powered bikes.  And of course every bike can be upgraded with real life name brand aftermarket parts.The racetrack list is also robust and includes famous tracks like the Nurburgring (both GP and Nordschleife configurations), Monza, and Imola to name a few.The physics are on par with other modern sim-like racers.  Graphics are acceptable, nothing to rave about but also nothing to complain about either.  A.I. also falls in this category, though at times it feels like their positioning and pacing is predetermined based on the players performance.  Keep in mind my experience with the A.I. is only on the mid to easy levels so far.  More experienced players might find the A.I. more acceptable in higher difficulty levels.Overall I would recommend this to any motorcycle enthusiast or sim racing fan that's looking for a sight change of pace.FAIR WARNING:A CONTROLLER OR JOYSTICK IS A MUST WITH THIS GAME!!!  You can get by with mouse and keyboard, but you won't have a fun time.Also if you do buy this, don't forget to download all of the free content packs from the store.  Don't worry about getting the paid DLC as that content usually mirrors identical bikes already included."
,Recommended,477770,26022158,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Noble On Turbo,"Huge selection of bikes from a wide variety of companies. Physics are really nice, graphics are a step-up from the last game, sound is really decent too. Only complaint is that the default controls were silly, but it was just a matter of rebinding a few buttons.Couldn't have asked for a cooler game. I love motorcycles and this is what I've been looking for!60 FPS+ on high settings with a GTX960 + FX 8320 and 16GB of RAM."
76561198059474048,Recommended,477770,30605761,Posted: 18 March,all,Gearhead998,Honestly one of my favorite games I own. The game runs great at max graphics all round.I have seen many negative reviews saying they can't remap their controls on keyboard? I easily did that in the matter of 3 minutes. I honestly think people nowadays just don't bother to look then they just complain.
,Recommended,477770,29730416,Posted: 5 February,all,Dennicena,"Love it. This is a game for a true motorcycle lover. It could've been a little more realistic in terms of graphics and physics, but it's a damn good game."
,Recommended,477770,26640114,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,$/\NTU_007,"#TOURIST TROPHY-PC#If you remember one of the best old school bike games,I bet that TOURIST TROPHY will definitely be one of your favourites.RIDE 2 - The essence of pure adrenaline and action can be easily seen in this game.The game doesnt have any optminisation issues and i can run this game on my Geforce 940m/i5 without any issues.Milestone has done a terrific job whilst giving  precise details for the motor cycles and the tracks.Likes & DislikesLikes1.The Optimisation2.Bikes/Tracks level of detail3.Bike's way of handling4.Intelligent AI5.Brought back the memories of old school Tourist Trophy6.Road racing iconic tracks featuring-(Ulster GP , North West 200 , North Wales , Macau , Kanto Hills )Dislikes1.Bugs - (Once you go for a qucik restart after your bad crash,the bike auto shifts even under manual transmission option)2.No ISLE OF MAN :( , though we have Macau , Ulster and even NW 200,,,,,road racing fans can get utterly disappointed   with ISLE OF MAN3.Online-I can hardly fiind either a lobby or a room set open,only few play the game4.No joy stick-No fun----It is better to hook up a joy stick coz key board controls are messyFinally , I'd like to suggest the game for hard core bike lovers or people who'd like to shift the gaming pattern.I've been spending loads of time playingPROJECT CARS < ASSETTO CORSA < AUTOMOBILISTA < DIRT RALLY , though i'd love to play these simulators at some pint I used to get bore of and i'd wanted to shift over bikes.So, i found this beautiful game.What are you waiting for----GIVE A GO BIKER  : )"
76561198141451349,Recommended,477770,25963620,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,KG13,"Comparing to RIDE1 the game is huge step forward. Great graphics, lots of bikes, improved bike sounds, many tracks with few new that are great. Unfortunately the arcade game physics makes the game not suitable for people who expect simulation or real bike behaviour. But still it is a good game."
,Recommended,477770,28874970,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,TheOtis,"If you're a motorcycle fan, buy this.It builds on all the good things about Ride 1 and fixes the major issue from the first game... team races. It was so obnoxious that you had no control over your teammates skill level. Nothing was more annoying in that game than getting gold in every race, (which was my goal for that game) but getting stuck with bronze or silver in team races because your counterpart wouldn't place above last place. It didn't hurt your career completion, but it was sure as hell annoying if you were trying to 100% the game.If you're looking for a motorcycle game with the customization of gear and bike tuning like in Forza/ Grand Turismo for cars, this is as close as you're getting. And it's on point.If you enjoyed Ride 1 but felt it wasn't deep enough and got to be a grind fest, Ride 2 changes that.It has your standard races, championships, track days, time trials, team events, and special events. But it doesn't feel stale. The various bike classes, races mixed with the challenges, customizing of your bikes, motorcycle characeristics, and online races keep it fun.The level of difficulty is up to you. You can make it play like you're on a rail and can't brake too hard or throttle too hard. Or you can make it feel like you're playing DIrt Rally with every single assist turned off and the difficulty cranked up, giving you an equally challenging/ frustrating experience. In first gear and crack the throttle to 100%? You'll get kicked off. Gas it too soon coming out of an apex? You and your bike will go flying. Pass on the inside of a corner with too much speed then go into a slide off the track on the last lap? Have fun restarting.The performance ratings for parts and bikes the game uses is not perfect and there is still so much to build on. But being as this series is doing something new, that's to be expected. I would love to see more brands offered for parts with some more performance variations. Maybe just offer an EJK for a slip on/full exhaust. Or allow the ability to tune the ECU so you can use the same parts/bikes in various racing classes.Well worth the sale price in the current Steam Winter sale and still worth the full price after it's over. This can easily be a 70+ hour game not even including online races.I love the feeling of customizing the bike I own IRL with parts I can't afford yet and ripping around a track I dream of riding.Plus, Supermoto."
76561198171047755,Recommended,477770,32525358,Posted: 17 June,all,larsi1126,"Great game with an amazing selection of bikes, but I do wish there were more tracks."
76561198017250004,Recommended,477770,31821999,Posted: 18 May,all,Flinch,"The best motorcycle racing game money can buy, it's as simple as that..."
,Recommended,477770,25968320,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,SKD-007,"I just have one word to say ""Awesome""!!!The previous game Rider was already the best when it comes to superbike racing but this one is cherry on top.The beautiful thing about this game is bike physics - it just feels REAL...One downside is that the developers did not improve the graphics, as it still looks outdated compared to Forza Motorsport which looks more realistic.Thanks for giving us such a wonderful game Milestone.... good job :)"
,Recommended,477770,33022536,Posted: 29 June,all,Dralium,It's like Forza but for bikes.Pretty cool
,Recommended,477770,25986543,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,dedzzz,So far this is the best motorcycle game i playedPros:+ a lot of bike+ a lot of track+ beautiful graphics+ fun gameplayCons:- multiplayer crashRunning smooth 60fps with everything maxed out AA8X at 1080p on GTX1060 and i3-6100
76561198095521020,Recommended,477770,26793616,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sarssf,"After the launch of Ride (the first one) I felt they left out some key motorcycles. They came back stronger with Ride 2, adding a great line up of bikes with detail second to none, graphically amazing tracks and superb customizability. It feels like motorcycle enthusiasts made this game, knowing what their fans would look for and they delivered!"
76561198040250842,Recommended,477770,29649460,Posted: 2 February,all,Macks,"Very enjoyable bike racer, sort of what the first game should've been. Plenty of bikes, some nice real world and fictional tracks, and lots of events/time trials etc.Only problem is that it's quite demanding on the PC, so a good rig would be best for a solid framerate."
76561197994073969,Recommended,477770,27905750,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Captainslow,"So much better than Ride, the first version.With Ride 2, progression happens quicker than in Ride, but you still have to earn it.  This means more mods for your bike sooner.The physics model is tweakable for different levels of realism.  In its most realistic setting, it feels like the real thing.Much more immersive than the first version too.9/10"
,Recommended,477770,31812686,Posted: 17 May,all,XTRMNTR2K,"Thrilling, blazingly fast and most importantly -loads of fun.Due to my love for racing games, hardcore and lo-fi sims (""simcade"") in particular, I've had my eye on this game for a while. Having played previous Milestone titles, such as SBK 09 / 2011 / 12 Generations and MotoGP 13, I gave the demo of Ride 1 a try back when it was first released... and was swiftly disappointed. The handling just felt off and the game generally seemed to suffer from its share of technical issues and limitations.A lot of time has passed, however, and when Ride 2 and most of its DLCs went on sale, I thought to myself: If there's no demo, why not give it a spin and just get a refund if its not to my liking? (Something I generally don't do - I usually stick with my choice of purchasing a game.) And here I am, almost 40 hours of play time later!What's whatEven though I found the game's way of throwing itself at me upon first start less than perfect (i.e. forcing me to race a moderately powerful bike against the AI without letting me configure controls, difficulty and other things first), it nevertheless managed to provide a pleasant surprise within these first few kilometers on two wheels.First and foremost, the precision of the controls (using a 360 controller) is absolutely spot-on. While I found the bike controls in SBK 12 Generations (my favorite out of the series) far too twitchy, and the MotoGP series in generally far too floaty and spongy, I finally found myself at peace with the bike handling in Ride 2. Precision is key to being fast in racing, and the bikes in this game do exactly what you want them to - unless you can't handle some overpowered superbike (Kawasaki Ninja H2R, I'm looking at you!), of course.Performance on my machine (see below for specs) is great; I'm getting a rock-solid 60 FPS at maximum settings/1080p, and that's with a little bit of visual improvement using Reshade and Nvidia Profile Inspector.In case you are wondering: The graphics, while generally clean and decent, could be a little more crisp in my opinion; hence I am using Reshade to add a tiny bit of sharpening and Nvidia Profile Inspector to force higher Anisotropic Filtering (the game does not seem to offer an adjustable setting, and the vanilla setting is awful IMHO).Another issue that some will find quickly with this game is the lack of configurable field of view. After a while I found myself craving for a smaller field of view in order to improve racing in a tight pack as well as provide a better sense of scale, distance and speed; a lack of such an option as well as a lack of proper modding support makes it next to impossible to achieve it. As far as I understand, the community has been asking for an FOV slider since Ride 1 and did so again when Ride 2 was released, but ultimately fell on short ears with the developers.On the sound side of things, my main issues are the perceived lack of raw power in engine sounds, as well as the missing wind sounds (especially noticeable in helmet camera, which is pretty much all I ever use). The music tracks in menu and during race are decent, though; a little catchy and pulse-driving, but not so obtrusive as to get on your nerves.These bits of nitpicking aside, the technical side of things is otherwise fine as far as I can tell. The loading times, even when installed on a regular HDD, are only a few seconds for each race. On the downside, navigating through the menus could be a little bit faster - but that's criticism on a high level, really.The nitty-grittySo how's gameplay? Good, actually. The game has several AI difficulty levels to choose from, as well as various settings for realism and driving aids. There's even a - very practical - rewind function, which can be helpful to analyze crashes in order to learn what mistakes were made and correct them. Traction control is also configurable during a race, and always starts off at ""low"". (Other options are off, medium, high and full.) Riding aids aside, the different AI levels should allow most people to enjoy tight battles against computer-controlled opponents in most races; although their situational awareness is... not very situational. Or aware.That being said, the different single player game modes provide plenty of variety, especially combined with 30 fictional and real tracks and a huge load of bikes (~200 with paid and free DLCs, I think). Another reason to come back to this game on a daily basis are daily and weekly challenges, both of which allow you to earn tokens; these can be used to unlock permanent bonuses (i.e. ""more money earned in time trial"") or hire better AI riders for your team.""But how realistic is it?"", I hear you asking. Let me put it like this: Ride 2 is, from a physical point of view, as realistic as it should be. Racing simulations on 4 wheels can get away with more complex behavior since gaming wheels and FFB have become sophisticated enough to quickly and precisely convey lots of information about your vehicle to you, the driver. Motorcycle simulations don't have the luxury of widely available and affordable controllers made specifically for this purpose; gamepads - and their force feedback - are simply much less sophisticated (and less precise, too).I am aware of a mod that aims to bring the physics in Ride 2 closer to real life, and I have tried it. Though I see the point and applaud the creator for their endeavor, I ultimately think the mod is not ideal for the enjoyment of the game because it is in no way balanced against the AI, time trials or other things in the game - as well as the previously mentioned lack of proper FFB. (The most FFB I get with my 360 controller is a little rumble during shifting - sometimes.)It is also worth mentioning that, while somewhat limited, setting up your bike before a race is also available. And while it certainly is possible to race (and win) even with a standard setup, Ihighlyrecommend changing at least some basic settings (i.e. ride height & gearing) for most bike & track combinations. It isn't too complicated, either.VerdictWithout a doubt, Ride 2 is a very good racing game. Moreover, it is probably the best motorcycle game I have played so far - in no small parts due to its precise controls. It's not perfect and its surely not ultra-realistic, but itfeelscredible and authentic. There is a wide selection of beautiful, fast and exotic motorcycles that should make your heart leap for joy if one still beats in your chest; each and every one of them feels satisfying to tune and race. Most importantly, though, Ride 2 is addictive, bloody good fun on two virtual wheels.My computer specs:MSI Z170A Krait Gaming MS-7984 1151Intel Core i7-6700K @4.5GHzGainward GeForce GTX 1060 6GB PhoenixCorsair Vengeance LPX DDR4-3200 16GBCreative Soundblaster X-FiWin 10 Pro"
,Recommended,477770,25938041,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,NoHeadPetey,I really like this game. Better than the first Ride but I'm having an issue with my controller. My throttle keeps cutting in and out for whatever reason and I can't find a solution to it. If anyone has one please let me know. I've also posted this in the discussions as well. Thanks.
76561198064479480,Recommended,477770,28543628,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,fullontoast,"Ride 2 is more challenging than a car sim, But at the same time more rewarding.For anyone who loves motor racing , I highly recommend Ride 2."
,Recommended,477770,28188606,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,motoHERO,This game is the best representation of motorcycle riding/racing. Though you will never get anywhere close to the real thing it is still as good as it gets! keep up the great work
,Recommended,477770,26743249,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Slaaz,Im love with this game
,Recommended,477770,28591418,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,AR1,Great game if you love bikes
,Recommended,477770,26105677,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Maqspeed,"If you're dying for something to scratch that itch that Tourist Trophy has left since the late PS2 days, this is it. It even feels so much like Tourist Trophy, but I'd say the bike handling feels even slightly more engaging. I stayed away from Ride 1 due to hearing it was full of typical Milestone bugs and flaws, but I've invested a fair amount of time into to this one as the primary game I've been playing for the past week and it hasn't let me down in any significant or notable way. It's exactly what I've been waiting for in a production bike racing game."
,Recommended,477770,31696637,Posted: 11 May,all,BallHole,"Picked this up for 50% off.It's worth the full price.Seriously, do not listen to the negative reviews.You will do youself no favors if you love racing games.Just be aware that you need to customise the race options prior to the race if you want more realism.* Refering to the reviewer who spend 40mins in game and then got a refund and proceeded to trash it in review."
,Recommended,477770,32868173,Posted: 27 June,all,Sir-T0N-,This game look good and fun for me.Pros : It have many bike and can customize them.Cons : This take your time very much.
76561198009195259,Recommended,477770,30287078,Posted: 2 March,all,aryeh56,"I've tried a lot of Racing games, most of them lose my attention after just a couple hours, but this one is good for quite a few more. I love bikes. In real life I have my lemon of a triumph scrambler, and this game does manage to capture a bit of that excitement. The game runs well, even on my laptop (nvidia 950 M, I7, 8gb ram) and the progression feels way less grindy and ridiculous than a lot of racing games.The one thing I'd have to say is that the starting controls are terrible for keyboard. As soon as I successfully navigated the intro race (barely) I remapped the steering to A and D, Accel to W, front brake to S, rear to space, and shifters to Shift and Ctrl. With that fixed, its even pretty great to run on a keyboard, turning is smooth and intuitive. Over all a really great system. The degree of difficulty has a lot of range too. I like semi-pro with manual shifting, but I could see someone enjoying more relaxed play or more intense play too.The wide range of bikes is also pretty cool, but I refuse to believe that the Horex V6 actually corners as well as it does in game."
76561197998673274,Recommended,477770,31758886,Posted: 14 May,all,NELDOGZ,"This is an awesome game, best motorcycle racing game that I have ever played. I love the licensed bikes, physics and graphics. I really appreciate the work that went into it."
,Recommended,477770,27128644,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,riddlez,"After the disappointment of the first game, I was a little hesitant on trying this sequel out.Inital thoughts were completely different to the first game, the sounds, mechanics and overall feel of the game had been changed in good ways, it still somewhat looked like the first but a massive step in the right direction. I still think we haven't reached the point as to where these games should be in comparison to car simulator/arcade style games but this is possibly due to fan base versus cars.All in all, a great sequel and if you are thinking about trying it out definitely give it a go!7.5/10"
,Recommended,477770,28855017,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,★BigShot★,"Haven't seriously done any league car racing for years now and as a ""PC only gamer"" I have typically cringed at the thought of ever purchasing a console controller for myself... but these days there are more and more controller type games showing up on the pc scene and since I received a new Xbox 360 wireless controller for the holidays this year I went ahead and bought some new games to try it out with during the big Steam winter sale.Ride2 was one of those purchases...and I must say that even though the game has a couple of small technical issues it is just a TON of fun trying to learn how to get these bikes around the track using the new controller. I don't think I've had this much fun racing in a long time. When you're able after lots of practice to put a string of turns together properly and start to keep up with the pack of AI bikes in front of you...it'll be grins from ear-to-ear :-)- nice graphics- beautifully rendered real world tracks from all around the world...some closed circuit and some road courses.- realistic & very fun 1st person driving view (and other views are included as options)- good sounds- good interface- progressive/unlocking system- race against AI or other players- physics are not simulated to real world accuracy, but are lots of good fun including wheelies, slides, falling off bike if not careful, etc.- must use a controller, no wheel/joystick supportIf you have a controller and have a tendency to enjoy realistic looking racing games, then this motorcycle based ""sim-cade"" title is likely to scratch that itch pretty well... worth every penny, IMO..."
76561197993849752,Recommended,477770,25955272,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,yudhistirs,If you like BikesGet the GameIf you like to RaceGet the GameIf you just like to Ride with race music off and just listen to the exhaust note all the timeGet the GameIf Biking is a Therapy for you but you dont have money to own all the bikes in the worldGet the Game
76561198065364405,Recommended,477770,25924645,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,ChopDicks,"First impression: WOW!I played the crap out of the original ride game, and i loved it! But this game is SO much bettet. From the new sounds to the enw tracks, its absolutely amazing. IF YOU enjoyed the original ride game, you will love this game! If you are intrested in motorcycles in general, this game will be well worth the money. Take it from me, its amazing. Noting quite like it.When playing this game, use a xbox one controller or something like it, its unplayable with keyboard and mouse."
,Recommended,477770,33362801,Posted: 7 July,all,lunchai,best
,Recommended,477770,25910886,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Pansyfaust,"Ride 2 actually does improve on the 1st one in a lot of ways and makes it a much better game, so I'll go ahead and split this into sections so anyone debating the game due to price gets a good idea of what to expect.Story/Campaign:They've completely redone the campaign mode from the original game, and it now flows MUCH better and makes way more sense. The campaign is much like driveclub and the original game, but separate sections are added in to help newer players go along and learn to actually handle bikes and figure out correct racing lines before getting a literbike and smashing into every wall (Though you do get to enjoy that in the first race).Upgrading bikes increases an arbitrary performance point value which are limited based on the event you're entering, so you actually have to watch what you do to your bike if you want to race. As far as it keeping you from becoming much faster than the competition, there's still room to improve there, as I used the NSR125 to gold every event in the first class.Bike handling:This is honestly the biggest part of the new game. Bikes handle MUCH better. They handle very realistic and it's much easier to control them as the game does give a bit of assistance with inputs from a gamepad for obvious reasons. As another review complained, bikes seem like they have too much grip in the rain, though this is due to the game limiting steering input (to lower lean angles) and smoothing out braking. Whether this is a bad thing is up to you. Motorcycles in the rain are very finicky and require smooth inputs, which are difficult to do with a gamepad, so I believe it's an elegant solution with a good outcome.The supermotos are also extremely fun to race, and require an entirely different method of racing compared to street bikes. The selection of bikes included is about as big as the previous game, but the bikes themselves seem to be modeled much better and handle much more realistically than the twitchy hell that was RIDE.Customization:There's been a large amount of customization for bikes added, and many redundant menus were killed off from the original game (I'm looking at the wheel menu that took 10 minutes to get to the end of).Everything has been streamlined, the race bike enhancements are a nice touch, and you can still customize a great deal on your bike. With this said, it's still a bit limited and very much like the old game, especially in terms of power modifications. I never had much of a problem with the old system save for the really long menus, but since those have been fixed I feel customization is at a very good point in this game.AI:The AI still leaves a bit to be desired thus far. They still seem to have trouble seeing the player and like to crash into you if you're in their way. However, it's improved by MILES since the first game.The AI in the first race shows this, as they all followed good lines, and only the riders below 5th seemed to be braking too early into corners. At some point, I even ended up leaving 3rd place by 6 seconds and got in a battle for 1st with the AI, which led to me finishing in 1st by 0.029 seconds. In my experience, they've at least made the AI okay enough that you can play through the races with them and not get frustrated by AI crashing into you at every corner.Graphics and audio:The graphical enhancements do show through in-game, and I feel that it looks much better than the original. The Audio in-game has also been GREATLY improved, with bikes no longer sounding like hair dryers, but rather actual bikes. You still do need to ramp up the graphics settings in the menu to ger a proper looking game, but all-in-all this entire section of the game has been greatly enhanced and you'll most likely enjoy it.Misc:I'll just use this for other little problems I feel the game has:Taking screenshots is a bit stupid at this point in time. You have to set the camera and wait for the menu to disappear so you can use steam's screenshot function, as it won't let you take a picture otherwise.The race starts are still very abrupt, and if you're not ready as soon as the track loads in you're probably going to miss the start.Loading times are still fairly long. They've been improved and load time gets cut in half after you've done the initial load, but it's still a good wait."
,Recommended,477770,25909391,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Elusive Memory,"GREAT IMPROVEMENT FROM RIDE 1Clocked in two hours so far...Its been good.What i like so far:Definetly a lot of improvents from the prequel.Better graphics and bike sounds.Tracks look great and are enjoyable to ride in.60 fps! with everything maxed.Bikes handle pretty well too.Lots of customization!What i dislike so far:Textures look a little bad in some areas but isnt a big deal.Little bugs here and there(Got stuck on the bike viewing menu,Had to ctrl+alt+del and force close the game,Happened twice.)The mini cutscenes need a little work.Slight stuttering while useing the rear view while in a race (happened only twice).These are things that i've noticed so far,I've only played for two hours so I'll update if i notice anything as i play more down the line."
76561197985199599,Recommended,477770,25923234,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Nervous Bert,"Only a couple hours in and already absolutely loving it! I played the first RIDE and whilst I enjoyed it, I had some complaints, so I'll compare it to that a lot.Good:- Graphics are improved and pretty good. Still nothing amazing, but it runs superbly so I can't complain!- Bikes sound great! The previous game didn't sound very good, and few games do bike sounds right. Milestone have nailed it on this one!- Great variety of bikes and tracks- Customization is pretty good, though similar to RIDE 1.- First person view is actually useable now and feels very natural and fluid.Bad:- A few performance issues here and there, I get a solid 60fps (locked by vsync) everywhere, but on a few tracks, the game seems to slow down, I get input lag and my fps locks at exactly 30, before shooting back to 60, and goes back and forth. It's quite annoying, and definitely a bug as I have no troubles running the game otherwise, hopefully this gets fixed soon.- Textures are a little bit rubbish. I'm running the game absolutely maxed out, and some of the textures that you see closer when using the cockpit view are absolutely awful.All in all, a good experience, some bad bits can be forgiven, and hopefully some bugs will be fixed.7.5/10, best bike game available.--- 30 HOUR UPDATE ---Well I'm officially addicted to this game.Absolutely great variety of tracks and bikes. Don't think I've had a single race that I didn't enjoy. Credit to Milestone, the fictional tracks on this game are amongst the best I've ever seen in a game.I hereby upgrade the game to a solid 9/10."
76561198078719162,Not Recommended,477770,30014470,Posted: 18 February,all,nxtLVLnoob,The sounds in this game are extremely sub-par and do not accuratly represent sounds in real life of the bikes or even a tolerable sound. Do not recommend unless this is fixed...
76561198184962343,Recommended,477770,30570110,Posted: 17 March,all,cosmothegreat89,"Think of it as Forza but for motorcycles, I enjoyed Ride 1, but this time around they got it all right, ( except for the wheelie mechanics). Game looks awesome in 4k if your rig can push it.  On a side note , as a onwer of two of the faster race orented Harleys ( xr1200x and v rod) I'm sad to not see them in the game. AmA has a entire series dedicated to the xr in America and Europe. Anyway, awesome game. A must have for any motorcycle enthusist."
,Recommended,477770,30433624,Posted: 10 March,all,dtdynamics,Great game and the developers are really doing a decent job at fixing bugs and issues. redeeming qualities :)
76561198256429568,Recommended,477770,30634355,Posted: 20 March,all,bingram56,"This is the first motorcycle game I have played that ACTUALLY got my heart racing!! The AI is competent, the tracks are dynamic, and the different models of bikes behave according to their specs, chassis geometry, and category. I was getting bored playing MotoGP-15 and decided to see if there was anything available that looked more fun. I have never been able to find very many motorcycle specific games available on the market and I generally play every one I find. Ride 2 is the best one so far, period. That's not to say this game is perfect, but the cons to this game are minor annoyances like limited controller compatibility and lackluster menus. But when it counts this game delivers, like easing into the throttle to keep your rear tire from melting as you leave the apex at full lean to drag race that darn Honda that has been dogging you for half a lap to the final hairpin. Get the game, get a Steam controller (if you don't already have one), and enjoy the best motorcycle game on PC available to date."
,Not Recommended,477770,30046524,Posted: 19 February,all,Bast,Editing my review after playing some more. This game could be a lot better. They really should have spent more time making the controls feel responsive. Steering is laggy and hard to control. The tires randomly let go if you trail brake in the slightest or apply a little throttle out of a turn. The gymkhana courses are obnoxious.
,Recommended,477770,32501369,Posted: 17 June,all,MumbleMcFumble,What can I say... Ride 2 is the best riding game I have ever played.  If you are into bikes... buy it.
76561197987407012,Recommended,477770,31884089,Posted: 21 May,all,Pugzilla,Great game if you like motorbikes.
76561198064364445,Recommended,477770,31916135,Posted: 23 May,all,enso,"One of the best racing games I ever played. It's amazing in all aspects. A lot of great bikes, beautiful racing tracks, balanced physics and a sea of fun... 10/10---------------------------------Одна из лучших гоночных игр. Куча классных байков, красивые трассы, сбалансированная физика и море удовольствия. Любителям жанра настоятельно рекомендую."
76561198271606792,Recommended,477770,31860418,Posted: 20 May,all,piggybank collector,This game is awsome graphics are not amazing but i dont think graphics are everything the ai players on the game are so fun feels like real players they are the best ive played with feels like player multiplier will be having many more hours on this game i regret buying all the dlc though they are to exspensive for whar you actually get
76561198076426118,Recommended,477770,31873221,Posted: 20 May,all,Rick Titball,"pros:great selection of bikes.great handlinggreat soundsall around fun experiencecons:pre race menu timers - no buenoin the 0-300pp races, if youre not riding a 2 stroke 250cc bike, youre going to lose and there is nothing you can do about it.overall it is worth the money. 5/7"
76561198164615816,Recommended,477770,31853190,Posted: 19 May,all,noot noot,This game if for any who likes motorcycles and video games. I super realistic but not to the point where it isnt fun like some other racing games i have seen. Def worth the purchase 100%
,Recommended,477770,25920777,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Flashpan,"Didn't own Ride 1, so I have no frame of reference.However, I have played most of the SBK's and I have ridden motorcycles in real life (GPX600, Gpz 900, VFR750, CBR900RRR and the ZXR-9)Really enjoying this game. It's like Gran Turismo, but for two wheels.I'm still playing with the default NSr-125, but the physics feel pretty good and the bikes are no longer super twitchy - like in real life. I think MileStone are on to a winner here with regard to handling.Graphically, I wasn't expecting much, but was completely blown away. It looks exceptionally good and runs very fluidly - it feels like a next gen product.If you have only the slightest interest in bikes and would like to 'ride' some of the best road bikes out there, I would not hesitate to purchase this. Highly recomended!"
,Recommended,477770,34879063,Posted: 11 September,all,RockRouse,For me hands down the best bike racing game i have ever played forza for bikeslove it!!!!
,Recommended,477770,31755855,Posted: 14 May,all,ninetoes,get my fix when my bikes are in the workshop
76561198056382930,Recommended,477770,34121241,Posted: 9 August,all,Skython,"A lot of people give Milestone flak, but every game they get better and better. Ride 2 is a fine example of what happens when they get it right, the game is an improvement over the first iteration in every way. And they only just released the first game 18 months or so prior, so that's a short gap between games for such a small company. The bike list is the best I've ever seen boasting a huge variety of bikes from supermoto to full blown TT bikes.Though the game isn't without faults. The game isn't optimised much better than the first; the supermoto bikes could really do with some dirt tracks like what was in the Valentino Rossi game. Or better yet, make a bike equivalent of Forza Horizon! Wait no, settle down there, Skython. You just said that they're a small company, they couldn't afford that, or optimise it. Not to mention that only about eight people would probably buy it.But anyway, if you like road bikes, this game is definitely for you."
,Recommended,477770,29235218,Posted: 13 January,all,Killaguerilla,Its Forza motorsport but with bikes.  Thats the simpleist way I can descrbe it.Strikes a nice balance between realism and arcadeyness.A metric♥♥♥♥♥♥tonne of bikes to choose from.Nice customisation system.A great selection of tracks aswell. Both real and fictional including road courses.No isle of man tho.Bad pointsThe game lacks a certain degree of polish. Some bike models look a bit low polly in places. textures can be a bit iffy as well.Shouldnt let that turn you off tho still a great game.Would recomend If your into your bikes or just want a good racing game.
76561198142082460,Recommended,477770,29315873,Posted: 17 January,all,SyNtax,"Tbh honest I'm a bit dissapointed. The graphics are great, the bikes are great but customisation could be a bit more in depth. The gameplay is realistic enough. My only issue with it is the gameplay is too simple. Could be more to it and for the price you'd hope so. I reccomend it but I'd wait till its cheaper. I will say this, it's better than Ride 1 and I hated Ride 1. So if you liked Ride 1 you will definitely like this.. 7/10"
76561198003474846,Recommended,477770,29269159,Posted: 15 January,all,J. Hohenzollern,"Pros: Ride2 is currently the best bike racing game or ""Simulator"" out there right now and compares close between the graphics of Project Cars and Assetto Corsa. The game play is addictive and I have enjoyed many hours on it with lots of bikes to choose from with each and everyone of them highly detailed but if you are wondering if it is like Milestones other titles it is way more improved and better in many ways that I recommend this title on higher end machines.Cons: Underated. Don't miss out on this one."
,Not Recommended,477770,26043314,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,PEPSI MAN,the ai in this game is ridiculous i have them on easy and they do everything perfectly. i have an extensive background with racing games i shouldnt be having such difficulty with easy. they brake later and somehow make the turn and i dont the ai is stupid. and when you shove the throttle and do a wheelie then come back down you bounce right back up and then lose control its very annoying.
,Recommended,477770,25917002,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,novakin,"I've played SBK, MotoGP all games, Valentino Rossi the game and this game is most realistic game, after you get into the game and start buying, upgrading and setting the bike as you prefer, the game is great. Also, there are more interesting stuff and different experience from different tracks to everything..."
,Recommended,477770,26041294,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Ducky848,"The intro shoves you into it without any ability to configure controls, so you have to use this completely unnatural and who the hell came up with that default key configuration anyway. Someone with 3 fingers clearly.What a mess!No controller support either? Fine guess I'm going to map it out with my controller utility...What the hell... my rider brakes FOR ME!? What the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Can't power through the turns or anything. Practically autopilot... If I wanted training wheels , I would've asked for them!But my patience and eagerness to see what is beyond, was worth the wait. After the first bull**** mission, you have full access to configure everything. Much better!Guys seriously, just replace the whole intro mission with a video. Please. That was ridiculous."
,Recommended,477770,26042073,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,austinonevia,"I went into this game with low expectations, having played the first Ride and not liking it very much, but I did really like MXGP and MXGP2 so I decided to give it a try. I was really impressed with how much the physics have improved, it's not a full simulator but just the right amount of both arcade and simulation. The bike list is incredible, and the customization is awesome. I do wish there were more liveries to choose from and I wish you could change the color of the suspension (sometimes I want to upgrade the shocks fully but don't want them to be gold) and a few other parts. The game runs and looks great at max settings at 60 fps on my GTX 970 and FX 8320. Overall I am very glad I bought this game and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who loves racing games and motorcycles."
,Recommended,477770,25965290,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,kds8404,"I've also played MotoGP 14, Ride, and VR46. I think the developer has finally refined the gameplay for these games. Hand down all of them have the best physics of any motorcycle racing games. Body position really affects handling especially when braking. There is a good variety of modificatoins that you can make to the bikes but there are some obvious oversights. For example you there is a selection of grips but no option for aftermarket rearsets. Some modifications have brands and models, and other things like brake calipers don't. Overall the game is well done. The only problem i'm having is figuring out how multiplayer works."
76561198065998411,Recommended,477770,32700454,Posted: 23 June,all,xxx the slump pump,"cons:Kinda hard at firstnot the greatest graphicssounds are not that greatnot that many bikes (still alot of cool bikes)would've been nice with some harley's or chopperspros:once you've learnt the controls, it feels amazing (takes about 30m - 1hr to learn controls and ride nicelyhas a lot of awesome bikes which can be customized and/or upgradedkinda sucks that you have to grind for the bikes, but you don't. cheat engine has got you covered with plenty of cash ingame.is really fun to play neither the less, it's smooth once youi got the controls and also pretty damn fun!"
,Recommended,477770,26055735,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,point_Zer0,"Awesome game for the off-season. Or if you are waiting for your dealer to open a preorder for the 2017 bikes)It is as fun as GRID once was, but with bikes instead of cars. The game let you choose whether you want to play an arcade or a real simulator.But the game really needs a controller to have even more fun, because otherwise the throttle is on on\off mode and it's not nice while cornering."
,Recommended,477770,25967076,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,wobblycaptain,Around 10 hrs playing so far and its still got my attention must be good :-)https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLjgrKt6WYsvCiKuqcDmKufD5l0HtMaPCy
76561198060496901,Not Recommended,477770,26668117,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Blako,Well this is the last time i buy a milestone game. After 6 weeks i can finally play online and still crashes. I wish there was another game to rival it because these developers are lazy as f***
76561198062396161,Not Recommended,477770,28820117,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,toyko,"Even though fraps says I'm getting 75fps, it feels more like 25. The game is pretty to look at, and can be fun in small spurts, but like many Milestone games it doesn't seem to have a ""soul"". It's a much better offering than Ride 1, but that only serves to remind me what a bug infested pile that game was. After playing Ride 2 for a while I realized that for some reason I was just not having any fun. Oddly too, whenever I exit out of the game, it remains running in the Steam UI and I have to ctrl-alt-delete to stop the game and reboot Steam. Bugs like these are so typical for Milestone products.  I'm willing to bet that after getting deeper into the game more bugs will appear. Other people seem to love this game, so your results may vary, I know there aren't many good game choices out there  for people who love bikes, but unless you are really desperate, I would suggest waiting until Ride 2 is somewhere around ten bucks."
76561198006125695,Recommended,477770,25906843,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,PointBlank,Best onboard + bodyposition and camera  in any bike game also far less twitchy as in the real world.Thank you Milestone.As Ex Club racer  I recommend Highly
76561198147925353,Not Recommended,477770,25930253,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Typhoon2000,"Rather than listing every positive, to which there are many. I will just list the negatives. Just like the first game this is horrendously optimised on PC, or should I say unoptimised .... the frame rates on certain circuits are absolutely horrendous. My PC has the capability to play the likes of GTA V and BF4 on ultra graphics as well as other racers like F1 2016 and MotoGP, yet for some reason, the frame rates on both Ride games are just horrendous. Ride was heavily flawed and released too early, I have the exact same feeling for Ride 2."
,Recommended,477770,25905972,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,leegreco.lg,"Not one for reviews, actually my first on steam..........but if like me you were thinking of picking this up but unsure I'd definately recommend it. So much better than Ride and they've done an amazing job between the two titles. Runs very smoothly on my 980ti in 3440x1440 (yes it works in 21:9) resolution on high settings as long as I drop the AA down to 2x and looks great now. If you like the job milestone did on valentino rossi you'll like this.........and forget the first Ride as it doesn't compare!"
76561197967538177,Recommended,477770,26206231,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Crogom,Awesome addicting motorcyle racing game!
76561198009782730,Recommended,477770,31899361,Posted: 22 May,all,ChefHurdyPerdy,"Without a doubt my favorite racing game, New track releases would be awesome."
,Recommended,477770,27640957,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,fNaly,"the brands , the bikes , the accessories , the manual gear , the realistic steering , the sound quality , the third/first person ,  the gameplay you name it man , every dream rider's game is this game :) hopefully they will add free traffic ride mode to make it more fun :) but over all its worth it <3"
76561198132343380,Recommended,477770,26052715,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Spooky wolf,The sequal to Cheetahs mum.....Cheetahs Mum 2
76561198030972759,Recommended,477770,25957797,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,fabiangc,I own all Milestone motorcycle games since Motogp 13. It has been improving over the years and the latest releases of VR the game and Ride 2 are very good. It seems they reached the limit of what current engine can do. Maybe next step is to upgrade to a new engine allowing more sophisticated graphics and physics. Ride 2 is great game and great evolution from previous ride. Must have for those who lines bikes and racing in general.
,Recommended,477770,26040886,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Princess Greg,"Did you hate the original ""Ride""? Welcome to the club. This game however, is nothing short of what we as gamers wanted for a sequel.Pros:Lots of bikesGood SoundsFun, but not arcade physicsDecent customizationPretty decent AISupermotos!ConsMay just be me, but even the easy setting is ♥♥♥♥ing difficultHad problems with controller supportRarely invisible walls on track, but it does happen.Overall rating: 8/10. This game is fun, plain and simple. Definitly worth the 55$ CAD price tag"
,Recommended,477770,25996643,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Aromakon,"Ride 1 was a good game not great but not bad i really enjoyed it but i did get boring after a short whileRide 2.... Starting off with the lag in the first couple races of Ride 1 there was some random lag spikes (i have a pretty good pc) As for the lag on Ride 2 i havent had any so far. Ride 2 has started off alot better than Ride 1 With A better first race. The new Bikes Are AWESOME Having Motards Are Great But The steering is WAY to Sensetive Also a random thing with the husqy is when you brake and downshift, It is like you Stall The Bike the revs just drop and the bike stops making noise, its not untill you get back on the throttle does the engine noise comeback. The AI Needs to be fixed as the come barreling in to corners and wipe you out. Bikes Sound SO much better. Also Maybe Need to Add Some more Modern 750cc Bikes eg: 2008 Suzuki GSXR 750 Not just older ones. The Drag races maybe need to be More Difficult. But all in all A MUCH better game then Ride 1"
76561198005208247,Recommended,477770,25992319,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Free,"This is a very good game, as a long time biker this covers preety much the whole exsprence very well. except the controls are terrible, not directly but theres no option for seting up a joystick or wheel etc. come on guys add full controller support. Make a good game Great...."
76561198059770560,Recommended,477770,26003676,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,DirtyBirdy,"Physics.Not that good as in MotoGP15, but, as you get more powerful bikes, it gets harder to control.Oh, that wheelies - there's a separate setting for those - good fun.AI.Unexpectedly strong, even on 'very easy'. And the behavior is not liner:it gets better lap after lap :) same as a player is suppose to - that's a nice touch I would say.Graphics.Has a bit higher requirements than MotoGP15, but wait - those are nice views, not just track.Bikes - they are just awesome... Very detailed, I can stare at each one all day long :DI even decided to upgrade my GPU and don't regret it.Gameplay.Haven't tried multiplayer yet - unable to join to any lobby for some reason...Solo - not bad, maybe somewhat boring because of physics, but tons of events andhuge number of motorcycles seem promising.Overall.Worth buying. For those who ride in real life, it will ease our waiting for the spring and new season :DHere and there you will find some nice touches that will put a smile on your face.Anyway, I don't know better game of this kind out there..."
76561197988898586,Recommended,477770,26022013,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Skipper,"You guys need to patch the crap out of the AI. I cant win a race on any f-ing track on very easy because the first place guy can run perfect lines through the track and the guys behind you can out run any motorcycle you ride. On top of everything the online servers are non existent. I check each time I play and theres usually 1 game thats private and nothing else, create one and just sit alone forever, join one thats made public and its just 2 people that meant to make it private and they kick you out. ok the online stuff will likely get better when the game catches traction but the AI are seriously flawed. I cant win on super easy making me look bad, but on the tracks I know really well I can beat out the AI on realistic...FIX FIX FIX AND all will be happy but I am now having to fix a fist sized hole in my wall because I came in 6th on the easiest setting and its upsetting."
76561198030091279,Recommended,477770,26008090,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Diaboliq,"I like it a lot! On the hardest mode (reasilstic), sometimes im a mile ahead of 2nd place, and smoetimes i cant even keep up with last place. Overall though its a fun game. Some racing knowledge is necessary to have any fun with this game though IMO."
76561197961727220,Recommended,477770,25990529,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,SmashDeals,"I like the game, had ride 1, this is an improvement, update the game with more customization options, like custom paint, or at least the ability to change the color of liverys"
,Recommended,477770,35220640,Posted: 26 September,all,SPOOPY MCDOOTY,"play this once when i couldn't ride my actual motorbike, not bad"
,Not Recommended,477770,27568518,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Isaac Chavira,"PROS:*Better textures and lighting*Supermoto is now a part of the gameCONS:*MASSIVE FRAME RATE STUTTERING AT THE LOWEST settings (GTX1070 8GB GDDR5 w/ i7 6-Core 3.6Ghz and 32GB RAM)*No real significant changes to be called a NEW game or Sequel.*Non-existent Online play*Tokens are used for?????*In game rider gear is more expensive than most of the upgrades. I'm sorry but an Arai RX7 gold plated wouldn't even cost 4000.This sim would be great if not for the horrendous frame rate stuttering. I have it on the lowest settings possible. And still I get massive frame rate drops.Second this is not a new game at all. It is basically a lazy attempt at one. It's only an expansion pack in my own opinion. You get a few new bikes and tracks, nothing more. If fact it has even less content than RIDE 1 had as far as upgrades went. There are only a very small handful of 2016 bikes, very small, like under 10.Knowing Milestone they will not fix this badly made CONSOLE PORT, yes folks that's right. It is not a PC game at all. Online play is NON-EXISTENT. Moto GP 09/10 had a better player base and that game wasn't good either, albeit better than this garbage.I have 8.2 hours on record. And I must say, I think that is a really honest try. I guess now I wait for Forza 7 to come out which is rumored to feature bikes as well.I really do feel cheated buying this. I can see now why it was on sale."
76561198368484338,Recommended,477770,34762200,Posted: 5 September,all,Crashlow93,the creature will be back to laguna ride2 ... :D
76561198023106508,Not Recommended,477770,33178899,Posted: 3 July,all,Räkost,"This game is a huge let down for me.I love bikes and this game seemed really cool at first.But as I got a couple of hours in, the huge problems with the game started to dawn on me.Bad graphics. Just don't like the textures and models in the game. Looks like the game was made in 2006...Not to mention that when you are in Helmet view in the game in some bikes and your model idly moves at stand still, you are left a floating head above a body that moves around..Huge in-game stuttering, like it would freeze for over 3 seconds every 10 seconds. I was teleporting forward, not riding.Mediocre sound quality. I mean, you can recognize the sound of the bikes in relation to reality.. But that's about it. Quality is just awful. It sound so damn artificial, no depth to the sound."
76561198300195902,Recommended,477770,26180734,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Azzaronek,Great racing game. Several bikes from old ones (2-strokes etc.) to new ones (H2R etc.).I really like bikes and my favourite is supermoto mode and in this game it's really nice.Beautiful grapichs and good physics. AI is ok.Huge step forward if compering to ride 1.This is really good game!Strongly recommend!
,Recommended,477770,33060689,Posted: 30 June,all,mbahgito,ntap jiwa
76561198041734838,Recommended,477770,26213121,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Jaggy,This is no Asetto Corsa quality game but its the best game out there if you have to race a bike. Why dont milestone just try a little to support their games. They put it out there and their arrogance is astonishing.  little things here and there to be fixed but they have had their money and now dont seem to care. Its a really sloppy attitude and bad buisness to. You know when you play this game you feel that they have the ability to produce somthing quite wonderful if they would only go the extra mile.How bout a mode for inreased reality where you can actually step out the rear wheel with ease on a powerful bike thats cranked over in the wet. The multiplayer is a joke and needs to be more in the vein of Asseto Corsa where you can see whats on offer and simply drop in. Come on Milestone you have the expertise to make millions of bikers happy if you start earnestly trying to improve these games you will get many many more takers.
76561198101960889,Not Recommended,477770,34886649,Posted: 11 September,all,lancelotyen,"Actually, I recommend Ride 2, IF ! IF you don't care about cockpit/helmet view.Milestone adds something like 'lock to horizon' effect to cockpit/helmet view. It maybe good for new comer. But it is not realistic. I spand a few days to mod the game.https://youtu.be/TZtd6wqiq7QCockpit view should look like this. I removed 'SmorzerCameraComponent' inHELMETCAMRAS.BML/COCKPITCAMRAS.BML.I played milestone games since SBK09-10. Milestone already made 1st person view right in Ride 1 and Motogp. Why change it in Ride 2??? If that new effect has any good, make it an option. So players can choose.Other than cockpit/helmet view, Ride 2 is much better than Ride 1."
76561198283916791,Recommended,477770,25913642,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,GRIZZLY ADAMS,TOP♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,477770,26212879,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,xKeito,"It's a nice game. There are some bugs when you're going uphill, the bike goes up and down for some reason, but no problems so far. Looking forward to future updates, by the way, could you add a 2009 Kawasaki ZX6R and add some realistic sounds? 10/10 bike game."
76561198079124804,Recommended,477770,26238881,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,eric62164,Graphics and controls are spot on.  But i  love Bikes anyway.
,Not Recommended,477770,28874043,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,I_Am_Mertin,the time trial game avoiding cone is useless.
76561198154204284,Recommended,477770,29006210,Posted: 4 January,all,KoongaW[TH],Very good game but online is so hard to join with my own friend hope you make
76561198168700460,Recommended,477770,29290132,Posted: 15 January,all,-M-JADED JAYNE,At first i didn't know how to feel about this game now that i have played it for a while it's amazing. Graphics are great the gameplay is great. Probably the best motorcycle racing game i have ever played. First person is insane and feels like your really getting down and dirty in the corners. If only they made it to where you could do like a free roam in the streets as well .
76561197985396953,Recommended,477770,29419583,Posted: 22 January,all,Trog,Its got all your favourite crotch rockets and zoom zooms.
76561198022811773,Recommended,477770,29320964,Posted: 17 January,all,Phantomas,"Awesome game if you are a bike lover!great bikes from all over the factorys,great customisations and trucks!!!Can't stop playing even time attacks to break the best time from all over the world!!!Nice job this time milestone better than ride1!!!p.s:Thanx for the free dlc bikes!"
76561198060421127,Recommended,477770,35292610,Posted: 29 September,all,S1ickReed,Alot of fun
76561198065777943,Recommended,477770,34829842,Posted: 8 September,all,SuperSaiyan,all thies Whoolies  !
76561198250465960,Not Recommended,477770,30350224,Posted: 5 March,all,unclefart,"This game has the merits to be a great game, However having to use the keyboard for controlls really does not do this game justice, Struggling to find the controlls does not make this an enjoyable experience! You would think that in todays age where everyone has a controller for gaming that the makers of this would have made it more joypad friendly!"
76561198015791886,Recommended,477770,25983655,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,REGAN,"I give this game a ""MOTHEROFGODMILESTONEFINALLYMADEAGOODMOTORCYCLEGAMEFORPCTHATSOPTIMIZEDHASROADRACINGTRACKSANDGOODSELECTIONANDFEELWHATISGOINGONTHISCAMEOUTOFNOWHERE"" out of 5."
76561197970907497,Recommended,477770,30092341,Posted: 21 February,all,Phist,To follow up:Whoever writes their english might as well of shor their investors in the head....Less stable?What you even ♥♥♥♥ed me up by making it sound like♥♥♥♥♥♥was.... Slides better.Idiots
76561198000923075,Not Recommended,477770,26431314,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Killjoy455,"I really thought I would like this game. I read many reviews (Good and Bad) and watched a few videos on Youtube. I had trouble registering whether I was riding a motorcycle or a lawnmower; the sounds of the bike are hardly immersive or enticing, I dont care what kind of sound system you have, it sucks. The physics are alright, nothing great. Advancement or trying to win a race is frustrating. I Chose 1/4 of the starter bikes that the game grants you, a Honda NSR sport bike. I upgraded this bike twice yet I finished in 5th place every race I played; After awhile I found out this game was not worth my time or money. I am quite disappointed. The customization of the bikes is nice though. This game resembles Forza in a motorcycle aspect, but does not deliver in simulation. End of story."
76561198288654903,Recommended,477770,29619337,Posted: 31 January,all,Tom Speed,Hope can send to the following official Bikes Package:Kawasaki Bikes Pack:ZX-10RR、ZX-12R、H2 Carbon、Z1000R、GPZ900R、Ninja 1000.MV AGUSTA Pack: F3 800 RC、F4 RC、2017 DRAGSTER 800 RC、DRAGSTER RR LH 44、F4 RZ、F3 800 AMG.Super Bikes Pack: Aprilia RSV4 FW-GP、BMW HP4 RACE、Ducati 1299 Superleggera、Ducati 1299 Panigale S Anniversario、2016 SUZUKI GSX R-1000R、2016 YAMAHA R1S.Free Bikes Pack:CBR Bikes Pack(RIDE 1)、BMW HP2、Ducati Diavel Diesel、Ducati Diavel Titanium、MV Agusta F4 750 SPR EVO、2016 MV Agusta Diablo Brutale（Pirelli Special Edition）......
,Not Recommended,477770,34592498,Posted: 29 August,all,sanePerson,Won't work with any of my controllers. Can't change anything with the buttons. What a waste of money.
,Not Recommended,477770,26269021,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Para  Medics (RobbehT),"This game got me very excited with the RR tracks & bike list but unfortunately i haven't been able to join a single multiplayer game for more than 30 seconds before disconnecting.It doesn't matter if i join or i host but this is a total deal breaker for me and future milestone games because i can't race with my friends, even when they are setup up gaming next to me.On top of this it has the same bugs as the first ride such as the bike pictures getting mixed up and stuttery graphics.Poor form Milestone.  That latest patch didn't fix a single thing either with online connectivity.I have tried port forwarding and getting other friends to host a server but we can't stay connect for more than 30 seconds before we we D/C.Last milestone game i'll ever buy"
,Recommended,477770,28295699,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,KobaEnigma13,Amazing. So much better than the first game which was great.
76561198226824680,Not Recommended,477770,25903835,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,TR1CKASTAR,"75 mins in..... feels like the og ride.... more stuff in customise bike and kit... thats it. oh and rain but with no tcs still wont budge the rear wheel, keeps in line with front. AI still too easy on hardest setting, and knock you off now and again."
76561197969893764,Recommended,477770,25948716,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Gomoto,Best motorcycle game available
,Not Recommended,477770,27897081,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,JinkASUS,"I bought the special edition bundle hoping to get those bikes for free, but instead developer only makes em available for purchase??? I am totally ♥♥♥♥ing disappointed, totally regret for not getting just the base game"
76561198019012053,Recommended,477770,28688093,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Stickleback,"I own Ride..Ride 2 is a good one also.27 06 2017.Update on the point system. If your playing online or want to play online,  expect to lose points when a host decides to log everyone out after a race, no points or cash are awarded and points are taken away from you when you next log in. Other than its good"
,Not Recommended,477770,33267267,Posted: 5 July,all,eric,the game looks amazing.somhow steering reacts like an epeleptic scocking  before it finaly leans its way to slow to get the best out of the gameits a shame cause it is a nice game but that spoils the fun
76561198024487059,Not Recommended,477770,26711686,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,dnagir,"The only nice thing about this game is graphics. The rest is average at best but depends what one needs.For me:- tracks are complete joke, not even close to something similar to real- the bike handling is super far from any realism, try riding a thou through grass cranked over in real life (and that's in pro mode)- I couldn't even ride the bikes I wanted. Only few are on offer while others you have to ""buy"" and work for it. Didn't I just purchase the game and all the pack? Huh?- No ""career"" mode as such- Joystick feedback is next to useless (it actually makes it worse): delayed by about 1s, sometimes just vibrates for about 3s for no reason while on the straight. Better without it unfortunately.Those are only few things from top of my head. Having said that, as an arcade to waste few hours it's okay.But I expected a lot more."
,Not Recommended,477770,26687646,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,BORBEER.,Play does not ride 2
,Not Recommended,477770,25939276,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,ChrisWhitman,"Ultimately I can't recommend Ride 2, despite thinking that it has a lot of really good elements: pretty solid graphics, great bikes with excellent detail and it runs solidly on my machine. Generally speaking, I *like* the ""simcade"" style racing games, where traction and line and setting up corners properly are important elements, but I've just come off playing quite a bit of Forza Horizon 3, a game which has such a well-constructed loop of races, events and getting new vehicles that just moves you through the content at such a good pace--a game that feels great to just play--that Ride 2 is like hitting a brick wall of inaccessibility.I'd actually managed to forget that I went through this with the original game when it came out. If you don't play moto GP games, even if you play other racing games, prepare to place dead last in every race even on very easy difficulty, and to do this for a very long time. Slowly you will chip away at the difficulty, and over a period of weeks you will eventually start winning races, cranking up the difficulty, and actually get to the point where the game is tense and engaging, but this is a weeks' long project. There is no gentle difficulty curve or onboarding to speak of. You are going to need to accept having a bad time for a very, very long time before you are going to be able to have any fun playing this game.Assuming this turns out like the first one, there really is a fun game hiding in here, but it's the chipping; it's the long, tedious and unfulfilling process to get to the level of capability you will need to have to expose that game. It just kills me that once again they've made the decision to make this game basically unplayable by non-fans when all it really would have taken was the addition of easier difficulty modes that non-experts can play on, and massaging the reward curves for playing to make it just a little less of a grind to experience the game. Why throw all that hard work away on a great racing simulation by making such poor game design choices?So as both an IRL game developer and motorcyclist I have to give this a thumbs down. SO close to greatness, but just hamstrung by making it so miserable for new players to pick up and play."
76561198086774975,Not Recommended,477770,34026015,Posted: 4 August,all,madbox,bike controls are impossible to handle
76561198319327157,Recommended,477770,30971688,Posted: 5 April,all,TOP,Goodgame
,Not Recommended,477770,33434750,Posted: 10 July,all,Bassnbru,Horrible controlls. My controller wont connect at all.
,Recommended,477770,31640039,Posted: 8 May,all,ahn_star,"System Specs:AMD Ryzen 1800XAsus Crosshair VI HeroG.Skill Flare X 16GB 3200mhzNvidia 1080 ti X2Custom Liquid cooled systemThe Good:+Large assortment of Bikes+Great racing. Fun.+High poly count on bikes. Very well done with accuracy; I owned 2 bikes 2006 Honda CBR 600RR and 2008 Yamaha R6.+Bike styles are plentiful; They're not all street bikes.+Every style has it's unique feel and the bikes I bought in game have different feel to them.+Upgrades make a difference and they look good.+Reward system at the end of the season allows you to win a bike!+UI is simple. Not ultra flashy but works.+Game performance was excellent even though Ryzen hasn't been doing great on gaming (coming from an Intel guy). I average well over 180+ fps on one 1080ti. I didn't play the game with sli enabled; The game may not have an sli profile but isn't needed.+All 8 cores & 8 threads were being used during game play.+Loading was very quick.+4 rider outfit profiles so you can switch between your favorites easily.+Plenty of tracks from world locations to realworld race tracks.+Race Tracks are accurate and look excellentThe Bad:-Music is not very good. I personally turned it down.-Motor sounds are not as loud as I would like.-Making contact, even light contact or another rider touches you, or you run off the track by a foot, your lap is invalid. I only can assume it's because people have cheated.What to work on for Ride3:Add Road Rash fighting mechanics. lol ok really, I'd like the sounds to be louder! Music isn't a big deal since the majority of us can just turn on our spotify. In Ride3, I do hope they add a radio similar what's in Eurotruck and American truck.Overall:A must buy.I did buy the game while it was on sale at $24.99 so it feels like a STEAL! Motorcyle racing doesn't have a huge gaming audience but the developers did very well with Ride2. It's immersive and I plan on playing much more."
76561198236052602,Not Recommended,477770,32488563,Posted: 16 June,all,christian_curran,"Disapointing, is there an option to return this? Is there an option to customise my controlpad?My bike is braking by itself !!! Is that right?Polyphony's Tourist Trophy was far superior, but my ps2 died...."
76561198168911029,Recommended,477770,31108512,Posted: 12 April,all,vx,Crazy good. I played Superbike 2001.
,Not Recommended,477770,30014801,Posted: 18 February,all,^ea†er^,controlls cannot be mapped. applying for refund
76561197972729524,Not Recommended,477770,29916800,Posted: 14 February,all,Perus_TC,I cannot recommend a game that I cannot play.I was not aware that you either need to use a controller or the arrows keys to steer.I could not find any way to change the mapping either.VERY Disappointed!
76561198011256744,Not Recommended,477770,31632106,Posted: 8 May,all,Skitzo Sam,Refunded after 20mins.Bikes look arcadey and dont even handle or sound like the real thing. The only thing that comes even close to the real thing is when you crash and you see your lifeless body heaped on the floor. As a biker i can honestly say stay away from this game. If you have never riden a bike before then it maybe fun for you.
,Not Recommended,477770,29543161,Posted: 28 January,all,moe,took us 1 hour try to set up proper lobby in ssorcererr league for 11 player without someone got disconected.NO.
76561198185128499,Not Recommended,477770,31659403,Posted: 9 May,all,phee8756,"I thinking for the game after I read the reviews so I just wanna try out after they put 50% price,everything was OK but just the way to play the game was so boring because you've to play from start up to collect the points to get the bikes that present I just wanna ride any bikes to get feeling how to handle for real life,hey I'm to old to play some kind of this game because I just wanna relax and have fun but dont need to listen the game play it waist my times."
76561198049242594,Recommended,477770,26078900,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,conceptviper,"If like me you enjoyed riding spirits or tourist trophy on the ps2 then theres a good chance you'll enjoy ride 2.Good selection of bikes and a diverse amount of courses.Also similar to forza in that you are only allowed a certain amount of mod points and cannot excede the amount for certain races.Runs smoothly and is fun to play,I highly recommend this game."
76561197967540272,Recommended,477770,26277205,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Capt. Rum,"12 hours in and enjoying every bike so far. Its so fun getting on a 50hp cafe racer and next race on 200hp+ race bike with everything in between!Coming from a few MotoGP games I was worried about the handling and can say its very good. Great Sound. First time I took off on a 2 stroke I was smiling how great it sounded. Looks awesome, I was getting stuttering at first, but turned off motion blur and game runs great now. AI is just ok.Shame there is no bumps or vibrations, every track feels like it has a perfect smooth surface.No left foot movement for shifting?? Foot does moves for rear brake so I dont understand why not for shifts.Very little throttle hand movement. I want to see your rider really crack that throttle wide open!Wheelie control is great for race bikes just like in real life... but even with wheelie control is OFF it still cuts power when front comes up out of corners, WHY? makes hanging wheelies way harder than it should. There are over a dozen naked/street fighter style bikes. They are wheelie machines, let us wheelie!I could go on more about some minor complaints but the pros absolutely out weigh the cons.  Highly recommend Ride 2."
,Recommended,477770,26500805,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,TheCrippler,"REVISED REVIEWOriginally i wrote a review, which was a first impression and it was already good.This time i'm revising my review, but it stays good.After clocking +100 hours in this game, i can assure you, it's very very good!If you like motorcycles, this is a game for you. If you like racing games in general, this is a game for you.Is it the most hardcore realistic sim out there? Maybe, maybe not. But it really doesn't matter.It's just a thoroughly good game. I have been playing this more than anything else in my library, every day.It rekindled my love for motorcycles. I bought the game at full price and will buy all the DLC they put out because i want to encourage and support Milestone to keep it up and improve it. Yes it has little technical niggles here and there that could easily get fixed, but the good news is that Milestone does listen and does fix things.How is it to play? If you played Forza Motorsport, this is almost exactly like that and it's a good thing!It feels like a much more expensive game from a much larger developer.The racing is never boring, even though personally i think Supermoto is cancer!But you might love it. And that's the beauty of the game. There's something in here for everyone.Absolutely, get it!"
,Recommended,477770,26503792,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Turboencabulator,"Like the first Ride, this is one of the best Motorcycle games I've played since Tourist Trophy on the PS2.  It is as difficult as you want it to be with scaling that rewards you for turning assists off (much like Forza).  It's arcady enough to where anyone can pick it up, and with just enough sim aspects to keep you on your toes if you wish.  Race and bike variety is great.  Small displacement 2-stroke sport bikes, dual sports, top heavy naked bikes, supersports, touring bikes, classics, etc.  The PP (performance points I assume) system is new to this title.  Reminds me a bit of Grand Turismo's way of measuring overall performace.  Many people do not like it but it keeps the races interesting by having PP limits on events so you can't just max out the tuning on an eligible bike and smoke the AI competition on every race, which was a bit of an issue for me in the first Ride.  Tuning and customization options are practically the same as the first title, with just a bit extra.  The bike selection and tracks are great and much improved from the previous title.  It has a very accurate Nordschleife which combined with excellent controls always makes for a great racing title.  I recommend both Ride and Ride 2, but so far Ride 2 is the definitive title in the series thus far."
76561198085645170,Recommended,477770,26357763,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Furious Wiggle,"i will start this review with a solid thumbs up, great game. spent many hours ploughing through corners and straights with ease and the simulated effects are great but............ the online play is laggy (even after update), i think the bike sounds could be more realistic especially after fitting upgrading exhausts there is no sound change???  know i consider myself to be a true biking fan eat sleep and breathe bikes but no game is complete without A. Nurbergring and B. Isle of man tt track!! i know before you all start kicking off that ride 2 has the nurbergring and for that im thankfull its one of my favourite tracks but a motorbike game without the most difficult and rewarding track known to man (isle of man tt track) to be missed out is a direct insult to motorcyclists around the world, only a true biker would concider my words to be true and milestone should be ashamed of themselfs for not including it!!!! but what makes it worse is this game is awesome probably the best bike game to date and if milestone concider themselves to be true motorcyclist enthusiasts then they should really think about there history!!! please add the isle of man tt track to make this game the best biking game for many years to come"
76561198012801138,Recommended,477770,26694728,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Anonimatomloki,Really nice engine and gameplay.. But IA needs some fixes
76561198017134584,Recommended,477770,27934608,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,chilliman,once you start using a controller it gets better. trying to control a bike with a keyboard is just terribly frustrating.tracks are great. bike modding is fun though somewhat limited. bikes tend to be either really twitchy or massively understeer.worth a go!
,Recommended,477770,29812692,Posted: 9 February,all,William,Road race + high speeds + me = very efficient tree surgeryBut seriously though Kerman get the bloody game.
,Recommended,477770,30349980,Posted: 5 March,all,Hybrid,Best bike racing game ever.Simulation-arcade flexible options with proper handicap.Lots of comercial bikes and parts.
,Recommended,477770,29937692,Posted: 15 February,all,RAGAVRON,"i am a bike lover and i prefer bike games more than car games,here i have already owned ride 1 and i loved that game a lot so i decided to buy ride 2. well i have to say that the game is improved as well i love the sounds physics and the start screen as well. jus go for it if u love bike games,it has super moto classic and mordern bikes.but i jus wanna say 1 thing,that this ride1 and ride 2 both are games not simulator jus go with this thought.if u like sim game download GP BIKES. its in beta version and free too [not in steam] if u buy this game for fun ,then go for it. if u wanna buy this game as a sim,jus avoid it!"
76561198087954660,Recommended,477770,30842334,Posted: 30 March,all,Whistledove,Absolutely love this game.  Very pleased with all the downloads that have came out thus far.  Now if only we could get an dlc for new race tracks.
,Recommended,477770,31714841,Posted: 12 May,all,WildCard,"Most fun i've had with a motorcycle game since SBK 09.  Maybe not a simulation, but the wide variety of bikes and tracks coupled with the fun racing makes this game a winner in my opinion."
,Recommended,477770,31711548,Posted: 12 May,all,kyriores,"As an experienced rider of a 50cc moped, I can without a doubt say that the physics in this game are LEGIT. Honestly, I expected something worse than Tourist Trophy (the PS2 game that's like Gran Turismo), but this game is clearly better in terms of realism. It's also a 2016 game, so the graphics are clearly better too. I doubt there is a better bike racing game/sim out there right now.What I didn't like about the game is mostly technical stuff. For example, I quit the game and the next time I launched it, I had to set up my controller keybinds all over again. It's not the most polished game either. I even encountered a bug within the first 2 hours of playing the game (was respawned between the barriers and a wall, after falling off my motorbike).It is definitely worth getting while it's on sale, even if you're not a huge fan of the genre and without a doubt a must-have for any connaisseur of racing games."
,Recommended,477770,31679297,Posted: 11 May,all,Reaperside Gaming,Ride 2 is good then Ride 1... worth it with sale 50%
76561198028028986,Recommended,477770,31783875,Posted: 16 May,all,TrackDayBro,10/10 If you're looking for a Forza style game with bikes. Popping wheelies on the Super Duke and Busa never gets old.
,Recommended,477770,32103142,Posted: 1 June,all,sultanmirza5,Not Working From Last Week... Launcher Appears And When i click play Button Screen Goes Blank Nothing Happens
76561198012488079,Recommended,477770,27483857,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,trainsim,"Its a riding game and I gotta say, it feels good.Graphics arent AAA but overall game looks good. Peformance was mostly acceptable, noticed a bit of physics glitching with the bikes in my mirror.Bike inertia and physics feel like the real deal however without actualy race experience I often find myself questioning how the bike is still gripping. ( this is with assists turned off ).Bike selection is acceptable but wanted a few more interesting options ( bikes like the 250rr, RVF400, lower capacity, 4 stroke racers)Customisation feels a bit generic but fairly realistic to what I know people do to their bikes ( e.g. replacement headers resulting in significant power increases, Ive got a neighbour with an RGV 250 and did research a while back).Needs a test ride mode labeled as such in the garage view, there's only a quick time trial mode but requires you to pick the bike from the garage then going through the options.Makes me want to go for a track day.Looking for a bike racing game? this certainly feels like nails it. Hoping next one goes open world. Money well spent considering the lack of competition and the higher demands, yet the quality and feel of the physics. Good price point."
,Recommended,477770,27482973,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,VaceYT csgoroll.com,"You´re probably playing this game because you played the first ride. At the launch there were just a few problems, but they got fixed after a while.I haven´t gotten the time to play this game as much as i want to, but i can tell you it´s worth the money. The game is not overpriced, and it´s way better than the first game.Even if you´re not a big fan of motorcycle´s, you should still give this game a try:)"
76561197995593605,Recommended,477770,28935498,Posted: 2 January,all,bot,"Pros:- A bunch of bikes- Many gear options- rain mode- Traction control options from full to off- wheelie control options from full to off- AI is hard enough- generally speaking the game is realistic enough but still fun- good bike performance and looks customization- game runs well- multiple view angles, including first person and in helmet view pointCons- most motorcycles sound realistic when idling but almost all sound fake when redlining and accelerating- riding in the rain is way to easy!- bad music (I recommend to play with music off)- not many people onlineHopefully Ride 3 will have better engine/exhaust sounds, more tracks and I would like to see a bit more realism when it comes to riding on cold and wet tracks. But generally speaking, from a motorcyclists perspective, this game is a blast."
76561198078677236,Recommended,477770,29097324,Posted: 7 January,all,kengoblue,"I think I've had more fun with this title than any of my other racing games.Once you get the hang of the controller, it's addicting.I love the customuzation and all the bikes.Heaven.9/10"
76561198015559869,Recommended,477770,28861307,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,=VEA²=Armageddon,"I am enjoying this game. If you're into motorcycles  this title is for you.Positives;Customization of everything. Your machine, helmets, suits, gloves, and boots.Gameplay is excellent and has good feel.Graphics are good, not going to astound you though.No bugs, runs smoothly. I've had no issues with performance.Tracks are accurate, at least the ones I am familiar with. I assume they all are.Many  modes and challenges on single player. More than enough to keep you busy.NegativesMultiplay is lacking and at times hard to find a race to join.$49.99  is a bit steep to pay considering the poor multiplayer system.*Purchased during the Winter sale for $34.99 a more reasonable price to pay. Get it while its on sale, It'll keep you interested."
76561198044522287,Recommended,477770,29219637,Posted: 13 January,all,Red Time,"The problem with motorbike games versus car games is the lack of a suitable peripheral.  Car games have a very sophisticated range of wheels and pedals to choose from and this greatly adds to the immersion factor for the gamer.  So for us bike fans we cannot even get close to the quality of simulation that car fans can.Any PC gamer that has tried a bike game over the years will have experienced the frustration of keyboard or joystick ""riding"".   No matter the potential of the game, it was always limited by the player input device.   The general advice surrounding Ride 2 is get an XBox Controller for Windows.  For the PC player this is a new experience and does take some time to get used to.  But if you are interested in Ride 2 and are a PC player I would strongly recommend it.   Make use of the easier settings in the game and build into it.The graphics on Ride 2 are satisfactory for a contemporary game.  Plenty of options to find your playing level to keep frustration levels at bay early in your playing experience.  The fun factor is the big compensator for any other deficiencies you may perceive in the game.   Early in your Ride 2 game time it may seem a bit too arcadey but as you get more competent with the controls the game delivers a more satisfying ""riding"" experience.At some stage would love to see a peripheral that mimics a bike's controls - to some degree.  Maybe one that attaches to a steering wheel and has a twist throttle and levers - existing pedals could substitute for gear and rear brake.  But in the meantime it looks like the XBox Controller is the standard.Overall, Ride 2 is worth a punt if you are into bikes, but get an XBox controller if you do not have one."
,Recommended,477770,29914628,Posted: 13 February,all,lusosec,Love this game. Better then the first one. Been waiting for a motorcycle game like this. This game bring's back memory's from Tourist Trophy on PS2. Ireland track is my favorite track so far. Add Isle of man and im sold.http://plays.tv/s/L99KlEDv9Rry
,Recommended,477770,29947134,Posted: 15 February,all,Pickle Rick,"A massive improvement on the first one and an absolute joy to play. Track graphics arent bad but are not in the same realms as other racing sims. Most of the bikes are absolutley gorgeous, as if they could be in a real showroom, on the other hand theres some inconsistency as others dont look quite so good.+Quick load times+Great gameplay+Great range of bikes+Great range of tracks+Includes Wet tracks+Stable gaming+Keeps me coming back for more-More like the game the first one should have been rather than sequel-DLC bikes are pretty much same which were previously free in RIDE 1 (Also have much less customisation)-Some engine noises arent right and feel like theyve just been copy and pasted (a v4 that sounds the same as an inline? come on..)Overall I do love the game and with some tweaks it could be perfect. For any motorcycling gamers this is essential. Thank you Milestone for giving bikers the game theyve longed for."
76561198345808290,Recommended,477770,29870615,Posted: 12 February,all,D.TRAIN,great game.Would love to see isle of man tt as an dlc and steam controller support.
76561198012574884,Recommended,477770,29142788,Posted: 9 January,all,pocketpunch,"Ride?Riderideride?Expands on the original Ride,has slightly updated physics.Games plays out fun,But the campaign does get a bit repetitive seeing as most races are just 3 lap stints to the finish line.Anyway, a tonne of new bikes including cafe racers, more old school sport bikes and some supermotos.You can now steer slightly while pulling wheelies.Most bikes sound less digitalized.Most 600cc inline 4's still sound vague - For god's sake I'll lend my 07 ZX6R if you guys want to record a more authentic engine sound.Still a fun game for anyone into motorcycles.This isn't hyper realistic as you can still carry brakes deep into corners,But the games physics have been redefined to give you much less slack when making mistakes or riding too hard.Fun."
,Recommended,477770,27996082,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mergy,"Ride 2 is an AMAZING game for people that are like me that are utterly obsessed with motorcycles! It is very well simulated, nothing like I have experienced before, a few examples are don't put too much throttle when exiting a corner or you'll violently highside, don't get too comfortable with a wheelie or you will flip, etc.Now I will go through the various pros and cons.Pros-Detailed-A lot of knowledge about motorcycles-Very fun and addicting-Plenty of manufacturers to choose from-Vast customisationCons-Price-Beefy/decent PC required to run it-DLC will suck you in-A few annoying bugs-Team races where you win and your team loses because they're insanely bad.and here is some lovely logic for you... I have a GTX 950, the game recommends GTX 970. I played on the lowest presets with 30fps for about a good ten hours then i thought to myself, how many fps would i get if i go full settings? I got straight 60fps all way round the Nürburgring. RIDE 2 LOGIC = LOW SETTINGS 30FPS - HIGHEST SETTINGS = 60FPS..."
,Recommended,477770,34068091,Posted: 6 August,all,cordless33,Good game but the engine sounds need fixed.
,Recommended,477770,34563360,Posted: 28 August,all,Jopezo,We need more motorcycle sims on PC.Also if you will develop Ride 3 it would be nice to have clutch and maybe to control character weight with right joystick and steering with left.
,Recommended,477770,35113227,Posted: 21 September,all,White Flag,Graphics and gameplay is amazing but the sound can be improved by alot
76561198289741329,Not Recommended,477770,35336826,Posted: 30 September,all,Leonard Farmskin.com,refund
