user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,477870,26274407,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Akka,"Instant kill jumpscares aren't fun the first time, let alone the 30th.You play as a little Japanese girl exploring her town after dark. Devoid of people, the only company you'll find are yokai who want to eat you. They're generally invisible, coming into view when you stare at them point blank with your flashlight. A red filter and her pounding heart will give you a vague idea of their proximity, keeping the player fully submerged in suspense.There are over a dozen different demons searching for you, many of which have unique behaviors. You can only tiptoe around some, another lunges at you when you shine light at it, another only chases you from behind. With only one hp, the only way to learn how to deal with each monster is by getting killed by it. This presents a fundamental flaw.The game relies far too heavily on slaying the player with unavoidable instant death tricks. Even if you expect them, not getting killed is far more difficult than it should be. The more often you die, the less scary any game becomes. Enemies are reduced from mysterious horrors to mere inconveniences that set you back five or ten minutes.The game casually acknowledges its own unreasonable difficulty in three ways. Any items you collect stay with you even after death, autosave points are rather frequent, and most telling is the achievement for dying 30 times.Roughly the same number of people have died 30 times as have reached the end of chapter Three (The game totals seven chapters). Don't believe me?http://steamcommunity.com/stats/477870/achievements/Without exaggeration, I easily died over 50 times. Even if I could see the threat coming (sometimes they're hard scripted to occur in a specific way) dodging was next to impossible. Why might that be?The single worst stamina bar I have ever seen.Stamina bars for running and performing actions are typically a blight (except in games like Dark Souls where it's integral to the combat). It's reasonable for a little girl to run out of breath and eventually slow her pace from exhaustion.However the stamina here is a bit different. The closer you are to an enemy, the faster your bar is consumed. If you're being chased directly then you're exhausted almost immediately.That is absurdly stupid.The isometric camera will block the player's line of sight path with trees and buildings, as if the invisible enemies you can't run away from weren't enough, sometimes the path is completely obscured!I thought of an alternative to fix these problems. If contact with an enemy damaged you, but refilled your stamina instantly so you could escape (adrenaline rush) then this game could be stellar. As it is, the base 1hp gameplay interferes with an otherwise pleasant journey through uniquely haunted Japanese settings. A school, factory, fields, mountains, shrines, rivers, dilapidated urban redevelopments, even another dimension occupied by a massive centipiedes and other outlandish crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I would have cherished this game if playing it weren't such a chore.At 20 bucks this game is overpriced.You'll be playing three hours, with another hour tacked on for backtracking after your many deaths."
,Recommended,477870,26235136,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/wXPiMHIOVqYTL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!Yomawari: Night Alone is a cute horror adventure game where you play as a little girl searching for your big sister and lost dog.You wander alone in the dark, with only a flashlight to help guide your way. Terrible creatures lurk in the night, and many of them will try to hunt you down.In this game, you don’t have a health bar to monitor, and you are always one-shotted if you get hit, so expect to die quite a bit. The only resource that you need to monitor is your stamina. While in close proximity to monsters, your stamina drains even faster, and the sound of the heartbeat intensifies; pounding louder and faster, it really makes you feel on edge, especially if you don’t know exactly where the enemies are coming from.Trial and error definitely plays a role as you venture around the town, and because of this, you will often learn what to do the hard way. Fortunately, death is very forgiving, and it’s more of an inconvenience than anything else. Some people will view this as a pro, while others will view it as a con, depending on what you hope to get from the game. You get to keep any items you found before dying, and you respawn at either your house, or the last shrine that you quick saved at. You quick save using coins that you find around the world, they are plentiful.Pros:audio is amazing; the ambience, music, and sound effects all do a fantastic job at creating an incredibly creepy and tense atmospherein addition to the overall eeriness of the game, there are a lot of jump scares, and on multiple occasions, the game scared me so badly that I actually yelled out loudthe game has a lot of collectibles, and to get the most out of this game, you will want to enjoy the atmosphere, and explore as much as you cangraphics look decent enough to accomplish what the game sets out to do - spooky environments, and nice character designs; friendly characters are cute, and the monsters are creepy and weird lookingintriguing story (I liked it, but in the end, I still felt like I had some questions left unanswered)customizable controls for the mouse and keyboard, but it’s still best played with a controller (this game is ported over to PC from the PS Vita)shrines you save at also double as fast travel locations once you discover them, so they are very helpful for those looking to backtrack or exploreCons:the game is a bit on the short for the price (especially if you skip exploring, and just go straight for the main objectives)a couple crashes to desktop during the playthrough(nitpick) higher game resolution settings would be nice because the default display settings are really low(nitpick) even with the low resolution, the performance could have used some improvement as well (using a GTX 970 got me 55-58 frames, with some drops a bit lower than that)(nitpick) the worst part about dying is having to walk back, and watch the unskippable mini-cutscenes again (it can be a bit frustrating to have to keep watching if you die a lot in certain areas)There isn’t much reason to want to replay the game, but there are a lot of collectibles you can find. When you finish the story, it’s nice that you can continue collecting items if you want to.Conclusion:The game took me a bit over 5 hours to complete, but this was with me exploring a fair amount, and dying several times on a few different parts. I enjoyed the game quite a bit, but I admit that there were a couple parts that I found frustrating. Overall, it’s a quality game though, and if you’re looking for decent horror adventure, it’s one worth checking out. I would like to see some improvements made to the resolution settings and performance, but it wasn’t enough to make me not like the game. Keep in mind though, that the game is a bit on the short side for the price, so you might want to wait for a sale.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Recommended,477870,26225432,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,The Epitome Of Human Trash,It's almost as kowai as it is kawaii.
,Recommended,477870,26220357,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,PhantomNet15,"Horror has never been this KawaiiThis is an early review from me. I'll edit this when I have more time to play this and the inevitable game updates. Start playing this at 0200am and I have class at 0800am. GG.Possible spoilers. Though I don't think I spoil anything, but you know, just in case...I wanted to play this game so bad ever since it came out on Vita last year in Japan but there's no way I'm cashing out a few bucks for PSVita just to play this game. To my suprise it gets a Steam release. I got so excited that I pre-ordered it.Does it meet my expectation? For now it exceeds way more than my expectation.Don't judge a book by it's coverDespite the cute art, the gameplay can be hard and brutal. Heck,this game f@$k you up when you just in the tutorial.In general, you play as a little girl who tries to find her older sister. You have to dodge,hide or find a way to get past the ghosts lurking in your neighbourhood while finding her. What I really love about this game is that most of the time it force you to figure things out  on your own. You'll collect tools along the way and it's up to you to figure out what it does.Details at it's bestThe background art is filled with all those little details you might miss in your first glance. It looks like it was painstakingly hand-drawn each. But what really sold me is the sound. Each different surface you step on has different sound. You also have to pay attention to sound when you play this game. Your heart beats louder indicates a ghost is getting closer. In this game you can set what language you want to play in. English or Japanese. Choosing one of them will change the language not only to dialogue, but the street signs, notice board, and almost all the in-game enviroment all changed into the language you choose.ControlsPlaying with gamepad is highly recommended. I mean no suprise,right? Since it's a console port. You can play with keyboard and mouse but it might be hard to get used to for some players. Credits to the devs still as they had make playing with keyboard and mouse not as awkward as some other port I know. For me it works just fine.TechnicalThough it wasn't a problem for me and I don't know if anyone find this as nuisance but just for a heads up, my RX480 can't reach a solid 60fps. Which for me is weird for a game like this. It ranges from 56-50fps. Do tell me how the game performs on your rig."
76561198052342705,Recommended,477870,26229089,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Irisu Syndrome,"Highly Recommended That You Wait For This Game To Go On SaleTL;DR - This is a short puzzle game (even with a bit of exploration on my end it only took a little over 6 hours to complete), and the strategy tag is a mislabel. Still a fun play, but not for $20.========Coming on the heels of Firely Diaries, and considering it was a handheld game, I didn't expect a long trip. The overall atmosphere is self-explanatory - a quiet town in the dead of night. No music to intensify or interfere with the experience. Just silence and ambient noises.Since the game is played top down, it's less of a horror game (cute tag is of notable detriment) and far more of a puzzle adventure. The strategy tag really has no place up top, considering it's pretty basic what you can do: hide, run, and die. Thereisa tiptoe option for movement, but I never found a use for it. Almost all the enemies are triggered by proximity, and distracting them with objects tended to only work on a few of the basic ones. Knowing when and how to hustle is your best (and later on only) friend.The difficulty is fairly casual, in that items you pick up are still in your log/inventory even after death. While this means some puzzles can be entirely negated by suicide running them, the intent was to soften the blow when confronted with the larger stretches of the game where save points are infrequent or don't exist. This is worthwhile in several scenarios beginning around the third chapter."
76561198014471076,Recommended,477870,32802573,Posted: 25 June,all,AigisABC,"This is the second game I have bought from this developer and after playing this game I expect I'll be buying from their games again and again. This game was what I hoped for and more, I expected a decent atmospheric horror game with cutesy art and I got an excellent horror game with an eerie but charming atmosphere, fantastic art that ixed cutesy with scary perfectly, great music, enjoyable and challenging gameplay, and an intriguing story. There were multiple times that I felt very moved while I was playing the game, these scenes where you get the chance to learn more about your main character and her world are rewarding. Honestly, half the fun was seeing what comments she would make about items as well as seeing the map.At first I felt the game was too difficult and died many times, but the game is very fair and balances out the difficulty of some encounters with a decent save mechanic. After playing through the game and looking for most of the collectibles my only complaint is that I still don't know if I'm using the rocks correctly!This game is worth your time and money, and so are their other games. I highly reccomend this title!"
,Recommended,477870,26242908,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Cleaner,A short-ish isometric horror game with stealth elements and twitch-timing challenges. The atmosphere and pacing win. Gameplay becomes a slog halfway through but persistence is key. The story delivers early and the suspense carries well throughout the entire length of the game. Recommended for horror fans.
76561198182315795,Recommended,477870,34620236,Posted: 30 August,all,matryoshka,"i loved this game it was a fun experience can be a lil overbearing at times but ultimately still great. i didnt get any crashes like others have been stating (maybe im lucky?)fyi heres some tips.you can save at you house anytime time if you just walk in and click on the diaryalso theres alot of places you can farm coins so saving at shrines is never really an issue if your smart about it.if the enemies are giving you to much problems it not shamefull to look up a guide to how to handle them.you will die a lot. you play as a lil girl not a warrior remember that.items you get in sidequest are very useful for bosses and enemies search them out.not everything is deadly. be brave.all and all, i really enjoyed this game.story 9/10visuals 9/10soundtrack/soundeffects 9/10gameplay 8/10though im just a humble potatoe farmer so dont take my word for it, you should check it out for yourself."
76561198012310051,Recommended,477870,34710853,Posted: 3 September,all,ranarif,"If you watch any screenshot of Yomawari without knowing nothing about it, probably you could think that is the perfect game for your little sister. And you couldn't be more wrong, because behind the cute characters and the bright pastel colors, the heart of a real horror game beats.In Yomawari the history is simple and totally an accessory. A girl is searching her dog, later will search her sister. Done.The gameplay as well is very simple. You can just run and hide from monsters, with a stamina bar that depletes very fast. Even with these simple mechanics, the game is though and hardcore.But Yomawari has also one of the most interesting, inspired and wide selection of enemies, and an incredible sense of exploration.Surely a brilliant and original horror game in a 2017 full of clones and uninspired games.Complete review:https://surrealandcreepy.wordpress.com/"
,Not Recommended,477870,32854967,Posted: 27 June,all,Aurani,"TL;DR If the entire point of the game is to make me feel as insecure as a little girl exploring a dangerous town after nightfall, then it has certainly succeeded as I feel far too scared to step out the door, play the game, and ultimately be jumpscared by the game crashing.After clearing the prologue you learn that you can save the game by interacting with your diary inside your home, the problem is that you only have access to your home between chapters. While out exploring the town you have to rely on quick-saving by using a consumable at certain waypoints, all this does however is update your checkpoint which you'd return to should you die, the game itself seems to give out a free checkpoint after discovering certain events but no indication of a checkpoint update is given to the player meaning it is very easy to waste one of your limited quick-saves.Since you can only truly save between chapters we face another issue, if the game crashes or the player decides to take a break they'd have to restart at the previous chapter start, I myself crashed 3 times in my 1h of testing this game so it certainly wasn't an enjoyable experience. It doesn't help that the town is fairly big, full of dead-end roads, the map gives a vague estimate of your current position, and there's initially no indication whatsoever which destination you need to reach in order to clear the chapter, meaning you can wander around aimlessly for a very long time until you stumble upon the one cutscene that gives you a vague hint towards the goal.Does this sound frustrating enough? No? Then let's talk about enemies, they come in various forms but all of them (from what I've seen that is) will kill you in 1 hit, while most of them can be avoided through careful maneuvering and keen awareness by paying attention to the audiovisual cue of a pounding heartbeat that signifies the presence of enemies as well as your proximity to them, simply going around them is not always an option, one can distract them by throwing a pebble (another consumable) to the side in order to make an opening, but one little misstep is all it takes to send you back to your previous checkpoint. While you're able to both tiptoe and run, these 2 features come with their own set of issues. Running uses stamina which drains quite slow when no enemies are nearby, the closer you are to an enemy however the shorter you can run (apparently adrenaline rushes function completely opposite of reality in this game), which means once you're too close to an enemy there's no escape as you can only run for a split-second and a lot of enemies are faster than you which means your useless efforts will lead to your inevitable death. Tiptoing on the other hand seems to have no effect on enemies' ability to detect you (unless only some of them are affected), slows you to a crawl, and also zooms the camera in which reduces the vision of your surroundings, it seems to at best serve as a means of slowly moving towards a position to grab an item and then immediately run away.Due to the game being a port from the PS Vita a controller is highly recommended for playing this game, for some reason the mouse cursor remains visible when a controller has been detected.I'd talk about the game's story, atmosphere and soundtrack, but since the game doesn't allow me to make any progress I simply don't have anything to say about it. I'm going to refund this, if NISA ever manages to patch this game so it no longer crashes I'd probably not consider picking it up again as the game feels far too frustrating to waste my effort on.To explain further: If it was possible to save at your home at any point in the game it would be a lot more tolerable, but presumably this ability would render the quick-saves mostly useless and the waypoints themselves would simply serve as unlockable warp points which would easily allow you to continue where you left off, strange, this actually sounds like a very intuitive game mechanic utilized by many other game titles.Other than that I should explain my frustration with this game, there are only so many times I can cope with throwing myself headfirst against a hurdle over and over again until I make some progress only for the game to crash and send me back to square one again. My gripes aren't that the game is hardcore (I'm a 90s gamer, I'm used to them), it's the fact that the game feels far too counter-intuitive and user-hostile by design.Hotaru no Nikki (made by the same dev), while equally hardcore and full of its own set of problems, had a linear path set ahead of you which meant the goal was always in front of you and the hurdle in front of you had to be passed no matter what and often rewarded you with a checkpoint right away, in this game you have no linear path placed in front of you and you have no means of knowing which of the multiple hurdles around you is the ""correct one"", wasting your time and resources on quick-saving out of fear of losing the progress you think you just made, and then the game crashes which deletes said progress. In short, not enjoyable."
,Recommended,477870,26259295,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Tabula亞Nuka,"This is a very fun and cute ""horror"" game. It's sold as horror, though I found the most horrific thing about it to be the breath mechanic when running away.Basically, the closer you are to a monster, the more you panic, thus your little girl lungs cant hold much air thanks to hyperventalating. Overall, it makes sense, BUT making sense does not excuse poor design. This mechanic will be the bane of your existance on every, single, one of the boss ""fights"". if they had just disabled it on those i'd be fine with it....Other than a few really cheap kills ( a couple unavoidable) i'd say they have the monster design down well, and is pretty fair.Little girls and horror are my favourite things when mixed together, and this game has a terrifically cutsey, yet gorey feel that I adore~ If you're looking for a pretty nice story with elements of horror, i'd say give it a go. And there's a lot of optional side tasks for you to find and complete, like chasing down headless chickens or playing tag with a horribly disfigured ghost child.And as a last bit of advice, play with a controller, or rebind the keyboard controls. the defaults are unintuitive at best, though i can excuse it due to the game being a port of a psp game.Overall 8/10"
,Recommended,477870,26349455,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,alexh072285,"I'll cut to the end here to save those of you not interested some time. Please buy this game. It's available for a mere pittance of $19.99. That's pretty reasonable as far as I'm concerned.For the rest of you that are interested, read on.In Yomawari: Night Alone, you're cast in the role of a young girl, who, while walking her dog Poro one evening, comes across a series of events that causes you to return home without your beloved pooch. The young girl's older sister, seeing that the player's character is emotionally distraught, offers to go out and find the dog, instructing the young girl to stay home until she returns. But as the evening wears on and the darkness of night swallows the sleepy Japanese town whole, the young girl ventures out on her, vowing to find her older sister and Poro....Completely unaware of what terrors truly await her.So, before I gush on and on about the game, I will touch on some of the more glaring flaws that the game has.For one, it is arguably somewhat difficult. I say arguably because chances are you will die. A LOT. Taking a page from the 8 and 16 bit era of gaming, the little girl can only be hit once before dying out right, and she has no means of defending herself. Navigating the haunted city will rely on lots of trial and error.Tying into that, the game does not offer much in the way of saving opportunities. Besides the little girl's house, you can't really save. You can take advantage of statues littered throughout the town to do a quick save, but if you up and leave before returning to the house (which is only done between chapters) you WILL lose all progress.The final major disservice for some is that the game is tragically short. I've only been playing for a total of four hours and I'm about halfway done with the game.ALL THAT BEING SAID:1. The difficulty is curtailed by the fact that all progress (in terms of uncovering the map and any items collected) prior to your death is saved, even if your exact location you were at at the time of your death is not.2. Similarly, although you can really only save at the main character's home, even if you don't use the aforementioned statues in question, your progress is still saved (again keeping any map progress or items you've added to your inventory).3. Look, I can barely finish a game that's over 10 hours. While a short game is often tragic when it's a good game, there is such a thing as over staying your welcome and I get the feeling that Yomawari is exactly as long as the story its trying to tell needs to beThe only negative comment I can't really argue against is that, as part of the game, when the girl gets scared, her heart beat races faster (alerting you to nearby ghosts) and she can no longer run for as long. I feel this should be the opposite, given the natural effects adrenaline has on the body. But this is about my only major complaint I've seen that I can't disagree with.So now that I've pointed out (and properly argued against) most of the game's major flaws, let's discuss why this game is so fantastic and why you should be playing it.Ya know, if you feel it's your sort of thing.Yomawari: Night Alone is truly a gorgeous game to see in motion. Its art style is wholly unique to the genre and absolutely adorable. But DON'T for one second think that means this game isn't scary. Because you'd be dead wrong (pun not intended). Steeped in Japanese lore, the monsters and ghosts that inhabit the haunted town are indeed quite horrifying.I confess that I honestly don't play too many horror games. Especially these days. The genre, as a whole, just tends to bum me out. And while upon initial play through, the jump scares that permeate most of the genre become tired and predictable, and when that is the major crux of your horror title, it becomes stale very quickly.Yomawari: Night Alone, is more than just jump scares.Yes, the jump scares are there, sure. But it didn't feel like to me that they're constant. On top of that, they are earned through genuine tension that game builds as your character, armed with only a flash light, the option to throw items to distract and the ability to hide behind select objects, navigates the terrifying city at night.Honestly, some of the best scares weren't even the jump scares. It was just the game messing with me.I'll give you an example:When I first started playing the game, I thought I could return to the little girl's house so I could save. As I turned a corner right near the girl's house, I noticed red foot prints started to appear behind her.I stopped and turned the girl around, swiveling her flashlight expecting to illuminate some specter that would then end me....Nothing.I kept walking.And the red foot prints continued to follow me.I stopped again, thinking that maybe I had walked through a puddle of red paint. Something that could explain why I couldn't see any sort of pursuer.But when I looked at the red foot prints again, I realized that they weren't shoe prints. They were bare foot prints. They did not belong to the little girl.Panicked, I started to run, but the bloody phantom pursued me at an equal rate. And now the game knew to crank up the terror, as the little girl's heart beat kicked into over drive (as part of the game play, when the little girl panics, her heart beat races faster to alert you to nearby ghosts and ghouls) causing me to lose my pace and make everything suddenly more intense. It wasn't until I got to the house that the foot prints stopped entirely.I have not encountered that phenomenon since.Yomawari is definitely a scary game, in the same way (I feel) that Eternal Darkness: Sanity's Requiem (another criminally overlooked horror game) is a scary game. It mixes all the proper elements that make a good horror game and uses them to great effect.Also like Eternal Darkness, Yomawari is also ACTUALLY fun to play.The reason I never really hoped on the Five Nights at Freddy's bandwagon (or many of the similar games that make up the modern horror gaming sphere) is that they're just not very fun. I like the lore behind FNaF, but I simply can't describe the game as anything remotely close to fun. Meanwhile, Yomawari actually is very engaging. Your main tactic of course is to simply dodge, hide and run away from ghosts, but it is more complex than it sounds. Some ghosts you'll simply have to outrun, but others you won't be able to see without your flash light. Others will leave you be unless you shine the flash light on them. Others still will not attack you so long as you don't run or cause noise to draw them near you (and can similarly be drawn away by chucking a rock). Others are completely harmless and are simply parts of side quests to help build the world (and terrify you). The antagonists of Yomawari aren't so much antagonists as much as they are wild animals, that are best avoided and treated with the proper respect. If you can hack it (as the game does not hold your hand and tell you where to go. You have to figure it out on your own), your curiosity is rewarded not only with the aforementioned side quests and main story line events, but lots of trinkets and world building items to flesh out the game further. I have had a very hard time putting the game down.This of course cuts to one of the very best things about the game.Its story.It would be enough for most games to simply have it be a spooky story and call it a day. Few games really build their tale to anything remotely resembling masterful.Yomawari, on the other hand, while most definitely a horror game, goes a slightly different path.Its story has a deep, emotional core. I won't spoil anything (even though if you look at any of the game's art circulating the internet, I don't really have to), but even if you know what's coming, you're not fully prepared for it. Trust me.Like I said, buy this."
,Recommended,477870,31427453,Posted: 28 April,all,ＨＥＹ　ＷＡＳＳＨＩ,Spooky at first but you get used to the enemy movementsSimple gameplay with a simple story and you get to know more by collecting items that tell what's happening in the townThis is pretty brutal. Don't let the cute graphics fool you
,Recommended,477870,31388752,Posted: 27 April,all,Pumpkin,Yomawari Night Alone is a very cute horror game with a unique story. Travel around the town finding various objects and piecing everything together as best you can while trying not to die in a number of horrific ways.Yomawari doesn't rely on jumpscares as much as many modern horror titles and takes a more atmospheric approach to make you feel genuinely unsettled. Those who enjoy Japanese horror titles will feel at home with this game.Though the game itself is not very long I would still recommend buying it if you are a fan of Japanese Horror or creepy-cute things.
76561198024402642,Recommended,477870,26529725,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,HMBRGRHLPR,"If you're interested in Yomawari: Night Alone, it's likely you are looking for a horror game or something distinctly Japanese. With this one videogame you get both elements, and they're delivered in a way that I can guarantee is something you need to experience for yourself to appreciate. You will not be disappointed.Yomawari: Night Alone succeeds in its genre where other horror games fail by imposing a sense of subtle stress on the player. I'm not saying this game will make your hair turn grey, but it might just tense you up. Its endearing design draws you into a bubble, then pops it without warning. Then it does it again, and again, every time a new chapter begins or a new enemy is introduced. Playing Yomawari is like drowning in a bubble bath while your rubber ducky watches on... and I mean that in the best way possible.A passing glance at Yomawari doesn't do the game justice; Nippon Ichi Software's trademark cuteness is paired with a number of unsettling sensory experiences that deserve the full attention of every horror game fan. It's important to describe the game's elements in this manner because Yomawari isn't only pleasing for it's visual aesthetics. The sound design is among the clearest, cleanest, most detailed experiences in any past or present horror game. There is a surprising level of depth to everything from your own footsteps over metal grates to the wind rustling through nearby trees. Enemies skitter about and groan in ways expected of their horror genre counterparts, but every little note and noise is executed strategically. Yomawari sounds like how a nightmare should sound. Everything is satisfyingly disquieting.Perhaps most important to those reading Steam reviews, the game's mechanics are minimal but appropriate considering the world you're dropped into. The main character's defenses from the dangers of Yomawari's ghost filled streets are limited to a somewhat restrictive endurance system. You truly feel like you have the fortitude of a small, scared child. In-game adrenaline is lacking, despite the constant lub-dub of your heartbeat telling you monsters are near. A single bar and a beeping light at the bottom of the screen indicate just how much more energy you have left to escape your threats. A handful of usable items (five in total) help keep the dangers of the world at bay, but in no way eliminate the threats around you. And those threats truly are dangerous. Yomawari contains jumpscares. It contains enemies that can and will kill you many times until you discover the pattern of avoiding them. This is ultimately the games worst weakness, even if the system of try-and-try-again is very forgiving. There is little to no consequence for ""dying"" in Yomawari; you keep every item you collect, even if it was picked up immediately before being killed. And that's for a very good reason, since the amount of collectibles in this game - which range from curiously childlike to downright macabre - is quite large. Finding them all is an achievement in and of itself, as they are mostly optional to the story. Yet, the collectibles add a depth and feel, making them not feel tacked on or pointless. I genuinely wanted to find each ball of hair and broken dog toy and little crayon note that's scattered through the town. As long as you remember that searching is going to be dangerous, it becomes quite a fun little hunt. The game does remain dangerous and surprising throughout, even if your abilities to search the town are never truly upgraded or expanded. You're not playing Silent Hill where a shotgun is dropped on your lap and it's suddenly revealed you have godlike firing accuracy. You're a little girl whipping rocks, matches and dog treats in an often futile attempt to distract the immortal creatures of the night. And if your tiny arsenal of options run out, then with a heart-splattering darkness you say goodnight to your night alone.The upside is that with every death, you are instantly teleported to the latest save point, which appear in the form of Jizo statues throughout the town. Interestingly enough, this particular choice in statue is indicative of an incredibly rich understanding of Japanese folklore that is pervasive through all of Yomawari. The Jizo statue is a representation of Kshitigarbha, a Buddhist deity known for it's connection to deceased children and hell-beings. The game's themes of childhood, fear of the unknown, longing for the decased - they're all powerful ideas that are strengthened by the unique world in which the game is set. When you die, you return home, or to Jizo (depending on where you last saved in relation to the chapter's start). You are a child, returning to the patron of dead children. This kind of subtlety helps the game go beyond using a typical Japanese suburb as the backdrop to just another horror game. It gives Yomawari an impressive depth and respect for not only its subject matter, but the connection to life's horrors as seen through a uniquely Japanese lens. This game isn't just about cute anime girls and jumpscares: Yomawari's developers went to great lengths to weave in a culturally rich narrative to their already interesting gameplay.As for the story itself? Spoiler's aside, a few searches online into some of the religious and cultural references help make Yomawari story a bit less opaque, as at times it can seem just that. Without brushing up on your Japanese folklore, the story can come off as simplistic. You are a little girl tasked in finding her missing family in a town that's been steeped in the very worst bits and bobs of childhood fears. Regardless, Yomawari's story relies heavily on the experience of playing the game - which, as a reviewer and a fan of good horror, I say it accomplishes wonderfully. Even without an indepth understanding of Japanese folklore, the story is bolstered by an overall game design that helps define the narrative just enough. It isn't a visual novel, it isn't a definitive action title. Yomawari: Night Alone is it's own entity, a truly unique video game that I recommend to anyone interested in Japanese folklore or horror in general."
,Recommended,477870,30983375,Posted: 6 April,all,Seishin,"This game really captures the Japanese horror essence, now add that to playing as a child who can't really defend herself. (Or even understand most of what's going on)Beware the intro tho T-T"
,Recommended,477870,31097403,Posted: 12 April,all,Portable Shoebox,"An interesting installment from the people who made classic good games like Disgaea and htoL #NiQA walk-around, no fighting horror game where the goal is to save your dog Poro and your Sister, you explore locations around town like the School, the Cliff-side and the Factory. Find your way around different spirits, evil or kind, while collecting items for your collecting needs or situational items (Rocks to distract enemies, Coins to use at Jizo statues for quick saving..etc.)- Thrilling gameplay at intense moments, but other than that its just a calm walk around while comming across new or old threats.- Many Items to Collect- Sometimes unforgiving deaths (didn't come across any until chapter 6)- Quite the lot of backtrackingA total 7/10 from me since i didnt go in expecting alot while buying it on sale. Worth the buy when discount but at its full price, its a shot in the dark. You wanna risk it? if so, try out your luck and see if the game hits ya.Take the recommendations with a grain of salt, some people gave the game too much of a slack while others just didnt have as much as a great time with it as they were hoping. :)"
,Recommended,477870,26733973,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Cerulean Shaman,"IntroductionYomwari is an interesting game that was something of a surprise coming from Nippon Ichi, but after playing the game through I can say that it's maybe not that that surprising at all. The game is only very loosely a horror title, more focused on the terrors and imagination of a child. There's still a pretty dark story in the background which includes the ending.The game is fairly short, maybe eight hours tops not including retries and aimless wandering, there there's a good deal of extra time in the game if you enjoy collectibles (I do not).In my opinion a game is overall decided bystoryandgameplay, one or the other has to be excellent and the best games have both in full strength.StoryThe story here is barebones, with the true story never really explained. Basically you're searching for your sister after she vanishes due to your character being in denial from an event at the very start of the game. You go look for here. Nothing complicated or frankly very interesting.There is however apparently a much deeper story in the background between two gods, though it seems that it's a cultural thing lost on us foreigners. I ended up reading an excellent post that did a good job explaining it which would also likely explain the sisters' missing parents and the ending of the game. Knowing that heightened my enjoyment of the story, but it's not something the average joe would pick up as it's not well explained in game.[POOR][ACCEPTABLE][EXCELLENT]GameplayI played this title using my steam controller on my tv since my monitor's ultra wide was not really supported. The controls were decent but didn't feel very fluid. The gameplay itself was simple, you either distract or avoid enemies each of which detect, hunt, and move in unique ways. There were a few frustrating parts, but not ultimately very difficult. You WILL get lost however as the map is subpar at best and the layout of the game world can be disorienting.There's nothing to cry home about here. There aren't any moments where the game makes you feel great about an accomplishment or the completion of an an event and nothing for those seeking challenge I was still happy enough to tackle each section and had motivation to continue forward, and the game was fun throughout in a simple, pleasing way.That's probably due to the very retro vibe I got in terms of gameplay and controls, especially during the moments of frustration (factory, for instance...). That's not necessarily a bad thing and some people might even like it.[POOR][ACCEPTABLE][EXCELLENT]Misc ProsArt style fits the game wellThere's enough challenge to maintain interest for most peopleYou definitely have motivation to continue playing; finding out what the heck is going on is great lureAtmosphere, which is important for horror games, is different but there and well executedMisc ConsAside from a few jump scares and scenes not very scary or disturbingMusic was forgettable, as was the presented storyControls can be frustrating at timesWorth it?Yomawari is never going to be an indie hit, but it's a fantastic game well worth its humble price. If you enjoy horror games and want to try something on the lighter side Yomawari is a great cleansing snack before or after games like Soma."
76561198037514898,Recommended,477870,34544780,Posted: 27 August,all,Puddles,"Very cute, neat mechanics, and maybe the best game tutorial ever made.  There seem to be some posts about porting issues, but I had none.  Game ran flawlessly for me.  If you have multiple controllers it may have problems detecting the right one.  I unplugged the offending controller (which has caused problems in other games) and no more issues.The price is a little on the high side for such a short game, but still glad I bought it."
,Recommended,477870,32958578,Posted: 28 June,all,まあくん,An original survival horror game. To fully enjoy it you will need some knowledge about Japanese folklore. It's not too scary but creepy enough. I loved it and I can't wait to play the next game of the series :)
,Recommended,477870,26471060,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,MyCrtFellOnMe,"Beat the game after about five hours. Good game, don't bother on the artbook or soundtrack, it's only one track."
,Recommended,477870,26471449,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Grand Einherjar,"In this game you play as a cute, little girl trying to get kidnapped for an achievement.I also killed my dog during the tutorial.Actually this is a really cute game, and pretty spooky when you're still learning what it's all about. I went in blind and just set my head on exploring and it was a mystifying experience. The game's always throwing new things at you to try and get you out of your comfort zone. Sometimes you might get lost and confused on what to do next because there's something spooky in the way, but pay attention and keep checking your map and you'll never get stuck. Each monster or ghosty goo has their own little rules regarding light, sound, or speed, so try whatever seems sensible and you'll probably be fine.This little girl can run for blocks at a time as long as she isn't freaking out. Pretty fit. Good cardio. Will probably die of a heart attack when she's older though. Bless her soul.Also, if you're into collecting items and completing lists (I know I am) you'll definitely still have things to do after completing the story. (There's a giant cat head in the trailer and I didn't even run into that in my game...)With that said, I finished the game in about 3-4 hours so I'm not sure if it's worth the $20 price tag when compared to some other games which easily have more content for the same or lesser price... but that's what Steam sales are for I guess.Overall I'd give this a cute and spooky out of ten. A cukey. Cuke out of ten. I'm gonna google that now to see if it's a real word.PS - I still haven't got that achievement.PPS - A week later I finally got the achievement. Spooked the crap outta me when it happened. Nice."
76561198052325510,Recommended,477870,26308736,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Ragjan,"An eerie search begins...Yomawari: Night Alone is a short indie-horror game. You'll play as a little girl, who is exploring her neighbourhood haunted by strange spirits and monsters in search of her sister.First off: This game is more of a stealth/survival than a horror game, with most of the death being jumpscares and death being no uncommon thing. This being said - the atmosphere is very well made, the games hand drawn textures and background noises underline the eerieness and the feeling of loneliness extremely well.The story thus far seems good to me, and I really enjoy exploring the neighbourhood with all of it's unique ghosts and locations! I also really like that there are archievements for this game - rewarding me for exploration and progression!I heard this game doesn't take very long to be beaten though and as I understood it seems to have only little replay value - so I would wait for a sale to grab it! I wish y'all who are playing good luck on your walk through the darkness!"
76561198227757332,Recommended,477870,26255728,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Soapstone,"The game is a pretty interesting game, it definitely is good at making you feel alone in a city on a dark night; the game is also very trying at time as the ghosts are not easy to dodge. The story is also pretty interesting and darkish. I definitely recommend it!"
76561197971556005,Not Recommended,477870,26334629,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Fyren,"It almost hurts me to do this; I love NIS' software and games, and was intrigued to see what they'd do with a venture into the horror genre from their usual fare of wacky SRPGs-with-hearts. I should have been bracing myself for a developer's mis-steps when attempting such a leap.It opens well; the instigating tragedy is caused by the protagonist in a fashion that is a bit of a gut-wrencher but in keeping with a childlike set of flaws. The opening phases contain some emotional moments delivered as sprites can with shifts in expression and text; The art style is fantastic and in keeping with NIS' long track record of good 2d art, as bizarre caricatures of terrestrial life and unnatural murder objects dance about beneath your flashlight.So that's the good, partially derived from strengths of the developer pedigree. Now... the bad.The game understands a lot of the elements that create tension - limited speed, vision, and resources - but kills the player too swiftly and too often for that tension to build properly. Your character dies in one hit if any of the game's numerous monsters so much as brushes its hand against her cheek. As a result, some sequences are only passed by trial and error deaths, and the same sequence isn't scary after you've tried it a dozen times. If you're like me, your response to death will eventually turn from a heart-pounding jump to an eye-rolling 'yep.' It relies too heavily on jumpscare and sudden monsters, is in later levels too stingy with the checkpoints, so that it eventually reaches the level of frustrating rather than frightening - a frustration sometimes added to by the game's habit of not telling you where in the town you're supposed to go next to advance the plot, meaning while searching it out I find a bunch of easter eggs I don't care about after a bunch of sudden deaths I didn't need to experience.The story is not intriguing enough to overcome the gameplay's severe faults. I'm in Chapter 6 of 7 and no central mystery seems to surround the appearance of the monsters that infest everything. They're just spirits and they're just there, and in the numerous random collectibles there's no real explanation for the existence of more than a select few. Apparently the town is just a spiritual dumpster that likes murdering children. I don't know whether or not the next corner is going to have something in the shadows that kills me - and I'm not interested enough to find out.Screw sis; I don't care if it was my fault. If she went out looking for a dog in this deathtrap of a town, I'm going to stay home, chalk it up to unnatural selection, then take the next bullet train to anywhere else."
,Recommended,477870,26595911,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,☆OrdinaryMagician☆,"Yomawari is an interesting little horror game where you play as the cutest little protagonist ever in her search for her ""missing"" dog and sister. Nights in Japan get pretty crazy however, and you must avoid being killed by spirits that apparently dont like your presence very much. The game itself might not satisfy you if you're looking for some intense horror, but there are at least a few good spooks in here. Its also important to consider the context, as you are an innocent child who is probably around 8 years old facing the very real consequence of death.The Good:+The game does an excellent job at mixing cute and scary with its artstyle. The atmosphere is also pretty on point.+Overall design for the characters and spirits is really good and unique.+Gameplay is simple yet effective, consisting of running from and avoiding spirits using various methods.+There is a surprising amount of depth to the story, and quite a few heartwarming moments.+Many small and subtle occurences throughout the town add some intrigue and mystery to the game.+The game runs like a charm and I havent encountered any bugs whatsoever.The Bad:-Certain areas of the game can be a bit heavy on unfair deaths until you figure out how to make it through.-At $20 the game isnt more than about 5 hours long, so the price may seem a bit much for some people.-The game isnt exactly the scariest despite its good atmosphere. Spooky at best.-An innocent little girl getting killed over and over is not okay. Dont mess up too much.Its also worth noting that the game can actually be bit difficult at times, but this isnt much of a problem though since its mostly just simple trial and error. Overall a very good game that I highly recommend if you willing to pay the $20 despite how short it is (or at the very least grab it when its on sale)."
76561197993840897,Recommended,477870,26577292,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Kohr-Ah,"Yomawari has to be one of the most easygoing horror games I'd played. Although you're searching for beloved family members, most of the time you'll be exploring the creepy town at your own pace. The chilling aspects come from the unknown: ""What IS that thing floating in the sky? Will it chase me? How should I get around it?"" As the game goes on, you learn what makes these spirits tick and the best ways to deal with them.Yomawari is short. Painfully so. You'll be done in a few hours, even after trying to find everything the town has to offer.Despite this, it delivers on a thrilling (and yet charming) experience."
,Recommended,477870,26372494,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Bread,Kowai yet kawaii
,Recommended,477870,35481283,Posted: 4 October,all,Sacrificial Toast,"Very strong atmosphere.  Had an enjoyable time, but a few sections get a bit frustrating in their difficulty."
,Recommended,477870,29623676,Posted: 1 February,all,Clangclang,"This is a lovely little horror game in both art and atmosphere.The story in this game is wonderfully told. There is not much dialogue, but there is enough hints in the environment for you to get what is happening. The spirits, which were once highly-revered, are becoming malevolent because of the people's lack of faith in them in the modern times. It can be seen in the dilapidated shrines and temples scattered throughout the game. Also interesting to note is that there are factions within the spirit world, trying to gain power over the other beings. You realize they are not all that bad, the ghosts and gods, and you will feel sympathy for them.The visuals of this game looked like it was hand-painted, and the character sprites were designed so cutely too. The game is pretty and also pretty scary (? more on that later). There is a lack of in-game music but various sounds within the silence make up for it and add to the eerieness (flickering light post, whirring of the vending machine, whispers of the spirits, etc). The sounds were so effective that wandering through the landscape of the town made me want to hide in a bush or signpost whenever I would hear the girl's heart beat get faster. :'(In a sense it is more creepy then scary, as the only scary part about this game are when monsters chase after you. That, you get used to as you will often end up being chased and killed. After multiple trials they don't phase you that much anymore. You even get an award for being killed multiple times and it is very easy to get, because you always get killed in one hit by the monsters/spirits when you touch them. And as much as that is frustrating, I think the game compensated on it by adding a no risk factor to when you die, because you still keep the items you've found, and if you quicksaved, the better. There is no risk to dying, and the game itself is not that difficult to complete.Other criticisms include the collectible items; most of the items you find do not directly serve a purpose to the main storyline. They are just that, collectibles or keepsakes. Also, playing with a controller is preferred vs. playing with a keyboard because of the awkward controls at times which may ♥♥♥♥ you over with certain monsters hehe.Despite all this, I think the pros outweigh the cons. It is a pleasant experience to play this game. Would recommend to anyone who likes both the cute and the creepy. (PS: If you loved Spirited Away, you may love this game as well)"
,Not Recommended,477870,33242371,Posted: 4 July,all,Aloine,"I wanted so badly to love this game. The art is beautiful. The story is interesting. However, after spending damn near two hours trying to get the game to play on my computer, it continues to crash every so often. As such, I have not been able to make any progress (as saving is limited), and have grown increasingly frustrated with the game.If you are interested in playing this game, be aware that it might not work. After some research and multiple attempts to fix the problem (even going so far as to use someone else's computer to try playing it), nothing has made this game playable."
,Recommended,477870,26253327,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,l2el3ecCa,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing genius. Graphic, Theme, Audio and StoryIf you need another kind of horror game that will make you fall from the chair so easily.Play this game with no Flash light on - Then you'll find what I said up there."
,Recommended,477870,26241180,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,One.Loko?!,If you are looking a game that has cute and yet scary gameplay fear not this game is what you are looking for.Sooooooooooocuteand yet sooooooo freakingcreepyas hell.Worth the wait. Would find my sister again. T-T
76561198100018241,Recommended,477870,30635335,Posted: 20 March,all,Dormint Blue,"Do I recomend this game. Yeah, it's fun. But I would get it on sale. Not $20 fun, more like $15.I was skeptical of this game, from the first moments of the tutorial, which seemed nothing more than a bland set of 'do this and now do this' for no reason. However at the end of the first part of the tutorial I realized that I was in for a treat. (One of the best ways to set the mood for a game from a tutorial I have seen)However even after the tutorial, I was skeptical because the gameplay revolved around, walking around/running around ghosts, in narrow streets and corridors. However, after the first few chapters, I got the hang of it, meaning I could enjoy the rest of the game. Which is a large, open map where things that try to kill you are at every turn, and you probably have to look up a tutorial to find out where to go next.Does that make this a bad game, close to it. However even past all of that I enjoyed it.The monster variaty is one of the reasons. Several monsters each with their own characteristics. (Gonna check to see if these monsters are based off of real like legends.) You have monsters that follow you around, monsters that chase down any light source, monsters that follow a set path unless you get too close, ect ect.Another thing is the flashlight system. Most of the monsters you encounter only show up in your narrow beam of light, and by the time you see them it's probably too late."
76561198098570165,Recommended,477870,26464709,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,GreenPanda,"Have really enjoyed this game so far. Jump Scares galore, can be a bit frustrating though as you figure out how to avoid the jumpscares but never the less this game is a good little horror."
76561198000318945,Recommended,477870,28108575,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Trrcn,Yowamari Night Alone is an Isometric adventure game from Nippon Ichi Software famous for the Disgaea franchise.  You play as a little girl trying to find her lost sister and dog in your home town gone SPOOKY.  The gameplay consists of little more than managing your stamina as you dodge monsters and other creepy things while exploring the map.  The game is 2 to 3 hours long and there isn't any music so I would be wary about the price.In the end I recommend it because it's not a bad game.  It's just that so many of these 'weeb' titles are overpriced because they know anime/manga fans will fall for it every time.  I mean look at neptunia...
76561198044204047,Recommended,477870,27632325,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,J-βeta,"A somewhat difficult, but alright game. Though the game will kill you consistently, it's also forgiving, in that you'll keep any items you found even if you're killed the moment you pick them up. The story is an alright one, a sort of coming to terms story that'll tug at your heart strings."
,Recommended,477870,26590227,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,darke_shard,"Yomawari: Night Alone is an unholy cross between My Neighbour Totoro and a J-horror film. Heartwarmingly adorable in some place and heart-attackingly terrifying everywhere else, this is an excellent game for survival horror fans."
,Recommended,477870,26727773,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,XColette,"I love it. Great story, great graphics, great gameplay, also I get scared easily and this game was perfect for me to play, get scared and sleep well without a problem, I just have some issues that I hope someone can help me with... While on the game sometimes the window froze and all I could do was hear the sound of the steps or sounds of the buttons and the heartbeat, but the character wasn't moving and I couldn't do anything so I had to close it and restart it, this was kind of lame because I had to do everything again from the house's savepoint. I hope you can fix this because it's a really good game, I really recommend it!"
76561198078127255,Recommended,477870,29994340,Posted: 17 February,all,KapBean,"Yomawari: Night Alone is a fun little horror game. While near the end, the enemy placement is a bit of a nuisance, I can't say I won't strive for 100% (or 99% due to one achievement). The story, while not in your face, is something you'll figure out with a bit of know-how or research.I find it wonderful to see NIS do something outside of a their usual tactics RPG every-once-in-awhile. With beautiful artwork that I wish was all available in the artbook, I say this is worth a playthrough. It's refreshing to come across a horror game that uses fear as punishment, but it isn't forced down your throat. You'll be walking down the streets of this Japanese city glad to see the ghosts and spirits, as well as all the hidden content. Watch your back and keep your pebbles handy. Oh, and keep your dogs close."
,Recommended,477870,29894847,Posted: 13 February,all,Naruchii,"Cute yet thrilling Horror game..I can enjoy this game with my younger siblings and friends <3It is simple but have many potential~!!As NIS fans, I really hope that NIS would consider giving this gamea saving slot and able to obtain achievements while playing offline..Many requested for health bar,but I think that would decrease the thrill of this game..I really like this game the way it is :)Just hoping for a bit more of improvement in accomodating our data only ^^I really recommend this game, dood~!!! <3"
76561198089184144,Recommended,477870,29764723,Posted: 7 February,all,Temeroso El Draque,"I enjoyed the game until the end, even with many lags cuz of my old pc hahah, anyway i like the cute and horror theme that's not a bad move, love it so much. the jumpscares really surprises me alot and kill me alot. Overall if there's something to improve maybe the usabilty of rocks, feeding cat kinda cute too i like it haha. Well I really really hope there will be another game like this don't u dare not making another one! :)"
76561198147922087,Recommended,477870,26360898,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Leon Note,"Love the art style, and the scares. Pretty dark and beautiful. Currently doing alets play of it now."
76561198093342017,Recommended,477870,29906792,Posted: 13 February,all,langlangq8i,please make a 2nd chapter pleaaaaaaase
76561198036268674,Recommended,477870,34207080,Posted: 12 August,all,WeeabooPocky,"a very great horror game. it's simple but his history and his monsters are so great, you can get scared so badly. you can die many times like in a souls game."
,Recommended,477870,32533170,Posted: 18 June,all,old chicken,"A young girl is walking her dog Poro around town at dusk when a tragic accident forces her to return home with only Poro's leash in hand. The girl's sister commands her to stay home while she goes out into the night to search for the dog. Time passes. Growing impatient, the girl decides to search for her missing sister and dog herself.But when she steps foot outside, she realizes that this is not the same town. The darkness has made the town unfamiliar, and she appears to be utterly alone...save for the spirits that stalk her. The girl must hide from, outsmart, or outrun the hunting spirits while she searches for clues to find her loved ones.100 of 10"
,Not Recommended,477870,26765141,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MyStIcClown,"This game couldn't even start up properly, no patch to fixed this game for a month (bought on halloween) , no respond on community as they said ""Post it in troubleshooting we will reply right away""if you are a Window 7 user maybe you will get lucky and fix this problem like other player said but if you are a Window 10 user you're ♥♥♥♥.In conclusion ""I RECCOMEND TO BUY THIS ON PSVITA IF YOU ARE A WINDOW 10 USER"""
76561198039199653,Recommended,477870,30109762,Posted: 22 February,all,Malo,"So on the one hand, this game is wonderfully thematic. Explore an empty and distinctly Japanese city while avoiding monsters which look like they crawled out of one of Miyazaki's nightmares.Contact with a ghost will kill you instantly. Some people might find this frustrating after dying a bunch of times in the same location, personally I've found it to add to the tension.On the other hand, there are a few cons. Keyboard controls are awkward. I'm four hours in, and I'm not really engaged in the main plotline. The puzzles I've encountered so far are limited to ''find object, place in obvious location''. You will die a lot, and many of those deaths are practically unavoidable, so there's a fair bit of trial and error. There are cutscenes here and there which try to play to your emotions, but they just come off as slow and irritating.There are some mechanics which feel like they're tacked on - rocks for instance. I can throw a rock about a foot, I can't collect it after it's thrown, and most ghosts ignore them. The city is strewn with collectibles - bits of gum, old plastic camera - I guess those are thrown in to cater for completionists?Apparently there are some side events I'll need to explore in more detail - little noteworthy encounters which you might find off the beaten track. It's a really cool idea, but these encounters seem pretty sparse. I think I've found one in four hours of play. I'd need to consult a walkthrough to have much of a chance to notice them, and to know what to do once I did.All things considered, I would recommend this game to others. I really enjoy exploring this spooky Japanese town. It's a shame though, with better writing and a bit more polish it could have been spectacular."
,Recommended,477870,30164205,Posted: 25 February,all,__,"I can't recall the number of times I swore at this game. Dying 30 times as stated in the achievements is not enough. The bare minimum would be 50.Notes:-Cute horror-Jump scares. No flash pictures (less 1)-Fitting atmosphere and sound effects.-Reasonably moderate difficulty level. Don't expect it to be a walk in the park, but it will take more time than the average small production games.It's a trolling game. It's so trolling I would play it over and over again, while cursing at it endearingly for every ghost running at me just out of my flashlight's view.Highly recommended for the ones not into horror, but still has an interest in it."
,Recommended,477870,26246458,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Okishop,Silent Hill 1 settled in a japanese chibi world. Lots of jumpscares and creepy moments.Only flaw is managing the stamina that can cause frustration at certain points.8/10
,Recommended,477870,26348184,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,sardine,"It's a relatively short game with a cute artstyle. Just like the firefly diary (another game nis made with a cute artstyle) don't be fooled by its apperance. Although it's relatively forgiving with your deaths since you get to keep the items you obtained before dying, every enemy has the chance to kill you in one hit. I don't want to spoil anything else so if you have the patience and commitment to die and die again for the sake of helping a little girl find her sister in a town infested with spooky spirits, then go right ahead."
76561198125737273,Recommended,477870,26227941,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,RealisticPeanut,"The only real down side to the game is its length but that just means they didnt add anything pointless! nice and straight to the point!Their is a lack of music in the game which is either a +/- depending on you're take.Does not have any replay value as it's more of a 1 run game. you can play it again but when u know where everything is and how to avoid what is where ever you're not going to get any surprises.The visuals are quite nice, though for a horror game their isn't much to spook you rather just give you a chill.It is a walkign simulator though with an okay story, if you're thinking about getting it just don't expect jaw dropping story telling and cinimatic cutscenes"
76561198010265754,Recommended,477870,35489118,Posted: 5 October,all,Ash,Very cozy creepiness. I recommend giving it a try.
,Recommended,477870,33656551,Posted: 19 July,all,pandora,a great sprite horror experience. i recommend going for full achievements if you want a a satisfactory experience.
,Recommended,477870,26279476,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,DeltaDox,Normally I find Japanese survival horror games difficult to play. The last one I played was Fatal Frame and that was quite difficult.But this game on the other hand pays off. I found it fun to play. For me it's very scary if you catch yourself off guard which I did countless times.
76561198284942126,Recommended,477870,26333081,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Erlash,"Stop looking at the comment just get the game already, good plotline, cute art style with scary monsters. just but it already (☞ﾟ∀ﾟ)☞ ""BUY"""
,Recommended,477870,26351235,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Laevatrien2,If you like swinging flashlights while listening to eerie silence in the dark. This should be the game for you.
,Recommended,477870,26503013,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Your ReCreation Fyonne,It's like Dark Soul minus combat. Cute yet scary. Dying is only way to figure how the avoid and run away from.... it?
76561198123572308,Recommended,477870,28291086,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,трахать тебя,"Amazing! Really is! Just ignore the negative feedbacks. Don't let it bother you or get you into thinking that the game is for 10 year olds. All I can advice is to play this game at night! It's really an amazing game! If you love CHIBI/KAWAII, then trust me, you're certainly going to ENJOY this!"
76561198196983173,Recommended,477870,26406825,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,DHelm11,"This game was great! I loved the story and the atmosphere it gave off. However, I would say that the $20 it costed, it probably was not quite worth that. The experience in my opinion was quite similar to that of Ib in feeling and style and length. But Ib was free. Not saying not to get this though, I did a let's play of it for my channel only a couple days after release and enjoyed it a lot. Just might want to wait for the price to go down..."
,Recommended,477870,33602949,Posted: 17 July,all,Yugure Yowane,Its wonderful
76561198241109280,Recommended,477870,26431909,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Phantom_Raze,"It's a neat little game that combines cute and creepy. Developed by the same people who created Firefly Diary or htoL#NiQ, it let's you explore a town in the middle of the night where all the ghosts and spirits wander around.The strength of the game is definitely the design of the ghosts and monsters. From stick figures, creepy woman to giant hairball spider, it's not lacking in enemy variety. You are allowed to explore the world although it does have a linear progression. I also really like the UI of the game. The map is a drawing of the little girl you are controlling and it's updated as you roam around the town.Unfortunately just like the devs' previous game, the weakness of the game is the difficulty and controls. Though the controls of this game are fine, the mechanics around it is flawed. Just like other horror games like Amnesia: The Dark Descent, there's no combat here and your only option is to run. They decided to add a stamina bar for running. The way it works though is that the closer the monster is to you, the faster the stamina drains. This factor alone makes the game more frustrating than it should be. Note that 1 hit from a monster is instant death. So you'll find yourself constantly getting killed just because the girl ran out of stamina. There is one particular part of the game where you have to be pixel-perfect in running away from a monster and I think I died a total of 10 times just because I didn't escape the hitbox of the monster by a hair.The story is kind of sparse in this one so if you're looking for a good story, then you'll be disappointed. Most of the bits and pieces of the story is written from the collectibles that you get as you explore the town. Most of the post game is also about collecting stuff and finding extra side events.All in all, I still recommend this game. If you're looking for a slightly creepy game and likes exploration in games, then you'll like it. Just beware of the frustrating gameplay mechanics."
,Recommended,477870,26430831,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,カテンヤ || Katenya,"I'm not too fond of horror games. I'm effectively a squeamish seven-year old girl when it comes to anything even slightly spooky, but when I saw the live-action first person trailer for what was then known as Night Watch, even I was interested.And so, perhaps two years later, Yomawari finally came out. And dear god did I love it.Firstly, some simple stats about the game. My first playthrough was 4 hours long, with a fair amount of deaths to add to the game time. I don't consider myself braindead, but several of the puzzles within the game had me stumped for quite a bit, stretching the game time a little further. With some friends over I sorta speedrun'ed the game and clocked in somewhere under 3 hours. Completing the game once and doing the bare minimum required to do so will give you 8/27 of the achievements in the game - After playing the game twice (roughly 8 hours total game time) I have 15/27 achievements.--Yomawari: Night Alone is an isometric Horror/Adventure game in which a young girl, whose dog Poro was involved in an unfortunate accident, must venture out into her town at night to search for her missing dog and her older sister who went looking for him.The game is fairly simple mechanically. Like many modern horror games, the girl does not come across any weapons to defend against the horrors she faces and must rely on 'stealth' of sorts, distracting, running or hiding away from the enemies encountered. The game's signature gimmick is the heartbeat - whenever the girl comes close to an enemy or is in a situation that scares her, her heart will start beating loudly. When extremely close to enemies, her heart rate increases further. In terms of gameplay, the heart rate affects your stamina (when panicking the girl cannot run for very long at all) and is used when hiding in certain hiding spots (when hidden, the screen blacks out and the player must rely on the girl's heartbeat and simple visual cues to tell when enemies are gone).However simple, the heartbeat mechanic is extraordinarily effective in helping to create a proper horror atmosphere - not to mention the absolutely fantastic sound design throughout the entire game. A lot of the time, the heartbeat will warn you of enemies approaching before they appear visually. Adding this to the fact that several enemies are difficult to see, the heartbeat alone is very effective at building up suspenseful moments. The heartbeat also adds a level of frustrated terror during inevitable chase scenes (the 'Screaming at the characters in a horror movie to RUN' type of frustration, mind you) because of how quickly the girl runs out of stamina.Back to the overall sound design - I entirely believe the game's sound is its best feature. If you don't play this game with earphones in and the sound at a normal level, you ABSOLUTELY WILL NOT get the full experience. The sound in the game is somewhat different to other horror titles: rather than synthetic sounds or string ensembles, the game relies on many normal and everyday sounds, albeit often somewhat distorted or exaggerated for proper effect. Walking up to a lamp post doesn't start up a synthetic scare chord to spook you, but does crackle and spark like a plug only half in a power point. There's no foreboding string section to send shivers down your spine when exploring the rice fields, but the sound of the wind blowing and grass rustling is eerie and terrifying. The game uses relatively natural and appropriate sounds in relevant and expected locations - yet even though these sounds are what you'd expect, there's just SOMETHING SO DAMNED SCARY about it all, something which I think is proof of its excellence.The visuals are very good for the atmosphere too. The game is played via the perspective of a young girl, and the visuals are appropriate for this. The game is overall in a cutesy style and the map is drawn in crayon scribbles, but I didn't feel this detract from the horror for me. There's a decent contrast between the cute style and the disturbing monsters you face, which gives the enemies addition scare value, but the monsters are also subject to the childish filter the game is seen through, which is fitting since the scares can be interpreted as a child's fears exaggerated to a degree. I think the visuals may be a turn-off for some buyers, understandably so, but I thought that they were entirely appropriate and didn't ruin my experience at all.The story is probably Yomawari's weakest point. The plot was enough to drive the gameplay for me, and even when I quit the game out of fear my desire to find out what happened to the dog and the sister brought me back after calming down. However, I felt that the game's conclusion didn't make much sense (although after playing through with some friends they made some plausable interpretations, so I might just be an idiot) and was kinda weird.I've heard people complain about the enemies and their existances not making any sense, but they're explained somewhat through the optional collectables found throughtout the game.One gripe I did have with the game is certain levels were, I suppose 'difficult'. The second last level in particular was an extremely irritating experience because of a single area that I couldn't get past (I think I spent 15 minutes in that one section alone). This can really make levels a lot less scary. I told myself that 'overcoming your fears' was a theme and accepted that the game could become more tolerable as I played, but this might ruin the experience for others.Finally, I generally like my games to have a '2 Dollars per Hour' ratio where I consider a game as good value. However, even at 20 dollars for a (minimum) 4 hour game, I think this game was worth my money. Even if I was scared out of my mind most of the time, I can easily say that I enjoyed every minute of it (except the second last level. ♥♥♥♥ that level). I was lucky enough to get the game slightly cheaper thanks to the Halloween/Release discount for the digital extras pack, so that may have skewed my opinion, but I feel this game is entire worth the price point. Also, with 90+ collectables more collection-inclined players are sure to squeeze out additional game time.--So, should you buy the game?If you are willing to really immerse yourself into the game, I assure you that Yomawari: Night Alone is an exception experience that you won't regret."
76561198176195305,Recommended,477870,35505326,Posted: 5 October,all,VezRog,"The game is great, it just lags a lot. At first im just going through the game and it runs smooth and everything, but after I play the game for a couple minutes it starts to lag immensly. Tell me if its my computer or the game. I have a preatty decent computer."
,Recommended,477870,26232115,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Soraya,"Do you want to be scared, I really afraid of this game. But so fun and scary. I enjoyed this scary game :)"
76561198137760167,Recommended,477870,26311447,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,RPGnosh,Surprisingly kind of a creepy game. controls are pretty well done. the story (so far) is good but leaves you wondering...where the crap are these girls parents? So far a rather enjoyable game I can't wait to finish. well worth $15-$20. Here's the first part of my walkthrough.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x53yi5sMq4Y
,Recommended,477870,29954779,Posted: 15 February,all,Spekulan Beras,"cons:not many bgmpros:intersting, good ambiance, cute character, scary"
,Recommended,477870,28561412,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Rens Agatha,AboutRateArt/graphicNICEGameplayFUN ENOUGHTMusicGOODPlaytimeMEDIUMStoryCREEPYRecommended?Yescan Low Spec User play this game?YesHow many Game Bugtoo many bug actuallyDLC worth?No DLCReview Version 1.0
76561198146522541,Not Recommended,477870,29595749,Posted: 30 January,all,khermerker,this game is not hard.. is more a punishing game.. really the game expect you die a lot.. and expect you do things over and over... even the easy things cause.. don't have a lot of checkpoints.. really that makes a hard game.. more harder that it should be.. ya game is cute.. ost is fine but the checkpoints are trash.. really trash...PD: had to restart game cause checkpoint was too far of get a key that i did't know that was there is bad design.
76561198306816215,Recommended,477870,26302156,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Keira Kitten,"If you like the Studio Ghibli film Spirited Away, then you'll love this game. You're a little girl who is looking for your sister in a ghost town (literally). The reason why I am enjoying this game so far is because it is so unexpected. You never know what is coming!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prBLJ_Wyo44"
,Recommended,477870,26303214,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Nietona,"Yomawari: Night Alone is a cutesy horror game about trying to find your sister, who has gone missing after going out in the dead of night to find your dog.The game itself presents this in a wonderful way, with the graphics being so adorable you'll react well at certain events in the story. The first thing that happens shocks you, and from there the horror aspect comes into play. You see, in Yomawari there are a plethora of different demons that are going to try and bring your night to an abrupt halt; make no mistake, many of them WILL succeed. The ways in which the demons come after you are all very different, but the way in which you die is consistent; a startlingly loud noise. The noise isn't that loud, so if you expect it it won't be an issue, but if you don't expect it you're going to be scared by it. As a fan of horror, this has never bothered me, but I can see where those who aren't fans would shy away and this is one of those points.As the story goes on, you'll find yourself traveling to each of many different places and meeting a variety of demons throughout the night, each of which act in different ways and force you to utilise all of the abilities at your disposal in order to escape unscathed. Then there are the ""boss"" monsters of each area that chase you to certain points where you have to use your not-so-nimble self to avoid them. More on this later.The wide variety of demons around that will come for you is a very positive point, and some of them can catch you off-guard; one type of demon comes up behind you when you least expect it and you have to dart out of the way as it will keep rushing in that one direction, and that demon got me so many times that after a while all I could do was sigh at myself for being forgetful.The different areas are very nice, and all add their own character to the surroundings. Speaking of, the environments are creative and have different ways to spook you. From hands poking out of walls to grab you to bins trying to lick you and causing the girl to freak out, this'll happen from time to time. Not frequently enough that you expect it when it happens, but frequently.That being said, the game basically consists of you running around specific areas with your torch on, shining it to show demons that are otherwise invisible to the naked eye. This is crucial, because otherwise you run the risk of dying to one without being able to see where it is. If a demon starts chasing you, you can run away, but your stamina is worse depending on how close a demon is to you.The criticisms start here, as having a stamina meter that depletes more quickly the closer demons are to you is incredibly frustrating. It can be tense, only just evading and really struggling to get away, but as a whole if you're caught by something like a boss monster and youjustevade one of its lunges, nine times out of ten you're dead anyway.Secondly is the designing of each area. Not the actual graphics, those are beautiful (as mentioned), but the map design. This, in combination with the relentlessness of some of the demons that chase you, can make this game a serious pain at times. The ones that take the cake with these are usually the ""boss"" encounters. They're usually done in a relatively tight space to move around in, like a thin path in the forest. The reasons that these encounters can be annoying is because bosses are usually relentless and do not stop chasing you; they usually run towards you, or run at you for a single ""attack"". In a tight corridor of an area, these can be very difficult to avoid as the areas are typically devoid of space to maneuver. If the boss charges at you or catches you in the direct centre of these pathways? Hope you like the game over screen, because you'll be seeing it.This ties in with my next major criticism, the save points. The save points available are actually rather plentiful, and great when you find them. However, usually it's when they're placed at the beginning of a boss area that they end up being frustrating. If the particular boss part is annoying for the reasons stated above, any death means you have to start at theverybeginning. This is averted during a particular boss fight later on in the factory where you're put down in front of it and you have to run. If you die, you're immediately checkpointed right there. Why couldn't it all have been like that? That's my concern; dying and having to re-do huge chunks of content isn't particularly fun, especially when you have to do it many times. It makes it a chore and seriously stops the game from even being creepy because it's just a chore to continually have to re-do parts (often some difficult parts, too) to get to the bit you failed at and have another go.Other than that, I quite enjoyed the game. A couple of parts of the story made me really sad, and the game was quite engrossing and enjoyable. Worth a try at the very least, I believe.TL;DRAside from a few notable flaws, an enjoyable game. Worth a try, though some parts can be frustrating."
76561198415121769,Recommended,477870,35395976,Posted: 1 October,all,lucky,CuteGood storyNot very scary
76561198116814883,Recommended,477870,26235264,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,BLAHBLAHwoohoo,"super fun, much scarier than i expected!"
76561198271144555,Not Recommended,477870,26425677,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Nyarlathotep,"Since the trailer, i've been wanting this game. This little jewel. I am a fan of Nippon Ichi. Played almost every tactics game of them, since PS2. Bought this game for myself, halloween present. A treat to myself. Full price. So eager to play, such a beautiful game...... that doesn't work. Seriously, DOESN'T WORK.They made a game that it's only guaranteed to work on a PC with DirectX 11 and DDI 11. Everything else is like a russian roulette. A week has gone and the support just says that it's looking for the answer. Go, look at the community. The topics are going. There was a beta version of the game. NOBODY had the problems that's bubbling in the topics? Seriously?I am disappointed with NIS. I will not say that I will not play this game anymore. Maybe someday, in a sale, when the problems will be in the past and, maybe, i will change my opinion about this game and NIS.For now, refunded it."
76561198064819872,Recommended,477870,26278649,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,MadeOfRage,Best game. 10/10
,Recommended,477870,26289546,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Dr.G,a Loli ghostbustercouldn't ask for more.10/10
,Recommended,477870,26312336,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,A|Z,Scary and cute at the same timeyomawari chan/10Totally recommended
76561198127035634,Recommended,477870,26295549,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Why So Serious,OHHH NUUUU (spends 5 mins exploring) And now sad.
76561198207127069,Recommended,477870,30075573,Posted: 21 February,all,文,Great
76561197993684254,Recommended,477870,30138090,Posted: 24 February,all,Masarai,hell yes
76561198114299924,Not Recommended,477870,33604290,Posted: 17 July,all,Blacks,"Instead of horror , this gamed only gives fraustration to me.I love the story and art-style but , but that one hit dead by ghosts and lost of stamina when chased by ghost made a chore to play this game. One more thing is those freakin ghosts won't leave even if you hide from them. Thanks ,  you jerks!"
76561197982559935,Recommended,477870,26227325,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Cylf,"The game really tries to get to you, even the first few minutes in.Really fit the niche i was hoping it would fill. was not disappointed 10/10."
76561198126539842,Recommended,477870,26275665,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Chator Curtis,หมาหนูหาย ... พี่จ๋าออกตามหา ...ทั้งคู่ไม่กลับมา ... ที่นี่ไม่เหลือใคร ...ข้างนอกก็มืดมิด ... หนูกลัว . พี่อยู่ไหน ...สงสัยต้องออกไป ... ตามหาหมาและพี่จ๋า ...คำเตือน เล่นได้ 1.30 นาที ก็เริ่มสะดุ้งทันทีใครชอบแนว Horror ไม่ควรพลาด เนื้อเรื่องดี เพลงประกอบเด่น เกมเพลย์ต้องขบนิดนึง แต่ไม่ยากเกินความสามารถหรอก
76561198040768064,Not Recommended,477870,26548370,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Agitatedone,"Please note, when I say that I can't recommend this game, at the moment I only have 1.7 hours of playtime and I'm very early in the game.As someone who just started playing and is a bit lost at the school, the game really does have way too easy deaths. I got the death achiev because on keyboard, it's incredibly frustrating to survive certain moments. Because of how diagonal movement works in the game (up/down+left/right), this makes certain enemies much harder than they should be. One of the first major enemies (found after you find a shoe), will jump out of bushes when you go near them. The only way to survive is to find cover, but the game is balanced in a way that you 'barely' escape even if you do it right... which is a shame because twitch reflexes on a keyboard is not good. Almost all of my deaths were from running towards a hiding spot, only to get stuck on a wall next to it.With this in mind, I cannot suggest this game with mouse+keyboard simply because the game seems designed for better mobility/turning that  a controller may be able to give. Maybe I'll be able to recommend it after trying it with a controller, but at the moment the game is just not scary when you die because you ran into a tiny brick wall corner instead of jumping in the bush right next to it, and have to repeat that 10+ times.*Edit: after watching an LP, I will admit that I am wrong about said enemy, it is possible to deal with it another way. That said, there are enemies even further in the game that can insta-teleport next to you and others which are harder to deal with. The game does have emotional moments, very impactful ones, but again I got a dying achievement in basically chapter 1... in a game that shouldn't be about dying (this isn't Super Meatboy). Maybe I just suck, but I will stand by my statement: don't play this on keyboard."
76561198087775784,Not Recommended,477870,26485702,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,tom ganks,"i cant play this game, everytme update your activex and dll :c pls help me"
,Not Recommended,477870,33423329,Posted: 9 July,all,Nirran,Game is an awful port. Refuses to full screen which breaks controller support through a steam link. Can't recommend this at all with all the problems it seems to be plagued with.
,Not Recommended,477870,33393325,Posted: 8 July,all,unwaveringresolve,"I really, really dislike the use of the heartbeat as a monster-detecting mechanic - particularly since it seems to trigger even in situations when I'm not in danger. PLus, every time I've died, it's because I was blindsided by a monster I couldn't see. I don't know whose idea of fun this is, but it's not mine."
,Recommended,477870,26218684,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Pete5506,A reminder to never go outside.
,Not Recommended,477870,26501212,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,DARTH DEHL,"FOR SOME ♥♥♥♥ING REASON MY QUICKSAVES ARE NOT WORKING?!, LOADED UP MY SAVED FILE AND IT RETURNS ME TO THE HOUSE EVERY SINGLE TIME :("
76561198256191995,Not Recommended,477870,26529642,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all, Nephthys ,"Game is good. Judging from what I have seen in youtube that is. But gameplay wise....I have no idea. My copy was ill ridden with bugs and bugs until I got enough of it.I frequent their forums and support only are very cooperative around the release date and now....they still fixing, still patching whatever stuff that preventing me from playing the game.I have done my part. I updated my win 7 until i cant update it no more. I have updated my display drivers until nvidia said ""stahp."" Spring cleaning all the drivers. Everything. Anything. To make at least let me see the main menu of the game. Nein. i was denied.So with heavy heart, I refunded the game. Probably in the future, when they finally found the philosopher's stone and fix the damn bug, I will purchase it again. But for now, i'll just wait for my money to buy other games."
76561198037312064,Not Recommended,477870,33503563,Posted: 13 July,all,deadmanwalkin,i really wanted to love this but sadly its a mess please save your money and sanity and don't pick this up
76561198056283836,Recommended,477870,26224599,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,los tiburon,worth the investment.
76561198013489529,Not Recommended,477870,26327328,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Void_Incarnate,"This game makes my monitor look drunk.I get that it's a Vita port, and I own a PS Vita. Games look good on the 5in screen, but if you're going to port to PC, you need higher res asssets or the game will look like sh!t.Having said that, it's a fairly charming game with questionable time-wasting mechanics. Want to know how specific enemies work? Die, and repeat. Want to explore the map? Die and repeat. Want to pad out game length as a developer? Make the player die and repeat a lot. Wait, on second thought, *don't* do that.Much of the game involves aforementioned dying and repeating. When you're not dying and repeating your last few minutes of gameplay, you're hiding in a bush instead of playing the game.It's nice to see interesting games getting ported from Japan, but at $20, you are not getting your money's worth. Wait for a sale."
,Recommended,477870,33921349,Posted: 30 July,all,JeSuisContent,10/10
,Recommended,477870,26224380,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Rinka Lynx,Don't. Play. This. Game. Outside.
,Recommended,477870,26222952,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,BloodMallow,cute <3 and spoopy game10/10 would throw a pebble again
,Recommended,477870,26223984,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Jon Gaming,Awesome Game!  Make sure to check out the gameplay below!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-2-rHwraOQ&feature=youtu.be
76561198133286100,Not Recommended,477870,29764770,Posted: 7 February,all,FreshSocks- OneAndOnly,"I dont know what the problem is with that game, but every time i want to start it, there is a message: ""Steam has to run to play that game."" Well not that i start that game in steam -.-"
76561198309983235,Recommended,477870,28817666,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ZZ,Amazing
76561198155535186,Recommended,477870,26224298,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Thunmagotchi,10/10
,Recommended,477870,32890296,Posted: 27 June,all,MANIIII,The Eyepatch :c
,Recommended,477870,26221676,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,NightPhoenix,Ms.Yomawari/10
,Not Recommended,477870,28440310,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,XxRunexX,Not impressed with launching issues. I haven't been able to play the game despite patches to fix the launching errors.
76561198119141414,Not Recommended,477870,26345961,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Flodeco,For the moment :The game crashes everytimeDevelopers : It's your fault.So don't buy it now.
76561198134928431,Not Recommended,477870,32670075,Posted: 23 June,all,Wonenter,"The art, cute.The story is simple and easy.For a horror game, not that badBut personally I hate games like these. You know, its a game, so as you go deeper into the level it should get a little difficult everytime so that the audience can get some stimulation every level. This got nearly impossible at a certain level. It was like I was expecting to fight a level 20 boss next but it was a level 50 boss. Some people might enjoy this because of all of the above but personally, I want to have fun when I play games, not get frustrated."
,Recommended,477870,26380127,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Solid Eyes,This's my first game I buy and I think it's a best one you should try :)
,Recommended,477870,26745446,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,AmeWoIfbanes,"Wow..  the gameplay, the graphics, the sound FX, the surrounding all mixed on a simple yet Challenging horror-adventure story.  It took me weeks to post a review after playing this for just 6 hours ( until post-credit ) , I'm prone of sad story. After worrying how  little missy facing the hellish night she been through, sometimes you startled and shout ""RUN"" , ""HIDE"" then panic , ""curse"" if she dies and yet died so many time  I guess I called this game ""Yomawari the Edge of tomorrow"" because you'll predict what will happen after you spawn.  I thought I never get her through all of this, and yet still keep going. Well its all part of the game, maybe her cuteness or her sadness is the reason for me to keep moving and finish the game. For all of this I say its a nice game.  Good thing I bought this than the COD:IW"
,Recommended,477870,26908782,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MaxPowerzs,"I love the atmosphere in this game. There's nothing like getting chased by a giant cat face to get your adrenaline pumping.The soundtrack for some reason is only one track. It's a good track, but I would've liked more."
,Recommended,477870,27505809,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,🆁🅾🅾🆃,"A really nice and cute horror japanese game,Looks really friendly in the first place but will take you deep into his story, a few jumpscares and a ton of monsters...Really great sounds effect and music.Also some really cool and original graphics plus a big thumb up for the really neat japanese structures / temples...Really awesome !"
,Recommended,477870,26476602,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,DeafWaffle,"The reason, I dont recommanded this; thats freaking annoying and be hostage, forced to uninstalled.. Beware  the Yokai.GOSH THEY'RE DANG ADORABLE BANDITS."
76561198141400110,Recommended,477870,28004976,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Macmmis,A very well made and atomspheric horror game but the puzzles are a little vague and tough to solve
76561198309329711,Recommended,477870,28559963,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Führer,"Often with movies and games dealing with the ""Unknown"" things don't really feel overly surprising, we've seen it all before, countless times. Yet here, in Yomawari we are reduced to inevitably seeing that which, flickering in the darkness is truly foreign and truly frightening. We assume the roll of a young little girl, frail and confused we traverse this uncharted terrain unaware just what is out there, and likewise how, if at all we are to deal with it.Yet it is not all horrors, as we must come to terms with the grim, emotional realities that lead us on this dark adventure, crying into the night as we face many unpleasant realities that brought us into the darkness from which we are attempting to push through.""Yomawari: Night Alone"" is a rare game where from the darkness, fear comes alive to the beating of our own hearts.-/\/\-P.S. If by chance you are Fans of Yume Nikki, Silent Hill and/or Jinjo Ito I immediately recommend this game as a ""Must Buy!"""
76561198096244349,Recommended,477870,28023099,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,aѕcιlιa,<3 ~By far the cutest & most enjoyable little horror game I've played in a while; I highly recommend it for players who find games such as these fun.I mean like; sure the cutesey look doesn't imerse you into it on a horror aspect.. but overall I still find it enjoyable ~
,Recommended,477870,28140479,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,R7k.Shadow.Razer,This game is nice to play but it crashes on me and when I get back in the quick saves on the jizo statues did not load up.
76561198208791083,Recommended,477870,28051380,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,bashgold,"great story, love the jumpscares and the monsters also has a great world for you to explore and many collectibles"
76561198062893056,Recommended,477870,28042859,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Kameikite Komeiji,"Japanese horror game is one of all game horror i targetcuzsimple graphicfile size not rly bigalmost all game like this just need keyboard without a mousekawaii, crazy, blood everywhere,  gore, and more nyahahahathe ending always make u say ""WTF"" or silent in the momentsome item will make you want to back to first placeits not scary but make your heart bump hardalways have different sound that will make u know what situasion ur MC nowthe one i love is suddenly no sound time, that no west horror game have. (u know what will happen when u play japanese horror game)"
,Recommended,477870,27912646,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Katar,"Yomawari: Night Alone is a horror game that manages to be extremely tense  while also being kawaii at the same time. Yomawari contains the occasional jump scare but it mostly generates a spooky mood by laying it on thick with the atmosphere and childlike sense of wonder about the world. You will wander around not knowing what will trick the game will pull next or how creatures will react to you. It's incredibly unnerving and makes you feel like a small defenseless child which I liked.Overall a unique little horror game, I would recommend it if you want something scary but nottooscary or a game with a unique feeling to it."
,Recommended,477870,27838527,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LuisS,"Great, but very glitchy. Please fix."
,Recommended,477870,27619389,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TwilightCat,Simple gameplay yet really creepy and scary! Keeps you glued to the screen (or not!)
,Recommended,477870,33216457,Posted: 3 July,all,Bee O'Problem,Nice creepy atmosphere and good artwork. Not the most difficult game overall but I've not finished it yet. It definitely sells the idea of how even the familiar can become scary when you're alone in the dark.The main flaw IMO is that you can bum rush required items without regard for your survival due to how the quicksave system works. I think it would've been better to have more forgiving monsters but having your inventory reset to your last quicksave on dying.
76561198152948116,Recommended,477870,33370927,Posted: 8 July,all,<3RitsuChanDesu<3,"Just a little girl wondering around town looking for her lost dog and sister while meeting a new bunch of friends that try to kill her. All I can say is this game is stressfull and need a lot of patience. What funny about this game is, once I died because the game 'make' me so. This one spirit chase me and try to make an abilities to kill me, but the cutscene 'pause' the spirit to kill me..on this cutscene, the spirit was trying to kill me...but right after the cutscene finish, I'm f***ing dead XD Still, it is fun to play.Pros-nice graphic-good story-cute little girl(mean it)Cons-lack vision ongame(block by tree/bushes/house/whatsoever)-dull gameplay-DO NOT TRUST THE TUTORIAL"
,Recommended,477870,30006920,Posted: 18 February,all,Biddin | ビディン,"Cute and Horror? An odd combination, indeed. However, they managed it very well. The main goal of rescuing her sister wasn't the main highlight for me; It was the lore behind the ghosts you'll come across while playing the game. Those are based on actual Japanese horror folk stories. The gameplay was amazing, and rather brutal because you'll be holding and spamming the sprint button more often than not, especially when you know it won't work when you actually need it. Oh, the rage."
76561198338049458,Recommended,477870,28713651,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,karenwong98,"The game is great. Graphics and characters are cute and they make the game less scary.  The content of the game really corresponds to what it is said in the promotion video: Every adult was once a child, and the game reminds you of what we,a as adults now and children in the past, used to be afraid of: the darkness and the things that may exist in the darkness. Throughout the game you will feel scared and hopeless, just like you yourself is a little girl who are lost and looking for your family (The heartbeat sound effect is awesome!).The only shortage of the game is that it's short, which makes it unworthy to pay HK$119 (aroung 12 Euro) for it. I would recommend buying the game only when it is on sale. The other problem is that some events and items are closely related to Japanese traditions, which foreigners, especially Western foreigners, may find it difficult to understand."
,Recommended,477870,28849133,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,GTFO,"Bought this game for its cute graphics and the horror experience.. to be honest didnt expect it to be all that scary but it prove me wrong.. it got me hooked the moment I start my adventure.. definetely worth buying it, will write more review once i spend more hours"
,Recommended,477870,28843040,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Shi no hono,"This game.. I tell you XD this game is amazing, it has the horror in there and an insanly hard mechanic of DONT DIE XDThe lack of background music enhances the fear of getting caught, the very tutorial is feel inducing. This is definate purchase  and I would recommend this to anyone who loves the horror genre. I love it and I never expected a game with this art style to be so terrifying"
,Recommended,477870,35498832,Posted: 5 October,all,Rabbit,"I play this game for hours ,this game so beautiful with soundtrack to ,so many puzzle this game but not to scare like horror game u seenArt 8/10Story 8/10Sound 8/10"
,Recommended,477870,35508297,Posted: 5 October,all,Blaze,"Fun game with a good art style, only downside is there are a few game crashes here and there. But as long as you save frequently they shoundn't be too detrimental to one's gameplay experience."
,Recommended,477870,35510127,Posted: 5 October,all,TrumpCard,">Begins game>Enjoys cutsie art style and knows this will be a light-hearted game>Gets accustomed to monsters and ways to avoid them>Laughs with joy at simple, fun game>Finds deserted alley-way>Sees lone cell phone>Walks toward it>Startled by it's sudden loud ringing>Answers phone>Gets baited by classic jumpscare>Notices bait and begins running>Runs over manhole and gets grabbed by sewer monster>Begins to feel actual fear and panics>Turns around>Instantly regets decision>Proceeds to get jumpscared and murdered by a devious little doll>Shuts off game10/10 will not play again"
