user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,480490,33980954,Posted: 2 August,all,Str8 Flexin,"Pros -+ Excellent gameplay. Everything feels so damn right. I love it.+ Story is told through gameplay/environment, you can skip as much as you want, or piece together as much as you want and be fine either way. Fantastic sub plots.+ Rewards exploration.+ Music/Sound effects are great.+ Atmosphere is just.... Wow.+ Replayability+ Very pretty gameCons -- Zero gravity sections. There is nothing wrong with them really, but I'm just not personally a fan of navigating through them.- It ended.Arkane Studios, while possessing a rather strong track record, I wasn't sure ifPreywould hold up toSystem Shock 2or even be close after seeing all the comparisons drawn to it. After playing it however, I was in shock (no pun intended) at how it managed to not only exceeded my expectations, but it turned out to be one of my favorite games of the past few years. If you loveSystem Shock 2, you owe it to yourself to play this masterpiece."
,Recommended,480490,31552353,Posted: 4 May,all,TheDisableBore,"After finishing the game, all I want is to start it again and mix my character build toward another gameplay style, explore some areas and side-quests I missed and read some more emails from hacked computers.PREY has it's small faults that may hold it back for some people. Gunplay is questionable, Story looses some focus depending on how you tackle it, ect.And still it manages to be one of the most enjoyable experiences I had in a long while on a videogame. From it's ridiculous attention to small details to assist immersion, to the open-ended way the game lets you explore, to how every single crew member has a reason to be there and can be found, PREY just rewards you for letting yourself consumed into it.While I do reccomend people who are in doubt to wait for a sale, consider the following.Did you enjoy System Shock? Did you liked Deus Ex? Did you cherished Rapture?If you answered ""Yes"" to any of those questions, then give yourself a lovely treat and just play this game.Original review of fun facts.Great Optimization.Maxed out with not a drop in framerate.Beautiful art and scenery.Rather impressive tech, especially the looking glass.Very PC friendly in-game interface and decent setting customizations in case you want to mess with it.Human Revolution- Style inventory management is elegantly used and managing menus is comfortable and easy to navigate.Crafting that makes sense since any item you pick up can be recycled, you can make ammo and such easily.Immersion factor is 11/10It's pretty hard , even on normal it's a good idea to look for other paths and know when to not engage.Speaking of, you do have many paths, even unconventional ones, with some careful thinking you can actually go anywhere and even skip locked doors and hazards without much problems. You are really rewarded for being patient and taking your time to think about the situation.Meaty combat. Do NOT expect to blast everything in your way, battles are brutal and can end as fast as they start.Ammo is scarce so you better think what you're doing.Actual tension when exploring unknown areas because anything can be a disguised alien.Skills have to be balanced , but allow a sneaky and tactical manuver or agressive and direct approach (or in between).The entire station is fully explorable.Do you like lore books? Quite many of those around.Mick Gordon does the motherf**king music."
76561197970524443,Recommended,480490,31787377,Posted: 16 May,all,HooksGURU,"First, let me say, Prey (2017) is a phenomenal experience.From the introduction to the ambiguous protagonist role, the intentionally misleading plot points, the often cryptic delivery of past events, and the overall sequences that transpire alongside progression; it truly is a psychological tale of fear, betrayal, and achievement of personal goals.So now, onto the spoiler free, and important parts.GraphicsWhile Prey is not the most awe-inspiring title in terms of visual fidelity; it is consistent in design and use of CryEngine’s technology. From the emptiness of space, to the twisted frames of space station corridors, and the once occupied resident chambers; the details are all present and accounted for. There is a certain polish to each location within the environment that seems to be missing from so many titles. No specific area steals the attention from another. Each is equally tailored with clutter, illuminated workstations, hidden access vents, multiple routes, and a finished feeling to the geometry with each new setting. Lighting interacts with assets within the environment as it should, and shadow generation serves to add a depth to the peril of solitude. Textures are evenly distributed, so that no object looks as though a low-resolution “replicate” was injected in the last moment of the build. It’s all done so clean and precise. Which makes the experience of each new location discovered, and frequently familiar locations really stand out.AudioAmazing. It really is. From the somber acoustic guitar strums that help raise the sorrow of loss and discovery, to the frighteningly piercing cries of the Nightmare; sound is constructed marvelously. Distinct sounds provide points of enemy locations, while weapons you will use against them sound visceral and unique. The ambiance of beeps and satellite hums of the station’s exterior, resonate between uneasy breaths of oxygen; which really serves to capture the sense of isolation. One thing that really stood out in sound department for me, was the interaction with the station’s equipment throughout the journey. Doors, display interfaces, service drones, gravity chambers, and characters; all had memorable moments. I felt interested in discovery, and the sense of linearity was absent during these interactions. Overall, the audio design is very well implemented, and possibly one of Prey’s strongest attributes.Story & ConclusionLet’s be perfectly clear here. This isn’t the continuation of the 2006’s Prey legacy…and that’s not at all a bad thing.Prey (2017) is a reimagining and reconstruction of what was for the most part, an overlooked and forgotten IP. Prey (2017) attempts to tackle a psychological, and neurological struggle; between alien occupation, and reconciliation of a greatly missed story fragments. Nothing is clear up front, and trust is hard to come by. Prey places the story, and the solutions to that story in the player’s hands. You will uncover corporate espionage, healthy relationships and activity between staff while life aboard Talos 1 (space station) was blustering; and backtrack through what feels like a never-ending plot twist of control and power struggle. Your main enemy within all the commotion aboard the space station isn’t quite clear. The pattern of deeper secrets and trails of alien technology are “tucked away,” as to avoid revealing too much at any one time. Between the scattered and often returning range of foes, you have plenty of targets, which distribute randomized and often needed supplies. These supplies aren’t abundant, and often serve as precursors for larger more significant consumables, or that of key items required for survival. As you progress, a wide range of technologies and personal augmentations are available to ease the consistently changing difficulty curve. With these, unique powers broken down into three primary categories: Energy, Morph, and Telepathy. While hacking abilities for example, are located within the Scientist category. A branch that helps in circumnavigating workstation data, enemy technology, and storage accommodations which may hide critical components desired by the player. There are six total categories in all, and each offering unique attributes. This upgrade process is controlled by what is a major storyline subject; Neuromods. While some skills may require only a single injection (one charge), others will require more to be used at once. You will learn much more of Neuromods, their application, and the history throughout the story.TL;DROverall Prey (2017) is a fantastic game through-and-through. It’s interesting, well-constructed, mechanically smooth, and most of all, an enjoyable experience. I am more than confident this is only the beginning for Arkane Studios and Bethesda’s publishing license. Prey (2017) is strong “comeback” for what was an otherwise generic and anemic shooter (Prey 2006) with characteristic, we are all best to forget.I for one plan another playthrough in the near future, after the first on ""hard"" had accumulated 30+Hrs, and there are still portions I missed out on."
76561197968567439,Recommended,480490,32168054,Posted: 3 June,all,AlphaBeard,"This is a must play game; free roaming, open ended FPS RPG with an enormous amount of player agency with some exceptional writing and storytelling. If you're at all interested you owe it to yourself to play this game."
,Recommended,480490,31553507,Posted: 4 May,all,Powndonice,It feels like I'm exploring Rapture for the first time again.
,Recommended,480490,32896325,Posted: 27 June,all,Sardonic,"Prey is a masterpiece.Its greatest strength is its story and worldbuilding, which are top-notch.  All the emails, audiologs, decor, and even the dialog are written tonally consistently and well.  Story choices feel earned and actually have weight.  It really feels like it's greater than the sum of its parts.  The writing talents of Chris Avellone are on display here in full force.  Many games' dialog feel insultingly basic and idiotic, not so here.Gameplay-wise, if you've ever played System Shock 2, or even Bioshock, you'll be right at home here.  It has so much more merit than Bioshock Infinite as a -shock game  it's not even funny. The variety of skills keep things interesting, and there's a lot of potential for multiple Prey playthroughs, or, Preythroughs as nobody has ever called them.  The game does kind of drag in the last quarter, but by that point you should be able to quickly run through everything to get to the plot.Overall, a lot of love clearly went into the making of this game.  Don't make the mistake of passing it up, quality like this is rare, and we need more games like this."
,Recommended,480490,31834530,Posted: 18 May,all,Sergape Gorillakhev,"This is one of few games I've taken the time to write a positive review for. Nobody will really read this, so I'll be quick.It's System Shock 1, except better, and with 2017 tech."
,Recommended,480490,31556888,Posted: 5 May,all,Harry101UK,"First impressions - Fantastic.System Shock 2 + Bioshock + Deus Ex + Dead Space - mix them together and you get Prey.PC VersionPC version runs like a dream. Full resolution support, uncapped framerate (144, or higher with config tweaks), no mouse accelleration, fully bindable controls, etc. An FOV slider would be nice, but can be configured in the config files anyway. Apparently it will be patched in. That said, the default FOV works well enough.On my 980 Ti, I7 6700K, 16GB RAM, 2560x1440 144fps, on the highest settings it's pulling 100-144fps at all times. Good stuff. Not the most mind-blowing graphics ever, but they look nice and work very well.GameplayFreedom of choice is the best part about it throughout. Whenever you're confronted with an obstacle, there are usually endless ways to get around it, or solve it. Can't get through a locked door? Perhaps you could shoot a dart through the window to hit the door-release button. Maybe crawl through a vent. Maybe you can wait 30 minutes for the cleaning robot to enter the room. Or, just find the key!Enemies are tough. (at least on Hard / Nightmare) Almost every encounter will feel like a challenge, and gradually get more fair as you pick up better gear and abilities. The 'Mimic' enemies are very unique; as they mimic items in the environment. You'll constantly be paranoid; hitting random mugs and chairs with your wrench to make sure.Audio + MusicThe audio design and music is absolutely on-point. Mick Gordon (DOOM) made the score, and it really adds some amazingly tense, and even creepy moments. With a good pair of headphones, the failing space-station sounds fantastic; eery sounds around corners, parts exploding in the distance, etc.Noteworthy Mentions- A very gripping and intriguing intro sequence. I was confused and amazed by it.- It has seamless interactive terminals, much like Doom 3 and Deus Ex. You can read emails, open secret compartments, play video files, download maps, etc. All with your own mouse aim.- There is no 'Experience' system, so you're encouraged to play however you want. No killing everything in sight for some XP, or hacking everything for points.- The 'Looking-Glass' mechanic is really cool and unique. It provides some key plot points and makes exploring more interesting.Will update as I play more."
,Recommended,480490,34152159,Posted: 10 August,all,Professor Chimp,"So ... PreyBrought to us by the Austin, Texas branch of Arkane Studios. I’ve heard it described as being inspired by Half-Life and System Shock. The former is a bit iffy aside from a vaguely similar opening and first weapon, but the latter rings true. Prey wants to be System Shock. Really badly. That’s not a strike against the game though. Arkane previously brought us the pretty damn solid Dishonored game, which take a lot after Thief, that other big title from the legendary Looking Glass Studios. Question is, does Prey succeed? I think it does. Kind of. In fact, I had written half a dozen pages going over everything I feel works (or doesn’t). But ♥♥♥♥ that, nobody wants to read an essay. I’ll just do the cliff notes. Pros and cons.ProsOpen-ended level design and gameplay. There are usually multiple ways to get into places or beat an enemy. A little creativity goes a long way in this game and thorough exploration is rewarded.Lots of mechanics to play around with. Hacking, recycling, crafting, psionic powers, spacewalking, shooting stuff and, most importantly, eating food (All for me, cuz I’m a greedy slob. NPCs can’t have any.).Powers are fun to play around with. You can turn into a toilet roll, or a desk lamp. Know many games that let you do that? Didn’t think so.A pretty high difficulty curve. Enemies are fast, aggressive and can take big chunks of health with attacks, especially on harder difficulties, forcing you to be smart, lay traps and use the environment to your advantage.In System Shock 2, picking the wrong upgrades could seriously screw you over. Prey reduces this a lot. You can still mess up, but you’d have to consciously try. Good on you Arkane, for not copying System Shock in that respect.ConsSound design is plain bad. Volume levels are all over the place, with some sounds too quiet and others obnoxiously bloody LOUD. Some voice recording quality is also subpar. Music is forgettable.Gunplay is pretty weak. Yes, it’s not the focus of the game at all, but if you want high-octane firefights, don’t expect to get them. You’re better off looking somewhere else, like for example DOOM.The story and characters are pretty hum-drum. There are multiple endings and some plot twists, but those are pretty much mandatory for this type of game. You can see them coming from a mile away if you explore a little.The graphics and aesthetic are pretty nice, though not top-of-the-line. Performance is pretty spotty though. It’s mostly stable, with high framerates (140+ at max settings on my rig), but sometimes it dips massively (lowest around 30-40). Seems more common in some areas, so, uneven optimization?Some pretty annoying bugs remain, even after patching. For example, it’s possible to slip through wall collision boxes and fall outside of the map, or even get stuck there. Especially while spacewalking.I’m being harsh, aren’t I? That’s quite a lot of negatives up there, some pretty severe. You’d think I didn’t like Prey. I do. I didn’t regret my time with it. The stuff it does well, it does well enough. Except, not exceptionally well. Not the graphics, the story, the setting and certainly not the sound. Basic gameplay is ok, but nothing mindblowing. There’s potential for greatness there, and it tries, but never really reaches it.That’s why I’m so harsh. I love this type of game and I’m happy Arkane Studios seems to have take up the mantle of making them, one of the few left who are actually putting stuff on the market right now. Looking Glass Studios and Ion Storm are gone. Irrational Games and Eidos Montréal are pretty much out as well. Night Dive Studios and OtherSide Entertainment have yet to release their games. I believe Arkane can do better though. They have done better.So my final conclusion is: average game with some highlights and some annoyances. Buy it IF you’re a fan of this genre. Everyone else, wait for a big sale or maybe even skip it.I rate Prey 3 out 5 bananas.Wait, I take it all back. Just found you can turn into a banana and then float around in space. New rating is ALL of the bananas out of 5 bananes. Banana of the year.What my ratings mean:1 bananas - Crap. Turn around & don’t look back.2 bananas - Bad. Not really worth it.3 bananas - Average. For fans of the genre or a sale.4 bananas - Good. Won't waste your time.5 bananas - Superb. A definite must-play."
,Recommended,480490,31660373,Posted: 9 May,all,Lazer Laurence,I have a Nerf gun and I can turn into a cup. I never knew I wanted either of those things so much in video game.10/10
76561198072197369,Recommended,480490,34270188,Posted: 15 August,all,FeroFerreTuliLatus,"A very good game indeed, but also a very ""Arkane"" game, with everything that entails.To digress for a moment, I loved Dishonored (didn't like Dishonored 2 anything like as much, but that's another story), but I don't think I ever killed a single person, other than the ones you had to kill. Arkane seem to specialize in adding a dark stain to the things that should be most fun in the game - in Dishonored, the consequences of killing a person made you feel dirty and changed the outcomes, while in Prey, taking Typhon powers does the same. Now, there are people who don't have a problem with this, and I envy them, because they can experience  the totality of the game's offerings, but for me, it was too much of a stretch. I played through a first time without taking a single Typhon power, then decided I would playthrough again, this time taking any powers I found appealing... But I didn't. I arrived at the endgame without a single Typhon power again. What a throwback, huh?In a sense, this is good design, and I can't actually fault Arkane for it, but it's also a little frustrating. I can already hear some of you telling me just to man up and stop being such a wimp, and I can't disagree with that either, but if nothing else it's interesting that I find myself reacting this way to Arkane's games. Moral ambiguity and I don't seem to get along very well.The game itself is beautiful (try it on a really big monitor with a monster GPU to see how lovely it really is) and although it has some occasional frustrating bugs, it's mostly pretty polished. The gameplay is pretty well paced, and although there aren't many weapons, some of them are *really* cool (Gloo gun, I'm pointing at you).If I had a criticism of it, it's that - for me at least - it doesn't have a lot of replayability: it's pretty linear, and if you're a thorough explorer, you'll probably find most of what there is to find in a single playthrough... But you'll have a whale of a good time while you're doing it.Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,480490,31543938,Posted: 4 May,all,The Creature From Mud Lagoon,"My girlfriend asked why I carry a gun around the house? I looked her dead in the eye and said, ""the mother♥♥♥♥ing mimics"".She laughedI laughedThe coffee mug laughed.I shot the coffee mug, it was a good time."
76561198006704066,Recommended,480490,31635823,Posted: 8 May,all,ChalkStorm,basically System Shock 3
,Recommended,480490,31849636,Posted: 19 May,all,year199X,They made System Shock 3 and called it Prey.
,Recommended,480490,31569888,Posted: 5 May,all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/Q-WU_tLwmukTL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!Prey is a sci-fi RPG adventure that has both action and stealth elements. This version of Prey is made by a different company than the 2006 version of Prey, and while it has the same name, there isn’t a whole lot else they have in common.2017’s Prey takes place on a large space station where you are part of an experiment. You have no prior memories, but you have different sources each trying to influence your actions. What you choose to do does have some influence the outcome of the story.The gameplay has lots of combat, and plenty of sneaking around and exploring. Space walking in zero gravity is pretty neat, and it’s great that there are so many alternate routes for getting to your destination. I must admit though, I am a bit disappointed that there are no portals, no gravity walls,  and no spirit walking; as those were features that made the old Prey so memorable.The combat is fine; there’s a decent variety of weapons and special abilities to use. The special abilities that you copy from the aliens are more fun to use, but they also cost PSY energy to cast, so you can’t just spam them. As for regular gun ammo - it can take a several bullets to kill some enemy types, even with upgraded weapons.  I also wish that the wrench for melee attacks had upgrades since I ran low on ammo quite often, and had to resort to melee damage or just running away to try and hide.The world evolves as the game progresses, but even then, as you near the end and you’ve already explored, you might just want to run by the enemies to the next loading area. Just be careful if you do because the enemies might be waiting at that door when you come back through it.The crafting system is fine, and it encourages you to explore thoroughly and scavenge almost anything you can find. First you have to recycle the items to break them down into their base materials, and then you use those 4 resources to craft new items. All recipes are learned once you find them somewhere. The crafting can only be done at fabrication stations, so it was inconvenient at times where there was no station nearby. I looted everything I possibly could, but I had a full inventory quite often. So I started to run into problems where I couldn’t craft more ammo, which was somewhat frustrating. I would have liked to have tried more of these special abilities, but there’s no way to respec the points once you spend them.Pros:the story is interesting, and you’ll probably want to find as much of the lore as you cangood crafting systemgood exploration as you read documents, and listen to audio logsthe game looks great; the environments are visually appealing, the character animation is decent, and the enemies are awesome, especially the mimics (the fact that nearly any object might be an enemy may make you a bit paranoid of your surroundings)the sound effects are done well, and the voice acting is good for the most partthe music is decent as well, and it helped to create more tension while playingthe performance is excellentthe controls are fully customizable, and there is full controller support (the controls in zero gravity didn’t take too long to get used to)Cons:the stealth gameplay is a bit underwhelming, and the stealth is usually just you crouching out of site - need more stealth abilities (i.e. an actual stealth ability or longer range teleport)progression wise, it feels a little slow to get skill points and it feels like you don't have enough points to spend (things like lifting heavy objects, increased inventory space, and hacking way take too many skill points after the first rank)some enemies take a lot of ammo or PSY power to kill (i.e. it's kind of annoying to have to shotgun spam something point blank for it to die(nitpick) there is also a fair amount of backtracking through the space station as you complete the side quests and the main campaign(nitpick) there are sometimes issues where more than one voice is talking at the same time, and you can’t tell what either of them are saying(nitpick) full inventory can be irritatingThe game took me about 11 hours to finish the main story with some of the side quests, but it would easily be longer if I completed all of the side objectives. There is replay value in that you might want to try a whole different skill set or try making opposite choices to see how much of an impact it has on the overall outcome of the story.Conclusion:Ultimately, I think this new version of Prey is alright. There were some features I liked about the game that were implemented extremely well, but then there were other things that I thought could have been done better. All in all though, there’s plenty to do in Prey; it’s not a bad pick-up for those who are interested in a lesser version of Dishonored that happens to take place in space… Perhaps at a sale price though.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Recommended,480490,33142543,Posted: 2 July,all,Lonesock,"I just beat the game over two weekends. Flaws aside, I will probably play this game again, and I recommend to buy, certainly when it's on sale.Midway through playing I realized I was playing a 3D Metroid game with AAA tropes thrown on top. Like Metroid, you have distinct areas of the station, complete with map rooms (security stations), recharging (med bay and science), and secret rooms. You also are dealing with an alien organism, and discovering lore about it (Typhon, like Phazon and X in Metroid).Obviously Metroid is a classic series, so Prey should be judged by what it adds to a well-known formula.The top-notch graphics, zero-gravity exploration, unique ""tech"" weapons, and some hilarious neuromod abilities are all very enjoyable, and I think progress the FPS/RPG genre. I appreciate that Prey really tried to do something new. The story was enjoyable, and even though I spoiled it for myself on wikipedia, the conclusion(s) was satisfying. And of course the beginning was memorable: watching gameplay of the prologue on youtube was what convinced me to buy the game.The one thing that stood out to me that this game does worse than Metroid, REALLY WORSE, is the difficulty of the enemies. Some of the enemies are awful to fight, until you get certain abilities and weapons, and then nothing is threatening. I would say the difficulty curve for this game is perfect in the beginning, peaks in the middle, and is super low on the ends. I would recommend to play on normal or lower: there are no achievements based on difficulty, but there are plenty of cheap deaths you didn't see coming regardless. This is mitigated by the ability to have multiple quicksaves and saves.I am ambivalent on the achievements. To get all of them you will have to do multiple playthroughs. I played very casually though, so I am sure there are ways to abuse the save/AI/crafting system to make this easier. I will probably do another run, but maybe not the 2 or 3 needed to get everything.In conclusion, I feel like Prey is more than it's metacritic rating. There are so many 2D clones of ""metroidvania"" on Steam: Axiom Verge, Guacamelee, Hollow Knight, Owlboy, etc. I have most of these, and like them a lot. But Prey shows that the genre is not limited to this. It does have flaws, and some notable launch issues that are irrelevant now, but I'm glad I played it. It's too bad that Prey is considered a bomb and the guy in charge left Arkane due to the stress of making it. Good job Raphael!"
,Recommended,480490,31608746,Posted: 7 May,all,♡❤ Rachel  Rose {TIffANY},"Good fun game, Pretty good graphics, intresting gameplay and awesome complex story.So far I've played this game  near about 9 hours and I've enjoyed every single minute I've played. It's highly fun, and a game that for once actually got looting done right. A game that rewards you for exploration and looting and actually encourage it. The game is very good optimized and play's extremely smooth.Music: 10/10graphics: 10/10control system: 10/10tool kit + ammo capacity system: 8/10overall: 10/10"
,Recommended,480490,31563576,Posted: 5 May,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"I have to say that i am very impressed with this game, without spoiling much I think any FPS fan of games like HL, FEAR, or even the newer Deus Ex's will find a lot to like in this game. The perks are really reminiscent of the of the latter but the sound, one of my favorite aspects of this game, really reminds me of the former. For what its worth, the variations in the perk system alone are enough to have me thinking that the Deus Ex Mankind divided team could have learned something from these guys. I was never a huge fan of Dishonored 2's art style but am happy to say that the Cry engine really pulls though here and give off an entirely different feel. That being said, this is not recognizable sequel to the previous Prey installations. The first two hours throw some very heavy, mind bending/reality checking things at you that may require another run to fully appreciate. Much like the first Prey, the emphasis is on forcing you to feel from the perspective of the character straight from the opening cinematic, which will give you varying feeling of daja vu depending on how far into the first hour your are. While the intro had me worried we were going down a very familiar path, the immediate left and right turns you make after fully erased any of those feelings. There are little chunks of great FPS games from the half-life-like sound of the test area malfunctioning, to the FEAR like weightiness of the preorder shotgun you get in your office; it all feels very well put together and best of all well balanced.This game has nothing in common with the 2006 Prey game, but it is still pretty enjoyable. It has great graphics, nice blend of horror and action, and some good RPG elements. The game is a joy to play. It's very impressive that it managed to grab me this much under only one hour and since then nothing has changed, the game just keeps me amazed constantly.+Graphics Options+Unlike many big-budget games on PC, Prey has a rather slim collection of graphic settings. The seven options cover the core areas - shadows, textures, anti-aliasing, and anisotropic filtering -  as well as more advanced tech like screen space directional occlusion and screen space reflections.+In Game Enemy+Speaking of the enemys, prepare to start doubting every damn item your looking to pick up. The name Mimic goes very far here. I wont go too far into this short review but long story short, using the GLOO gun and THEN the wrench makes it a much more effective combo since your effectively dealing with black GACK.Is this Game FPS beginer friendly(my thought)I find myself walking around hitting chairs and trashcans cause i never know when i will dicked on by an alien who is cloacking. Ammo is really hard to find and without ammo a wrench aint much use against the phantoms. I like the whole consept of the game, it looks and runs well, but i find it to be very little noob friendly, But since this is a challenging game, i still enjoy it for the story.-PROS-+Weapon Design(you have completely unique weapons such as the gloo gun, and your run of the mill shotgun)+Enemies(the mimics are great and add alot of paranoia to the game, AND HEY MIMIC IN THIS GAME IS SIMILAR TO HL2 Head Crab)+Area Design(More Like Alien Isolation With Bioshock 1 having a baby that makes it so unique and special.)+The Skill tree/Leveling up.(not like a generic skill tree where you get minor buffs and you feel a little bit stronger, but it feels more like Deus ex where you will never be able to do certain things and get to specific areas or get/craft certain items if you don't upgrade a certain skill)+Strong Story+Runs very well-CONS--Bad Texture(your main characters and NPC looks weird even though it's not that huge of a problem)-Pop In when loading Texture ( when you're walking into a room and see a plant pop in or disappear when you get far enough  also when you're walking to a door with wording on it and it takes 10-20 seconds to fully load in the texture.- horrible checkpoint system(getting a key item will some times save the game when in my opinion, it should always save after you get a key item, you need to quick save often in this game.)-long loading sceens (takes about 15-25 seconds to load)-A copy of HL from the start(do not treat this serious, it is my own joke)My ConclusionPrey is the best performing triple-A game I’ve played for many months. It’s incredibly rare to be able to boot up a game at maximum settings and get consistent reports of 100+ fps when using mid-tier hardware. This seriously is one of the FPS games I have played in many years, reminds me of Half Life and System Shock and original Deus Ex .(Half Life+Systemshock and you have this baby PREY)Verdict 8.5/10 Is it WORTH the money, YES"
,Recommended,480490,33977394,Posted: 2 August,all,-Dresden-,"Basically it's a modern System Shock, but without an insane AI. It has a few good plot twists as well, which I won't spoil. Space walking is a great addition and is genuinely terrifying since you're very vulnerable floating around in zero-g. Grab it if you're a fan of System Shock, Bioshock, Deus Ex, Dishonored, etc."
76561198154265546,Recommended,480490,33258957,Posted: 4 July,all,Firmamento(c'est la vie),"Oh finally...I finished the game.I started the game in normal difficulty and, man, game was hard. Limit ammo, limit psi, limit patience. The worst part was the silence and the desparate feeling of being locked up in a tiny box far away from earth with nobody by my side (fat man does not count).Prey is absolutly recommended, somehow this is not the game for me. I love games with passion, games that are emotional but this one...sort of lacks...noice.Updated 7/7/2017I take back my saying that this game is not ""emotional"" cuz' you got lives in your hands, comerade. I skipped lots of optional objectives in my 1st playthrough, leading to the feeling of a shallow story. Optional objectives really contribute a lot to your experience in Talos I and it moves me when people who were begging for their lives found out that they can't survive, they'll ask you to finish your job properly, ""to give them hell"". Justice shall not die. In the last minute of their lives, they were not thinking about their family or their dreams, instead they put their hope on you. Aren't you burdened ?+ Awesome story+ You will be ""Devastating handsome"" as Morgan Yu+ Flipping cups- Hard achievements- There's a fat man"
76561198029126609,Recommended,480490,31638242,Posted: 8 May,all,Padishah,"The System Shock sequel we have been waiting for!Prey is a game that doesnt come around often and when it does you owe it to yourself to check it out. Granted its not for everyone as its a difficult game that requires thinking and creativity.Incredibly deep and engaging mechanics with a wonderful mind-♥♥♥♥y story. Challenging gameplay with massive open level design. It doesn't innovate much, but it does what it does really well.If you enjoyed System shock 2, Deus ex games, Half life or Dishonored then you are garunteed to love this.10/10 one of the BEST games I have played in years. My GOTY so far for 2017, cant wait to give it another go sometime soon and try out the DLC."
,Recommended,480490,33746254,Posted: 23 July,all,[EUG] MadMat,"Perfect mix of atmosphere between 'Half-Life', 'Bioshock' & 'System Shock', with over 30 hours of gameplay to complete it.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,480490,33493126,Posted: 12 July,all,♫TGC> The Games Collector,"So the engineer asks me why I'm carrying all these weapons around.I say ""mimics"".The engineer pulls a face, the captain sighs, the chair laughs, everyone starts shooting the chair...-It's a nice scifi thriller game, maybe a bit steep in price...There's a reasonable freedom to explore around. And you can make shortcuts with the gloo-gun. Also stop fires, and electricity, oh, aliens too for a bit, and even fill up a few tears in the hull. That stuff is amazing!Also; you can step out of the airlock and float around in space a bit. Which is just awesome (if it wasn't for a bunch of aliens floating about as well). And weapons are nicely dampened when firing them out there, a nice detail someone didn't forget.Speaking of nice details; another one is that some enemies can actually panic. Which is great. Mimics obviously scutter off and shapeshift. But even phantoms try to run and hide sometimes."
76561198100191168,Not Recommended,480490,32160201,Posted: 3 June,all,RichardHerwig,"Okay, I don't want to be the devil's advocate on this game, but I'm gonna do so. I wish I could give it a neutral rating. Very strong start, with a decent level of challenge and a great story, but then the constraint of resources, overpowered enemies like the telepaths, and excessive backtracking kicked in.  I'm sure most of the replies will  insist I simply ""git gud"" or something similar, but I'm with the significant number of people (Google ""Prey is too difficult"") who felt the game's enemies are unbalanced. But that's not the only issue.Now, if powerful enemies were the only issue or done by design to force us to use stealth or tactical avoidance/retreat, I could accept that...even though the game bills itself as a first-person shooter. The stealth mechanics, however, don't offer much in the way of actually avoiding things, and then you are channeled into a very specific playstyle--- there's no ""run and gun"" or ""sniper/assassin"" options, just either trying multiple alternate routes (crouched and moving slowly unless you take a specific series of neuromods so you can walk/run ""stealthed"")  to get around things or trying to isolate one enemy at a time. Both those options are tedious, and let's be honest, not that fun.The next issue is simple resource management. There's simply a lack of materials to make enough bullets and other ammo (yes, I recycled everything including spare food and took neuromods to maximize what I could get). Note that this isn't ALL materials, just the inorganic material you need to actually make ammo. If I had been able to transform one into another with more ease this could have perhaps remedied the issue. Still, the play style you're forced into is much more roguelike or survival horror than your typical FPS. And that fact reduces replayability or your ability to explore if you're a completionist, unless you're willing to endure tedious backtracking across the entire station. Note that there's similiar constraints around health/armor and your psi, as none of these recover naturally over time without the use of other limited resources. Once again, you're not going to simply run around using your psi abilities like some technomage, as your psi pool can only support 1-3 uses of most attack powers early on before you'ree using a resource to replenish.My final issue with the game was the lack of variation in the weapons and environments, though it's a minor quibble compared to feeling constrained to very limited playstyles by the resource issues and the overpowered opposition. The ""melee, pistol, shotgun, crowd control, and energy weapon, plus some grenades"" and some ""techmage powers IF you have enough neuromods to take them and want to give up the other regular skills"" are just generic and fairly boring, with no real modding or variants. There was some variation in environments--and they are beautiful---but the backbone  support areas/crawlspaces are very similar and look, and the repetitive backtracking  only exacerbates the problems.In conclusion, great characters, great quests, and interesting concepts, pretty but repetitive environments and generic weapons and somewhat generic skill lines...but it totally feels like they took an 8 out of 10 game and made it into a 5 out of 10 by trying to lengthen the game via excessive backtracking, overpowered enemies, and too-tightly constrained resource management. Really, the end result is that you the player will have less fun overall and be fairly constrained on your playstyle.If you doubt that's the case, simply refer to all the ""Git Gud"" haters who will all offer you the EXACT same advice, carbon copying each other in Reddit or other (Steam) forums with the playstyle YOU must follow and the list of neuromods YOU must take. I don't think they see the irony in their groupthink or in their masochistic love of ""difficulty"" like it proves their manhood. No offense to the 50% plus of people who gave it positive reviews or those who found the game easy, as i agree that there's a lot here to like. Those last comments are just directed to the smug ""Git Gud"" Knownothings who can't fathom that some people like to have a different playstyle or who actual just want ot have a modeerately challenge and a good time.Note most of my concerns could be fixed with upcoming patches, so I'll update if anything changes.Solid 5 out of 10 as things stand."
76561198062358713,Recommended,480490,31618074,Posted: 7 May,all,Crazyon,10/10 Would run into a room again with my eyes closed waiting for the mimics to surprise me only to appear when I think im safe.Also never thought furniture could be so ♥♥♥♥ing scary.110/10 Wait....Where'd that 1 come from....?
76561198007178187,Recommended,480490,34277613,Posted: 16 August,all,Hagimemnon,"I have literally played hundreds of games over the last 35 years and I would put this in my top 5 games of all time. It looks good and runs well, without endless, pointless cut scenes, which seems to be the way we must play games in the age of consoles... dropping into a rant again....It can be tough to play at times, but no game critical objectives are play style specific, meaning you can play your way to the end. It may just be that you needed to have higher hacking ability or strength mod perhaps. There is almost always an alternative approach...The recycling and fabrication elements help you play your way, far more than ammo restock points do in most games. Some of the non lethal weapons can be fun to use as well as a sneaky alternative to a problem.I have now completed the game on normal and am going to replay on hard...wish me luck..."
76561198039386132,Recommended,480490,34520669,Posted: 26 August,all,[bluestreak] ejjp,"You start out weak with nothing but a wrench as a weapon, to fight off these shapeshifting spider-like things that have taken over a space station. Reminds me of bio shock or maybe HalfLife. So far, I find it interesting and although I only have one achievement, the game has kept my interest.That said, there have been some glitches with game load andsave after Nvidia released a GeForce update, but thankfully that's now fixed."
,Recommended,480490,31559698,Posted: 5 May,all,programmedgamer,"I was hesistant to purchase Prey, but I had faith that Arkane learned from Dishonored 2's awful performance.I was right.Running maxed out at 60 fps is so delicious. The gameplay is very cautious but intense and the ability to craft ammo and other items is well thought out. Mimics, somewhat cheesy as they give you constant jump scares, are a unique approach to horror as they transform into other objects. This keeps you on edge as you smash every object with the wrench.I recommend this to anyone a fan of sci-fi horror or the Bioshock series."
,Recommended,480490,31578411,Posted: 6 May,all,Ggdograa,"Prey is about as good as a System Shock/Bioshock successor is going to get, though it can often be crushingly difficult and unfair to the player. This is not a game you play and forget, it requires patience, multiple playthroughs and thinking intelligently.It's also one of the more solid PC ports we've ever seen for a Triple A game, so there's that going for it as well.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FwzKboA81o8"
76561198046973166,Not Recommended,480490,31568825,Posted: 5 May,all,Dillinger Radio,"Quick View:Pros:Good lookingSide quests are engaging and interestingStation is a well made environmentWeapons are creative and interestingLots to do means you'll get your money's worth with in-game time.Cons:Main quest is poorly pacedCombat in this game is not just frustrating, it's obnoxious and terribleFrustrating control schemesInconsistent UINot an FPS as advertisedSneaking isn't that effectiveSound design is poor.Recommended:Yes and no. If you have the money to burn and don't care, grab it. For the rest of us, I'd recommend waiting a little while to see how the patches alter gameplay. Right now, the mechanics of gameplay make for a more frustrating than enjoyable time.Long ThoughtsCons:The main quest is slow, real slow. While the station map opens up relatively early on, many of the areas are skill or enemy gated. This means you'll be spending a lot of time exploring and trying to find Neuromods to improve your survivability. Obviously everyone will approach it differently, but I found that the periods between events of the main story were protracted and tedious.While this sort of grinding wouldn't normally be that bad in an FPS, Prey is actually a survival-horror game, not an FPS. That means you're not going to be finding a lot of ammo. It also means the weapons (even when fully upgraded) do hardly any damage. Which is all the more frustrating because the weapons are really neat. Your go to weapon to start with (and throughout most of the game, as I've discovered), will be a wrench. Again, it's not necessarily terrible to be limited to a melee weapon, except that the wrench requires stamina to swing. I hear you saying ""So what? That's ok, nothing wrong with managing stamina."" I might have agreed, except virtually all the enemies can teleport and/or move exceptionally fast, meaning you'll be missing a lot (oh and sprinting and several other things also cause you to lose stamina). The enemies also do exceptionally high damage. The ones that don't teleport do even more damage. Combat in this game is so heavily lopsided that handicapping the player with no ammunition and weapons that barely make a dent really seems like a very poor decision, but here we are. Furthermore, enemies don't give you experience. In order to gain new skills you locate items called Neuromods. This fact makes fighting redundant (unless you're trying to collect materials), which makes it all the more awful because you're consistently forced to fight your way through areas.""But wait,"" I hear you saying, ""you can just sneak by!"" No, you can't. Sneaking in this game only serves to reduce the rate at which the enemies discover you. Despite maxed out skills in sneaking, enemies still managed to spot me from a mile away, regardless of what I was doing. Enemy super-sight conflicts with the use of the ""Psychoscope"" item, which requires you sit there and observe a live enemy for a period of time in order to gain information and new neuromod skills. While stealth may allow you to sit a little longer, you'll never be the invisible space ninja you always wanted to be. The only time you won't be seen is if you can't see them.To put it bluntly: combat in this game is some of the worst I've experienced in a long, long time.The controls of the game are another aspect that elicits a weird mixture of curiosity and frustration. Being advertised as an FPS you'd expect right click might bring up sights, it doesn't. Instead right-click is bound to both ""back"" and ""activate psi powers"". This lead to me activating my psi abilities at every inopportune time possible, wasting precious psi resources. This was compounded by the confusing and context based UI's (such as interacting with a keypad) which sometimes required a right-click to back away from, and sometimes didn't, leading to yet another psi waste. Combine these weird controls with a UI which demands you use the keyboard to navigate (for some parts, but not for others, neither of which is clearly demarcated) and you wind up with an inconsistent, frustrating experience for an otherwise decent inventory menu.This is not an FPS as advertised, it's a survival horror. Limited ammo, resource collection, ineffective weapons. That wouldn't be a bad thing if they had marketed it as such, but it's pretty disappointing when going in fresh because it completely wrecks player expectation in a manner that feels deceitful.This game has some cool sound effects. It also has a really neat way of showing off those sound effects: by using wildly fluctuating volumes. One minute, you're listening to someone speak to you at low volume, the next a shrieking audio effect blasts through your speakers or heaphones, doing its best to insure some temporary deafness. The same thing happens with the music and all the other audio. This game has no idea how loud or quiet it wants to be, and it uses the varying volumes to extremely poor effect. Add on top of that the fact that you'll often hear pacing or tempo music (the kind used to indicate an enemy engagement, for example) even though you might be sitting in your office going over logs on the computer with nothing else happening.Pros:This game's pretty good looking, thank goodness. Bethesda has a history of half-assing the visuals of games they make/publish (looking at you Fallout). Anyways, that's neither here-nor-there but it was a genuine concern of mine that I'm happy to say Arkane has assuaged. You don't get a ton of customization options though. That said, the game looks good on its top settings and runs well.There are many sidequests. Sidequests in this game come in the form of interactions with other characters, robots/items and through security terminals. I won't say much to spoil it, but there's plenty to do and the sidequests I've done have been fleshed out with interesting and engaging bits of lore and history that really helped to round out the whole ""What's happening on Talos and why"" story. They're a worthwhile pursuit that I found more interesting than the main story (primarily due to pacing) at many points.The station is a gorgeous map. It's a unique environment, and because you're literally on a space station it's inherently more intimate. Although there are grand sweeping areas with plenty of room, you'll frequently find yourself floating down cramped, creepy corridors and hunting through various labs. Occasionally, you'll be taking a space walk, as the main method of 'fast travel' in this game involves actually leaving the station, space-walking to another airlock, and entering from there. This travel method is gated-off by requiring the player to first unlock the airlock from the inside, ensuring players won't be able to skidaddle over to parts they haven't otherwise previously accessed.Weapons are creative, fun to use and interestingly designed. They can all be upgraded, but the system for it wastes inventory space and doesn't feel like it contributes much (except for reload rates, those are real noticeable). Still, the weapons themselves are very neat, wonderful to look at, and feel good and beefy (even if the damage output is actually fairly poor).If you do buy this, I'd say in game time will be sufficient to warrant the money invested. But you'll be facing alot more cons at the moment than pros. I'd wait until they have some time to patch things up and - hopefully - change a few mechanics. To clarify here, if even just a few of these issues gets addressed, this is an extremely easy recommendation. Even right now, part of me wants to say ""Yes, you should grab this."", but the more prudent part of me says ""Give it some time.""So, I'm split - it is equally as hard to give this a thumbs down as it is a thumbs up. The shining moments I've experienced so far just feel like they fall short of all the unnecessary hurdles experienced at every turn."
76561198042538202,Recommended,480490,31618750,Posted: 7 May,all,Heisenpug,"Prey is like Bioshock, System Shock, and Dishonored had a gorgeous 3-way baby.Pros- The sound effects are beautifully made, and they aid in the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of your pants when a mimic comes out of nowhere.- The way your character is controlled is just like or very similar to Dishonored.- Amazing Inventory UI- Recycling and Fabricating system is actually pretty sweet.- Character design is literally the same as Dishonored (gotta love those giant hands and scarred faces).- You get to play in constant fear of wondering whether or not that chair was there the first time.- This game actually makes me scream like a little girl sometimes.- Combat is rather difficult, even on Normal difficulty.- Biggest ♥♥♥♥ing plot twist in history.- You can kill literally anybody and still finish the game.- Runs like a dream- Meeting apoltergeistfor the first time was absolutely terrifying.Cons- There are too few enemy types, and most of them are just a variant of the same thing.- Not a huge fan of the way powers are aimed and used.- Combat is quite repetetive with phantoms, and gets rather annoying when they teleport 5 billion miles away.- Quest markers are obnoxious at times.I enter a large room with 2 floors. Suddenly,♥♥♥♥♥♥starts flying all over the room, I pull down my psychoscope. It's not mimics. I run to a corner of the room so as not to be surprised.♥♥♥♥♥♥is still flying all over the place. I run to the staircase, and I see something move underneath the stairs, but when I go check, nothing is there. Suddenly, I fly directly up into the air and hit my head on the ceiling and die. I load a save. Some black little ♥♥♥♥♥ appears and throws a chair at me and I die. What kind of monster is this? Finally, I manage to GLOO the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and scan him. I then proceed to whack him to death with a wrench. I leave the room and a 40 foot alien is hunting me and kills me.8/8 recommend"
,Recommended,480490,31556078,Posted: 5 May,all,(=VvV=)Joker,I can never trust my coffee mugs again.
,Not Recommended,480490,31596542,Posted: 6 May,all,TrumpKingsly,"Prey is basically fun. But, its mechanics require bare minimum brainpower without allowing for creativity. And, its story almost says an interesting thing, but instead it says three mostly familiar things half-heartedly.MechanicsIt's Bioshock. It's Human Revolution. It's Outlast. It's Prop Hunt. And it's nothing new.This means you have both weapons and powers. Weapons and powers can be used synergistically. You have an inventory, management of which will demand a lot of your time. There's a big nasty thing that is best beaten by running and hiding. And you'll be smacking a lot of coffee cups and chairs with your wrench.However, it doesn't exactly live up to the memories these references evoke.Bioshock used weapons and plasmids to solve enemy-related problems creatively (not very creatively, but at least moreso than Prey does). Lightning bolt is cool, right? What if I shoot it at a puddle in which a bunch of enemies are standing? Nice. Prey offers you no opportunities for such thinking. Most of your psi abilities are simply projectiles with different elemental properties. So, combat with them just means scanning an enemy to learn its weaknesses, using the psi ability that corresponds to stun it, then using a weapon to finish it off. No intellectual reward to be had in this game's combat.Like Bioshock, though, Prey makes you collect and use hypos in order to replenish your powers resource. That is still just as much of a bummer here as it was in Bioshock. It goes a step further, though, and adds a cooldown timer to each power. So it's constricting as well. You're cautious to conserve hypos, but you also couldn't spam your powers even if you wanted to do so.Human Revolution's inventory and upgrade systems are mostly intact, here. However, Prey makes you manage crafting resources with it. Crafting resources yield four types of materials. And would you know it? Three of those materials are all over the goddamned place, while the fourth is not only scarce, but it's also the resource most demanded by the gear you'll be crafting. Your abundance of the other three won't matter, because you'll be gated constantly by the fourth.This game also has a Chris Walker (Outlast). He shows up every now and then. He's vastly your superior, so your safest option is to hide for 2.5 minutes until he goes away. But, you can kill him if you want (he'll still come back later). However, he's a less fun version of Chris Walker. He can end your quests early by killing NPCs after he shows up. The game announces his presence before you see him, so there's never any dread while you anticipate him. You can break him by using a grav lift and power spamming him over a railing, because he can't use grav lifts. And if you're on the same level as he is, he's super fast and can one-shot you. So fleeing isn't an option. There's no tension. There's see the quest prompt light up, then crawl into the nearest corner and put your controller down for 2.5 minutes.The Prop Hunt influence is the one kept the most intact. Coffee cups becoming head crabs doesn't get old, and scanning every room for items that look out of place can feel rewarding when you see through a disguise. However, you get a scope mod early on that simply tells you when an item is a mimic when you look at it. So, I guess you can tell that part of the game to go ♥♥♥♥ itself if you want.Storytelling and NarrativeIf there's one thing Prey does better than Dishonored 2, it's using a silent protagonist. This means your character won't Lara Croft your way through mission objectives nor plot points. You get to think through them, yourself. That's nice, even if there's barely any puzzling in this game, anyway. Narratively or mechanically.Like Dishonored, however, the game overvalues its own lore. Rather than focus on building what world it can with the player's experience, it litters its environments with books whose texts players can read for way more lore than they need. As it went with Dishonored, the lore showered in this fashion doesn't do anything to help the story the game is telling. Functionally, this distracted me from the core story being told, and yet I read through most of them just in case one were to reveal something pertinent (like the notes in Outlast 2 did).If you can focus on the core story, you might find it frustrating that it tries to move in at least three directions at once. The first is your base-standard sci-fi horror about research without oversight. You already know how that story turns out. The more implications you can see before committing to research, the safer the outcome of that research is likely to be. On to the next one.The second one is rooted in a theme that pervades most of the game until the ending. It's about the definition of the self. Is your self inherent? Is it constant? Really cool questions if the conclusion addressed them.The third one is barely sprinkled throughout the main game and then is the exclusive subject of the ending. Empathy is a valuable human trait, and we shouldn't take it for granted. Fascinating, huh?Thus ends a would-be sci fi thought expriment turned into a cautionary children's tale.ConclusionPrey is nothing you haven't seen before. Therefore, you can skip this one if you want. But the mimics make it pretty fun, and it definitely runs the way it should. So, if you're just in the gaming spirit, then maybe you'll want to give this one a shot."
,Recommended,480490,31579353,Posted: 6 May,all,Charred,If you liked the original System Shock Series or the Bioshock series you will love this game.   It is their spiritual successor.
,Recommended,480490,31549060,Posted: 4 May,all,Anvil,"OMG!Security!Security!This game is darn amazing!Well,this game may not be the best choice for everyone but for me it definitly worth a 10/10.This game is taking me back to the old days when we are not always connected to the world , back then every game is a journey with misteries.We explore we think we solve the problem and we gain the reward.And this game is soooo full of freedom, there is no question with only one correct answer in this game, expand ur brain and free ur mind.This is my type of game,I'm in love with it.10/10 10/10 10/10 10/10 10/10 10/10 10/10 10/10 10/10 10/10Love it.Well done Arkane."
76561198152714598,Recommended,480490,31665491,Posted: 10 May,all,hyperbolic snowflakes,"i really am having a blast with this game, so much freedom to play around with and so on.it seems to be an excellent mixture of a few games like dishonoured and bioshock.....only better.no optimization issues either, runs like a charm"
,Recommended,480490,31559703,Posted: 5 May,all,Fulltimespy,If the coffee isn't trying to kill you.You need another cup!
,Recommended,480490,31592762,Posted: 6 May,all,potatis_,"I'm about 3 hours into the game and so far, it has been a blast.If you are a big fan of FPS exploration/rpg games like Bioshock and creepy outer space settings like Dead Space, you are gonna absolutely love this one.It also runs like a charm. Almost everything maxed out and it runs over constant 60 fps with little to no framedrops.Only problem I have with the game is that you are not able to change the FoV in the settings menu and you have to change it in the .ini files.Arkane Studios has stated though that they are gonna patch in an FoV slider after they fix the issues with the current FoV .ini settingsSource:http://steamcommunity.com/games/480490/announcements/detail/1289563500282618757Other than that, pretty damn solid game and my €60 has been worth it so far."
,Recommended,480490,32655467,Posted: 22 June,all,RogueRAZR,"Prey is an awesome and innovative new title from Bethesda. Truly a must have.I'll start with the few things that bothered me at first. Starting with the engine, Pray was built on the same engine as Doom. It shows as the graphics and sounds are a little lack luster in my opinion. The engine plays very smooth and fluid but it's definitely suited more for consoles than the PC. The default controls we're a little odd to get used to at first. The story was a little predictable however very well done.These issues are very minor in comparison to what makes this title so great though. First, I want to talk about mechanics. This game has some similar abilities to Bioshock, however they are a lot more customizable and some of them are really cool. These features and abilities allow you to really play the game how you want to, and none of the abilities really felt lack luster. The difficulty of the game is well rounded and provided me a good challenge. The weapons in the game are all pretty diverse and unique. There are really endless options to playing the game. As for the story, your decisions during the game influence what kind of ending you get. Although some of these decisions can make the ending a bit predictable. The ending which I feel like was supposed to be a grand epic plot twist was covered up a little because of how you are lead up to it and some  characters/decisions you make can really spoil it for you. However it's still a great story, great ending, and it really builds suspense for a potential expansion/sequal.Overall, the story took me 28 hours to complete which is a great amount of content. The game also offers a few unique achievements, and has a few special modes for replay ability.I'd definitely recommend picking this up. It's worth the full price."
76561198273970388,Recommended,480490,34318952,Posted: 17 August,all,cmfox,"I have enjoyed this game. As the first single player game that I have gotten ever with my own money, it was worth it. I love that You have the opportunity to choise how You play the game, how to attack the different chalenges that crop up, and the openess of your enviroment allows for the maximum usage of your weapons, skills and abillitys, no matter if you are a PC Newb or 10+ year vet. Just started a second game, and knowing the enviorment helps me out in that I can do things faster, smarter, and allows me to find hidden spots that I messed in my first game. The closest thing to the Matrix that I have found in real life."
,Recommended,480490,33174656,Posted: 3 July,all,FoyaBeninax,Good game! Very fun to play and a lot of unexpected events. The story is cool too. I rarely play sci-fi games but this one I enjoy very much.
76561198059110893,Recommended,480490,34130302,Posted: 9 August,all,ParagonSuperNova,"My Personal Review For PREY.The Game is absolutely beautiful running on the CryEngine. The game sucked me in with it's Compelling Creepy Sci-Fi Atmosphere. I'm a sucker for interesting Atmospheric Games which is why The TALOS 1 Space Station is what I like to call the star of the show I've had a blast exploring every location in the game. Creating an interesting Atmospheric World is Extremely important it can immerse the player, encourage exploration, and overall makes your game memoriable thats why I will never forget TALOS 1 because it was just as memoriable as Rapture ot me. The Combat wasn't the best in a First Person Game which is why I highly advice any new players to use Mouse & Keyboard over a controller granted I've completed this game from start to finish with a controller. I'm happy that this game gives the players freedom on how to play the game if you want to use a specific playstyle such as stealth similar to Dishonored or reek havoc on your enemies with your Typhon Abilities. Also I love the fact this game has so much to explore and so many different ways to access each location allowing you complete freedom of exploration, you'd be surprised in what you can find and the many different ways you can maneuver around each level this game truly rewards exploration. The combat is far from perfect but at the very least it has a respectable amount of weapons, grenades, tools & typhon abilities at your disposal this game won't allow you to pick up too many resource cause it expects you to craft them yourself adds to the challenging experience I found myself in so many tense moments completely doubting my chances of survival. It is hard to find some Materials balancing what it allows you to craft encouraging you to save supplies. Crafting feels so rewarding because it is very important to the game. (Without giving any Spoilers). The Narrative wasn't satisfying at all it didn't have an interesting Beginning or Middle that being said the only thing to lookforward to was the Ending and it was Massive unfortune Dissapointment. The Game has two Endings I've played through both endings (Thanks To Quick Saving). It was pointless having multiple endings cause only one of them is True how are you going to have multiple endings and just have them be carbon copies with only one of them being the legit ending.Pros:- Allows Player Choice in Play Style.- Encourages & Rewards Exploration.- Very Atmospheric. (TALOS 1 is F@#KING AMAZING!)- An Arsenal of Weapons & Typhon Abilities.- Crafting Feels Rewarding.- Challenging.- Good PC Port.Cons:- Narrative wasn't very compelling.- The Ending was a Disappointment.My Overall Score 7/10"
,Recommended,480490,31549427,Posted: 4 May,all,laddins,"Is it scary? Yes, especially the atmosphere contributes to it. And the goddamn chairs and coffee mugs which attacks you.. sometimes.Is it good looking? The game has great curves, super sexy.Is the combat good? Also a yes, no questioning here.Wanted to keep the review short. If you like to get paranoid and even loose the trust in a coffee mug, this game is perfect."
,Recommended,480490,33164101,Posted: 2 July,all,Travis,"The spiritual successor to System Shock I've been waiting for. Atmospheric & immersive with no hand holding like the Bioshock series.60FPS dropping into the low 50s during a lot of action, running on an i7-4770 & 980GTX with max settings 2560x1440.Great story telling & world building."
,Recommended,480490,33153765,Posted: 2 July,all,WHAM,"When I first heard about the new Prey, how it wasn't related to the old game and just reused the name, I was worried.Then I heard Arcane was working on it, and knowing the Dishonered games, I saw hope.Then I heard all sorts of hype and got confused, since some people praised the game and other hated it.Now, having just stayed up way too late to beat it, I know how it all turned out.Prey is a damn excellent game!I was so sure no game could stun me with visuals, but Prey did, right from the start and all the way through it's course. There are no misguided attempts at hyperrealism here, but a highly stylized and detailed and believable environment and cast of characters that just feels so very right to interact with.Levels are designed not only to feel like real, liveable locations, but also to have tons of interesting ways to explore, play and fight. So many environmental variables, gadgets, abilities. It blows my mind how much content Arcane managed to stuff into this game.The sound design is excellent, ambient noises serve well to boost the atmosphere, musical stings highlight key moments and transitions. Voice acting is top notch, although for some reason I had issues with characters occasionally talking over one another (once during a cutscene), as well as some issues with character volume, which seemed to stay too high despite my attempts to lower it.Storywise: I am a huge sci-fi nerd, as well as a fan of the idea of alternate history. This game strikes both of those chords, adding in a ton of excellent characters who's stories are told through emails, audiologs and environmental details. Sound familiar? It's System Shock 2.In fact, let me drop some names onto you here:System Shock 2BioshockDeus ExDishonoredThis game takes ingredients from all those games, mixes in some new spices of it's own and cooks up a soup that I simply found irresistible. If this isn't my Game of the Year for 2017, I have no idea what the heck it will be!Playtime: 24+ hours (Single playthrough)Ratings (1-10)Visual: 10Audio: 9Story: 10Gameplay: 10Overall: 10"
,Not Recommended,480490,32110035,Posted: 1 June,all,Mettil,"When I learned Prey was very similar to System Shock and Deus Ex, I was excited for it.  I never thought I would find a game in a similar vein tedious and one I would not want to finish, yet that's what happened to me with Prey.Prey starts out strong in terms of setting the atmosphere, pacing the story well, introducing interesting characters and a world you want to learn more about.  Prey is a game that rewards the curious player who wants to scour every area, backtrack to unlock doors when his skills are high enough or the right conditions met, or experiment with different ways to tackle enemies.  Ironically, however, it is not a game where diversity of play style is viable.Combat starts out weak, gets better, and ultimately becomes a drag.  Stealth is not as viable as it could be.  This makes pure stealth builds or over specialized combat builds weak.  In fact, there are not a lot of ability options for stealth.  Combat becomes a choice between mage-like abilities and weapon oriented abilities.  There are too few weapons to keep things interesting for as long of a game as Prey is.  Focusing too much on one or the other is not viable as I learned the hard way despite an achievement existing to complete the game purely relying on psionics or security/engineer.  You need to mix and match the right abilities at the right times of the story in order to be effective and not have the game become a tedious drag.Many side quests were broken.  I believe a recent patch addressed these issues but I have not replayed the game since to find out.  I would trigger an objective, complete a side quest, reload a save, and the quest reset itself in a broken state where I could no longer successfully complete it.  There is also a side quest involving a monster that stalks you.  You can evade it, destroy it, or lure it away by completing a side quest.  After I destroyed it, I accidentally triggered the related side quest and the monster materialized later out of thin air.  I'm not sure if that's intentional or if it's a bug.I also experienced issues with volume levels.  There is no master volume slider only mixers for voice, sfx, music, etc.  Voice only seems to control the sound of characters talking to you over the radio.  Audio levels of NPCs in the game world were way too high and no setting I adjusted seemed to affect their volume levels.The main story itself is very interesting and the characters are great.  Despite being interested in the outcome I have no plans to finish the game.  Events are portrayed very well and raise more questions than answers which keeps players guessing and allows a wide variety of interpretations to make sense.At the end of the day, there is way too much backtracking for me to finish the game.  Areas of the station do change as the story progresses, but it isn't enough to keep things fresh.  Areas fill with stronger and stronger enemies and there often aren't alternate routes by which to evade them.  This means you either try to sneak past and fail if you haven't invested points here or fight them and do poorly because you over specialized in one area and waste resources.  As a result of the intense backtracking, the story loses its sense of urgency.  Characters bombard you with requests and diversions and it spoils the pacing of the story and the experience of the game.I can't personally recommend this game, but I have no doubt it's going to be GOTY contender.  It's a game with excellent writing, interesting personalities, and a great variety of gameplay that warrants multiple playthroughs.  It's a game that offers a lot but doesn't pull through on everything."
,Recommended,480490,31815514,Posted: 17 May,all,INVNTIV,"This is a love letter to System Shock, beautifully executed without any DLC anti-consumer Season Pass B.S. that you normally would expect from a AAA title in 2017. From the bewildering bait-and-switch in the beginning to the vast open ended exploration and eerie synthesizer music, Prey is a wonderfully crafted experience. The story, regardless of your exploration, flows beautifully between quest objectives and is paced masterfully. Play this game."
,Recommended,480490,32869098,Posted: 27 June,all,Sopmik,"Its been awhile since i've been this sucked into a videogame. The story, setting and gameplay are all superb.A must-buy if you love games like Bioshock and System Shock."
,Recommended,480490,33165133,Posted: 2 July,all,theOrange,"This is the BEST FPS I have played in a while!  Story is well done, atmosphere is awesome!!  Great use of the CryTek engine!  I've been playing the single player for dozens of hours!  Just love it!"
76561198040317132,Recommended,480490,31592558,Posted: 6 May,all,Sp00paddon 지옥,"TLDR Review:Prey is a fantastic game to emerge in our current gaming generation, a unique and thrilling game full of plentiful and fun things to keep you going to the very end (and then some!). Whilst sometimes confusing and untasteful, Prey tells a solid story that keeps you guessing and heading toward new goals. The combat system is visceral and fun, yielding a creative arsenal you can combine alien powers with advanced technological weapons and standard issue firepower to create a reckoning force against the threatening Typhon aliens. The incredibly talented Mick Gordon boasts yet another incredible soundtrack that creates a seriously eerie and unnerving atmosphere of Talos 1, immersing you in the experience the whole time.9.5/10 – Great fun, loved every minute of it and I’m honestly so happy with my purchase! Arkane polished this game up real good!Detailed Review:Personal Thoughts:Personally I held a huge amount of hope and was very much hyped for Prey, despite seeing and hearing an overwhelming backlash from the gaming community about Arkane Studio's newest game. The first and most important(ly obvious) point to make is that no – this is not Human Head Studio’s sequel to the original Prey, nor does it have any ties to the original game. This is a fresh and brand new IP that shares the same name. With that being said, forget any connections to the old game or its unreleased sequel.Throughout Prey, you’ll be facing all kinds of gameplay mechanics. One method of play might be stealth, which is advisable for the earlier stages of the game so you can conserve ammo and important items. You can avoid conflict with the Typhon by sneaking past them, hiding in the shadows or behind objects and generally staying out of their line of sight. Later on you’ll be introduced to more weapons, items and powers that can help you utilize stealth to your full advantage. The Huntress Crossbow (a modified foam-dart toy gun) can be used to create a distraction and activate keypads from a distance, you can also use a variety of grenade-like gadgets such as the Typhon Lure to lure enemies toward it and give you space to move. Stealth isn’t always the case, and you may find you’ll get caught unexpectedly by an enemy and forced to kill it – sure you can run away from it, however Prey offers a unique and awesome variety of deadly weapons. At first, the combat can seem difficult and you might want to avoid it until you have a few upgrades to yourself and your gear, however if you combine your alien powers and weapons, you can make for some deadly combos. For example you can use combat focus to slow time down, switch out your GLOO Gun to freeze the enemy, then finally switch out to either a shotgun or a wrench and finish them off. The gameplay, whether it be the combat or navigating around the station, it’s all very creative and it’s without a doubt one of Prey’s best features and what makes the game so fun.You’ll find many items in the in game world, most of them are junk – which can be recycled via these machines that turns the common items you find into useable crafting materials. Find a fabricator then you can build yourself all manner of useful goodies from the junk you recycle. You can make anything from anti-rad pills, health kits to actual weapons and their ammo. It’s a very useful and creative feature in the game that beats other overused features like a money or credit system, and Arkane did a nice job of it, however it can feel a bit tedious later on in the game where you’re using them constantly due to a lack of important items. Some areas later on get tougher and you’ll find that if you’re not careful, you’ll use up your goods like health kits or shotgun ammo and you can end up hunting desperately for materials to craft more ammo or items.Pros:•	Great soundtrack – whilst Mick Gordon didn’t dish out the beefy head-banging tunes, but his music certainly sets the tone for the game!•	Creative and rewarding gameplay – so many ways to play how you want. You can access many areas through a variety of different paths, airs vents, elevators, grav, shafts even flying around the exterior of the space station! Useful items, destructive weapons and awesome alien powers that can be combined and used effectively against your enemies!•	Good length – Prey isn’t too long but also isn’t one of those games you’ll complete in a couple of hours. There’s a fair amount of missions, a bit of back tracking, and a tasteful story that’ll keep players going, not to mention there’s always different possibilities with additional playthrough!•	Decent compatibility – Game runs great on some old tech up to the newest and high end wear. Prey is well optimized and runs a treat, whilst maintaining good graphics and a steady frame rate.•	Whilst Prey only gives a slight vibe to Bioshock, the game harks back to a classic masterpiece in gaming culture – System Shock! If you’re a fan of the originals, you’ll definitely love this!Cons:•	Gameplay can get a little repetitive from time to time.•	Crafting can be a difficult process, especially when you need gear and you can’t always get your hands on the appropriate ingredients or find the machines to recycle/fabricate.•	Talos 1 is overwhelmingly big at first and can put some players off – it’s easy to get lost when you’re new to the game, but within time you can gradually learn the layout.•	Weapons and items can feel a little underwhelming and weak near the first half of the game – be sure to upgrade them, they’ll start to hit like a truck later on!•	Backtracking can be a pain, so make sure you remember locations and get used to the game as best you can•	Prey gets way too much slack than it should. People need to get over the fact that Human Head’s Prey 2 won’t be happening. It’s 2017 and we just need some good games once in a while and not the same annual release copy that we know and expect and get bored with. Seriously, some people really need to give this game a chance because it’s some of the best fun I’ve had in years and is honestly worth your buck if your enjoy games like this and put the time into it.Whilst Prey isn’t exactly 10/10 outstanding with graphics, the game does look good and the game itself runs smoothly – in fact it’s better optimized than Dishonored 2! Visually the game looks good, the lighting is perfect, the art style is bold, and nothing on screen will look too out of place at any time. The sound design is fantastic, the guns sounds beefy and impactful, there’s lots of high tech blips and beeps going off that help give you immersion to this awesome but scary world that Prey delivers. The soundtrack is one of the creepiest and unnerving you’ll hear in a while, and gives off a perfect atmosphere to the game.A solid 9.5/10 experience! There was so much to do in this game, not too much, not too little, the length and pacing of the game felt perfect, spending more than 20 hours on my first playthrough! Highly recommended for psychological horror fans and games reminiscent of Bioshock and System Shock. This is easily my best game of 2017 and I loved every moment of the game. It kept me guessing, thinking and playing onwards, I spent a solid 17 hours one day playing it nonstop because I was so invested and gripped by it."
,Recommended,480490,31717141,Posted: 12 May,all,Nifix,"A Review:I don’t usually write reviews and this likely won't be up to the standard of many of the top rated ones but I thought I would include my own. =)Disclaimer: I have only done one playthrough on normal so far.Likes:This game follows a very good story with many choices and different endings based on them. It is a single player experience so if you're a multiplayer / co-op only person this may not be for you.The world kept me interested as I explored everything I could find. There is stuff all over, even in places you would not expect. I love hoarding items and taking my time so this was a huge plus for me.I liked both the characters and enemies design and lore wise.Lots of side stuff, lore, and reading if you want to.A large amount of options to upgrade and power up your character with. It is not exp based so this makes looking for and finding upgrades feel amazing.To myself none of the upgrades felt useless and all had a noticeable effect.On normal it was very spooky at first but as you power up you eventually become much stronger then them. I personally really like this. If you are doing some of the achievements or playing on a higher difficulty it is likely very different.There is no fast travel but it is quite easy to get around. I personally think that having the fast travel would have taken away from the experience.Has replay value for different builds, achievements, and endings.Has Steam cards. :pDislikes:Gameplay and story wise I cant think of anything I did not enjoy. If I had to pick something the large tunnel was a bit annoying to try and loot/find everything in. I think this is just a “me” problem though.No new game plus but it may be added.Technical Issues:A lot of the bad reviews both here and around the interwebs seem to be due to bugs which I can understand. It is very depressing how many there were and how some, as of this review, have not been corrected.Although I did not experience the save corruption bug I saw many reports of it. The 1.02 patch seems to have fixed the saves and stopped this bug.Item duplication bug. (Fixed as of 1.02)There is a bug where some items in your inventory will vanish for seemingly no reason. I had this happen to me once and have seen others report it as well. (Not Yet fixed as of 1.02)My biggest issue was a bug that prevents a main story quest “Shipping and Receiving” from progressing. It is very easy to encounter so I will try to do a spoil free warning and the work around. (Not Yet fixed as of 1.02)It's cause is found on the second floor of the cargo bay safe room with people in it. It is the two men near the lift up’s exit watching a bad guy do some stuff from the window. If you go near them the conversation starts and you're then out of luck and will have to go back to a save. The bug itself is the kill all enemies in the room requirement will never complete due to that conversation happening.The work around requires a save to return to. Simply ignore everyone and go right to the main girl, get the mission, and complete it. Do not go anywhere near the second floor window. Once done you're free to do whatever you like as the conversation can no longer happen.I have seen others report that this is also caused by turning the power on in cargo bay and having the needed plan prior to the mission telling you to get/do them. I however did both those things and it was not the cause in my case.I had two random crashes both in the lobby. Once near the start of the game and once near the end.Overall:Despite the bugs I still highly recommend the game to anyone that enjoys a single player experience similar to that of Bioshock. Although it does not make the fact that the bugs existed in the first place okay the technical issues I mentioned should be corrected in the next patch.Hope this helps. =)"
,Recommended,480490,31636581,Posted: 8 May,all,Miserakle,"It is amazing game. By atmoshere. By music. By combat system. By plot and it's many twists. By level design and secrets. By lore. By voice acting. By side quests. By no ""press x to win"".But it have a couple awful bugs. And you know what? I forgive that for ending.Obviously it is sci-fi of the year."
,Recommended,480490,31768620,Posted: 15 May,all,OffensiveBias,"This is the best immersive sim since the original Deus Ex.When you buy Prey, you get a game with:fantastic level designchoices that matterlots of meaningful side questsa huge space station to explore both inside and outsidea rich lore with backstory for every employee of the stationa gripping story with some really cool twistsmultiple solutions to every problema cast of memorable characters, each can be saved or killedbeautiful ""neo-deco"" aestheticsan ambient/synthwave soundtrack written by the same guy who composed music for Doom and Wolfenstein: The New Order, Mick Gordonan ability to roll past your enemies as a banana or any other item lying around"
,Recommended,480490,31558787,Posted: 5 May,all,Guardian_Angel,"Arkane Studios conjoined grim space atmosphere of System Shock, Gameplay of Bioshock and Deus Ex with some of their own buildups from Dishonored and sculpted it out of CryEngine. And that is a one heck of a combination.The game's really good - it succeeds in its' every aspect, from intriguing lore to great sound design of any object presented in it:TheGRAPHICSkeep abreast with the time and does not induce much seizures while playing.GAMEPLAYin Prey is classy, quite manifold and versatile when it offers multiple solutions for achieving the same goal. It also encourages you to diversify your activities. After the prologue mission you're free to go wherever you want and do whatever you want on a fairly big spaceship with limited access to Zero G space. You are can also choose to play with human neiromodules or gain access to alien implants, which also impacts the attitude of defense mechanisms to you etc.I was pleasantly surprised by theOPTIMIZATIONin Prey, after playing Arkane's last installment, Dishonored 2. It's trouble-free.As stressed above, the game'sLOREis pretty interesting to read, so stay ticker for those notes and books scattered around the area.TheSOUND DESIGNis Phenomenal - almost every single thing in this game has its' distinctive audio and oftentimes the game uses that to loiter with you (Mimics hide-and-seek, for example)LEVEL DESIGNis thorough and meticulous. Each area in the game contains a unique backstory and agenda."
,Recommended,480490,31696909,Posted: 12 May,all,Zero.Miz-Kun,Just Finished the game with almost all the endings. I gotta say. I LOVED IT ♥ ♥ ♥
,Recommended,480490,31764176,Posted: 15 May,all,doomSday,"I honestly can't believe how good Prey turned out to be. I thought it would essentially be a simple successor to System Shock but it turned out to be so much more. For a relatively linear rpg, you're given a surprising amount of freedom with multiple paths to tackle an objective. You're also given plenty of upgrades to put into your skill trees for whatever playstyle you want to have plus some. The story is engaging, the soundtrack is great, the game is (mostly) optimized. I've played quite a few games this year and thus far this is my GOTY for 2017. This game exceeded expectations, and my expectations were already fairly high.I would say Prey is well worth the full price of admission, the game is fairly lengthy and took me close to thirty hours to beat during my first playthrough. Eventually I'll play through it again when I have the time, but so far I've very much enjoyed what this game had to offer."
,Recommended,480490,31733255,Posted: 13 May,all,Hunter Lee,"It's so much like, System Shock 2, I love it!I'd say it's worth the 60 bucks, probably my favorite game this year so far!Highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,480490,31573222,Posted: 5 May,all,Makuren,"Amazing. Love the atmosphere, the graphics, and the environment. For those who like exploring and reading every detail, this is a great game. Mind you, the jump scares are everywhere but you get used to them with time. It's a great game of hide and seek with mimics. I can see myself investing in this for a long while to come. :)10/10"
76561198272656369,Recommended,480490,33182929,Posted: 3 July,all,Chili,Awsome game to play if you are into horror and story line games. However if you are getting just to shoot up some aliens I do not suggest this game. The graphics in this game are amazing and i will continue to support this game even though i am returning it becuase i am not into horror games.
,Recommended,480490,31638550,Posted: 8 May,all,ZoCo,"Prey is a game that was born when Dead Space, System Shock, Bioshock and Dishonored 2 had an orgy, and it turned out to be amazing, I love the choices I had to make during my playthough, and the ending was really good too."
76561198309601956,Not Recommended,480490,34318044,Posted: 17 August,all,Storm,A lot of the quest are fetch quests. After a while running through the space stations going through multiple load screens becomes incredibly annoying and tiresome. Sure battleing the enemies is cool and some of the quest have you face moral delimas but it seriously doesn't make up for the generally boring running around.
76561198008227946,Recommended,480490,33152943,Posted: 2 July,all,Jen'jidai,A very well done game that is reminiscent of the gameplay of bioshock but in an equally unique setting with what i would call a more dynamic maps design.  The gameplay can be slow and the story can be a bit tedious but doesn't remove from how fun the game is.
76561198147756649,Recommended,480490,31793607,Posted: 16 May,all,zeplog,"i finished the game in 40 hours and 10 minutes, but now i wish i didn't finish at all."
,Recommended,480490,33195907,Posted: 3 July,all,Dune Tiger,"Every once in a while, something comes along that shapes the consciousness of up-and-coming creators, be they film-makers, novelists, developers or whatever.  Something gets so deep-rooted in us that it's hard to escape.  As an example, in films, the originalBlade Runnerblew so many minds that even to this very day, it's hard to find a dystopian vision of the future that isn't tempered or at the very least informed by Ridley Scott's vision.  In books, Tolkien'sLord of the Ringscontinues to instruct fantasy novelists around the world.  In the gaming world, each genre has its own foundation or cornerstone, but one of those deeply-impacting games wasSystem Shock 2.  There is no doubt that so many of today's creative minds experienced SS2 and they have been trying to capture that spirit in the modern era.  So many games have been clearly influenced by SS2, even the flawed effort of Ken Levine's wet dream (pun intended) - by no means a terrible game, but one that traded the horror and ingenuity of its forebear for an ""I'm kind of a big deal"" story.  Even still, it spawned a successful franchise that moved away from its SS2 roots and still thinks it's kind of a big deal.  So Arkane Studios and its head honcho threw in its hat and happily brought us one of the most sincere tributes to SS2 since, well, SS2.Though Bethesda slapped the name of a mostly-ignored and completely-unrelated 2006 game onto Arkane's game (known forDishonored), veterans ofSystem Shock 2will get a sort of nostalgic feeling as they play through the opening ofPrey 2017(herein justPrey) and new gamers will simply be in for a wild ride.  Putting aside the comparison to its obvious spiritual predecessor,Preystands on its own as a fully-realized and wonderfully-open sci-fi horror FPS.  After a brilliant introduction that slowly eases you into the something's-afoot story, you're pretty much left to your own devices.Preyeventually brings you to Talos I, a massive science space station in the middle of nowhere that's clearly been up to no good.  Your role in the story is entirely up to you, but it's handled with subtlety, and you're quite free to play the game however you like.  There's few moments in the game where you're clearly affecting the outcome of the story, but you will be affecting it nevertheless - that is to say, there's no ""GOOD CHOICE/BAD CHOICE"" moments that are clearly defined with red and blue buttons.  Within the first hour, you will be told that you can freely explore the station as you will and while this is true, you'll find there's a lot of locked doors and broken elevators that bar you from fully sequence-breaking the game. Still, there's quite a lot of freedom here.  Yes, there's a main story and objectives, but throughout the game you will encounter optional objectives that you are free to tackle or ignore as you like.  If you're the kind of player that loves to find crawlspaces and explore every nook and cranny, then rest assured that there are nooks and crannies a-plenty aboard Talos I, and if you want to survive, seeking them out isn't such a bad idea.Above everything else, survival is paramount to your experience inPrey.  This is not a game designed around ""Press X to Jason"".  It is, in fact, trying to kill you, and it's trying to do it all the time.  Even the enemies on the lowest rung of the predatory ladder can be truly devastating if you're ill-equipped to deal with them and even towards the end of the game, enemies hithard.  Thankfully, respawns are spaced out, meaning that if you spend the time clearing out an area, it will stay pretty clear for quite a while before more enemies return to keep the danger levels up.  Of course, you will not be left empty-handed -Preywill provide you with a small selection of effective weapons, though ammo will be an issue when you start out, especially if you go out of your way to grab some of the more powerful ones earlier than you're 'supposed' to have them.  On top of this, you will have the ability to power yourself up, similar toSystem Shock 2'spsi powers or that other -Shock's plasmids.  This can be any multitude of things like resistances, strength, hacking, physical prowess, and other surprises as the game continues.  This is all done through the collection of Neuromods, which are these horror-fuelled needles you stab behind your eyeball, which are a key part of the story itself.While the plot ofPreywon't really blow your mind - it's standard sci-fi horror fare and you shouldn't expect much of a twist - what I really liked about it was that everythingexistsaboard the station, and they did so long before you ever took the controls.  That is to say that you will encounter the station's residents, or at the very least their remains, but several of them have significant stories to tell that don't involve you at all.  They have their own relationships and hobbies and all other kinds of fun things that you can discover that ultimately breathe so much life into the station and its (sometimes-former) inhabitants.  In SOP, most of this information will come from emails and audiologs that you can find on computers and ""TranScribes"" (tape recorders) all over the station.  It's a weird trope that everyone in the future maintains audio logs, but whatever.  The neat thing is that even one of my nitpickiest criticisms of the stuff you find in the game - in this case, an inordinate amount of baseball gloves all over the station - is actually explained, should you take the time to go and find that explanation.  The devs really covered all their bases on this one and it really feels like this station was really a home for many people.Speaking of the station itself, while it does feature a lot of copy-and-paste assets - as expected in these kinds of games - it is worth mentioning that every section of the station has its own character.  Despite seeing the same old coffee cups and packing crates everywhere, the layouts of each area are very well thought out and distinct from each other.  While most of the transitional hallways and corridors are samey, the larger sets they open onto are wonderfully-realized and also breathe life into the ""dead"" station, not to mention its object persistence - drop something and it stays there!  No magical clean-up gremlins!  You can imagine how earch area might have operated had the proverbial poop not hit the fan.  All of this to say that the game does an amazing job of letting you know that you're dropping into the middle of something that's been going on for quite some time and that the universe wasn't just waiting for you to enter it and take control.As for control, I originally played the demo on the PS4 and wasn't quite sure about how I felt about the game because the controller is definitely not suited forPrey.  I had a feeling that a mouse and keyboard would be exactly what this game needed (the early Mimic enemies are simply too agile for controllers) and I was right to pick it up on the PC.  While it's a bit clunky at first, especially inventory management, you'll get used to it and soon enough you'll be expertly picking your way through the UI as second-nature.  While the weapon selection is purposely small to allow for the multitude of possible powers you can gain, gunplay is very satisfying.  The sounds are what they need to be and this is one of the few games out there that doesn't want to replace your shotgun - you can actually revel in its thumpy goodness and blast♥♥♥♥♥♥in the face all the live-long day.  Things get even crazier when you find yourself in zero-G environments (including outside the station), but you will become an expert in no time.In short -Preyis a wonderful entry into the sci-fi horror genre and a lovely tribute toSystem Shock 2, definitely worthy of the -Shock name even if it can't legally have it."
76561197970366219,Recommended,480490,31711421,Posted: 12 May,all,xerxes4242,"This game really reminds me of System Shock and Deus Ex in all the right ways.  As someone who feels that Bioshock never really lived up to the System Shock games, this is refreshing.Downsides: No FOV slider and default is horrid and headache inducing.  Clunky menus.  Hacking mini game controls like♥♥♥♥♥on keyboard.  I think they're fixing the FOV.Overall, as long as you aren't looking for a run and gun experience, I recommend it."
,Recommended,480490,31637212,Posted: 8 May,all,ﮎ☷ Danger Noodle,"Many people are going to say ""its bioshock in space!!!11!!1!"" well the original concept for bioshock was abord a spacestation. I would say it goes more than just a step further than bioshock though. Sure there are many mechanics that draw comparison, but bioshock lacked much of what makes this game great. This game gives the player an incredible sense of reward when exploring and puzzle solving. Bioshock had its tape recorders that could be listened to to glean a little background. Prey goes far deeper, giving sidequests to find living crew members in some terminals, allowing the download of map sections from terminals, emails that when opened activate sidequests, and even some emails that must be read carefully to find information to aid in puzzle solving. As an example fairly early in the main quest the player must repair the looking glass server, once in Dr. Calvino's office you can find a terminal with 3 emails, one of which shows the doctor requesting a 170 gram coffee mug for his feeble old hands, and the next requesting a scale that, when reading exactly 170 grams, sends an on/off signal. After searching the office you can find the thermos, and place it on a scale that is laying atop a table, and when this is done a shelf opens. you dont get an empty reward either it wasnt materials, or an achievement, or ammo or anything lackluster/in abundance somewhere else, you get the only keycard to his room and 3 neuromods (a highly useful resource used for character leveling) this sense of reward drives the player to think outside the box, not to say ""hoho! i have found the alternate route! now i have an achievement not everyone else has"" but rather a strong sense of satisfaction, when you get around that locked door by using your GLOO gun to climb up into a ventilation shaft and the room is full of exotic material or neuromods or a new gun, or when you get into that small locked room and its full of rare ammo, or fabrication schematics. the gameplay is incredibly rewarding and drives you to explore and always, always, always check the cieling, for platforms that may have items on top, for vents, for anything that may aid progression. another example of exploration being rewarding is very early in the game after you recieve your first neuromod you are pushed by the voice in your head to go to that next objective marker, but if you use your GLOO cannon to climb the wall you can find the disruptor stun gun, a weapon that the game doesnt push you towards till a couple hours later. I cannot recommend this game enough and i could easily continue this review but people probably havent even read this far so i will stop.TL;DR extremely rewarding gameplay, worth the $60"
76561198315440522,Recommended,480490,34747941,Posted: 4 September,all,freaky.ashes,"Do the youngsters these days even know what System Shock 2 is and how incredibly ahead of its time it was? Almost two decades later we finally get a game that comes very close to it, but how close exactly? Let's examine, shall we? Beware: mild spoilers ahead.System Shock 2 is an incredibly complex game and yet highly approachable. It’s impossible to talk about this one in detail without bringing its “spiritual successor” to the table, which is of course the unfortunately much more successful Bioshock. I will argue that Bioshock doesn’t even come close and that the true spiritual successor is actually the main topic of this review.Bioshock to System Shock 2 is like a lobotomized deformed brother with a down syndrome. Whereas Bioshock is definitely dumbed down, Prey is modernized and simplified. So if we build a similar analogy here: Prey to System Shock 2 is like your good-looking suave psychopath of a brother. Why such a precise description? Well, that’s the main point of the game of course! The old pushing the fat guy trolley problem. In the lieu of Silent Hill 2 the game closely observes you during the entirety of your stay on Talos I. What will you do? Will you push the fat guy? Will you jump yourself?When it comes to the story, many parts of it are simply brilliant. What makes us who we are? If you get your brain rewired, are you still the same person? The answer to that question is of course no, yet it’s something that the smarter of us only now begin to realize. However, no matter how unambiguous the answer to a big question like that, it still needs to be illustrated and Prey does so beautifully.Unfortunately not all is rosy in this Typhon infested kingdom of ours. As many a good idea Prey has; it also dwells into the quantum mechanical woo that would make even Deepak Chopra and his tirades about entanglement and “con-scious-ness” blush. Fortunately not nearly on the same catastrophic levels as Bioshock Infinite, which gives even the original a run for its money in how stupid it was. There’s also a problem of having no identifiable villain. Apex doesn’t count, it’s a formless mass of evil nobody should care for. Heck, we don’t even get to fight it properly. Even Fontaine was a more compelling presence than this, let alone Shodan who I still consider to be the greatest video game villain of all time. However, I would say that on the whole, the story in Prey is better than that of System Shock 2 and that there should be some kind of an award for a game that doesn’t phone in multiple endings, where every one of these feels meaningful.So why am I saying this is the true spiritual successor? Because the gameplay is extremely close to System Shock 2 and as we all know it’s all about gameplay. So, Neuromods instead of Cyber Modules, the familiar psychic abilities, three professional disciplines: science, engineering and security; and we also get to research stuff. Honestly, it’s so close that on a superficial inspection one might think it a carbon copy. Luckily Prey puts enough of a spin on it to make all of that its own. Oh and by the way: Bioshock has none of it. None! Spiritual successor, my a*s. Just because it was made by the same people implies no such thing and it’s also extremely sad when another company makes a spiritual successor to your own game whilst you burn down in flames trying to recreate the magic. Too bad the public is too gullible and so of course it falls for it.Do I have any criticisms? Yes, of course I do. Prey is by no means perfect in the very strict sense, but neither was System Shock 2 (die, weapon degradation, die!). Prey only really has 5 weapons. I’m not counting GLOO Cannon, grenades or god forbid – the Boltcaster, as these are utility items, yes even grenades: a frag grenade a recycler charge is not. Now in contrast, System Shock 2 had 13 weapons.Honestly, all you will ever need is your trusty shotgun and disruptor. Pistol is a joke, as you need to go through a whole clip to do any significant damage, at least playing on Nightmare difficulty. Whilst human abilities are well-balanced, Typhon powers range from overpowered to outright useless. The telepathy tree is extremely useful, morph less so, energy being completely useless. Really though, once you get the shotgun and max Combat Focus and Psychoshock (I see what you did there) you’re pretty much unstoppable. Nightmare, the strongest enemy in the game gets violated within seconds using just those three things. So, overall, not very balanced, but then again neither was System Shock 2.The criticism that I often hear is that the Typhon are not very interesting enemies. I disagree a great deal. They're as varied an adversarial force as one could hope for. What makes them most interesting is their special abilities that spice up the combat quite a bit. Well, unless you spam Psychoshock that is, but even then they can still Psycho Shift their way around turning some battles into an intense game of cat and mouse. At any rate, they're infinitely more intriguing than the dull hordes of ""sploicers"" that seem to always plague Rapture. When it comes to their visual style: it bears a clear parallel to the Rorschach test which is very much in theme with the rest of the game.Graphically the game feels last gen, despite running on CryEngine which I should’ve picked up back in the day instead of wasting two years of my life learning Unreal Engine. What it has going for it though is a well done aesthetic suspiciously resembling Bioshock, which isn’t surprising provided Arkane worked on its sequel, the one that I actually liked, believe it or not. Whereas both feature Art Deco style, Bioshock had a 30s theme going on for it, Prey goes for more of a space age thing: 50s to 60s.Overall Prey is a worthy successor to my beloved System Shock 2 and I believe it to be my duty to inform of the fact every breathing fan of both it and the immersive sim in general. If you like a game of this ilk you simply cannot go wrong with Prey. As a value package: the game promises between 20 and 40 hours of gameplay should you wish to explore every nook and cranny of the behemoth that is Talos I, and believe you me – it is a delight to do so. I bought it on 50% off sale, but even at its retail price it is more than worth it."
,Recommended,480490,34523940,Posted: 27 August,all,Zombie Cat,"First off, I have to praise this game for using quick save feature and not some crappy checkpoint system, this alone has made my game experience quite a bit better than most games using the checkpoint system. Secondly, you can choose which stories to explore and how long you actually want to play. The interesting recycling mechanic to gather raw materials and change it into basic things like ammo or quest items was a pretty welcome change from just being handed everything.The weapons are very fun to use, wrench is undoubtedly the best in the game, 2nd best being the pistol and the stun gun being the 3rd with its ability to incapcitate (most) foes. Although there aren't just weapons to use as you will eventually be able to use alien abilities to help you defeat enemies either through deception..speed or energy attacks.You should be aware this game has denuvo, however that never affected me in any of my 40 hours of gameplay. The only thing that affected me was stuttering that used to happen as i suspect a memory leak when the game has been open too long..this was easily solved by just quicksaving then restarting the game..im hoping this will get fixed in a future patch.The combat is very interesting, as most times there is a way to sneak past your foes or simply outmanuveur them when investing in the mobility tree or just fight them head on, whichever style you pick will work. Which brings me to the upgrade system, you use neuromods to give yourself a flat damage, hp or more inventory space..these neuromods can be found plentifully around the game and eventually crafted.However, you can also invest the typhoid (alien) abilities which can be very fun and really useful in areas where you might not have access to traditionally with keycards.I will have to say one thing..fortified turrets are op...have 4 of them bad boys lined up and nothing will make it past..even nightmares get shredded provided you throw a nullifier grenade.If you are a fan of very good single player games and has plenty of exploration and at your own pace type gameplay...this game is definitely for you. The atmosphere is fantastic and it really gives the feeling of a broken space station that has been mostly void of life besides you and a handful of survivors. The game runs incredibly well on my rig (see profile).Just 1 more thing, if you do the last mission that involves meeting up with alex yu, it triggers aliens that will block most of the entrances on the map which in turn makes it mostly impossible to carry out non story objectives..just something to think about since i made that mistake and couldnt complete a few side story objectives.My final thoughts are that this game is definitely one of the best single player experiences I've had in 2017 with alot of content. If you were to do all side story quests you could easily get 40+ hours out of this game which at 30 euros is very good value for money."
,Recommended,480490,31549783,Posted: 4 May,all,Pip,The true return of the immersive sim genre everyone needed.GOTY 2017
,Recommended,480490,31768136,Posted: 15 May,all,Fred the dog,"Very thought-through game, just what you expect from Bethesda.I honnesly don't have anything really negative to address apart from it sometimes being a bit too ""busy"", atleast for me, i sometimes lose track of some of the quests, which is reasonable since you most likely come across them later on.Performance wise it's all good for my rig which is a higher-end budget rig-AMD radeon RX480 8gb-i5-6700 by intel-1x16 gb DDR4 ram 2133Just like fallout 4 i really enjoyed it so far.Should you buy it?It's 60$ which might be on the expensive hand as you can't do anything after you finished the storyline as of now. But the gameplay is alot of fun and i doubt you will regret buying this game. If you have a low budget you should wait for a sale.[EDIT]So now i finished the game, and I'm tempted to play it a second time, it got quite overdone at the end combat wise, as you had to run alot, probaly because i skipped a bunch of side quests preventing me from extra loot. I didn't speedrun it either, but i guess it's also intentional to make it harder, you really start to feel like a prey. Here are my final pro's and consThe ending was great by the way.[pros]+ The story is Great, in fact it's one of the best story lines i've followed in a while. 9/10+ The combat is simple but very well made, you have diverse weapons and environment methods.+ Graphics are beautiful.+ audio and sounds are well made.+ Alot of gameplay hours you can potentionally put in.+ Contains secrets and easter eggs, and archievements which you can hunt.[cons]- Can be hard to navigate, atleast it was my personal struggle later on.- Objectives can sometimes be so confusing.(-) Alot of loading, but it's for the sake of performance so i let that one slip ;)- Story was so good that i can't wait for prey2 or a dlc :("
,Recommended,480490,32282541,Posted: 8 June,all,lord crow,"when arkane (bethesda's gay brother who didnt smoke weed in college so they came out more successful and knowledgable on game design) announced Prey when they i think were STILL working on Dishonored 2 ?? I sort of bat an eye. In fact I knew next to nothing about this game before pre-purchasing, but a lot of my friends were getting this game so i thought, why not? Dishonored 2 was great. Arkane makes some good games. Arkane's Creative Director commented on a picture of my pet Chicken on my birthday. Why not. I sort of owe them. I ended up playing a Dishonored/Bioshock/Half-Life clone. The Neuromods, the wrench being the first weapon you pick up, the whole ""scan your enemies to get their powers!"" It's Bioshock! The whole ""you play as a Dr. Person who goes to work one day and an alien threat that walks on 4 legs suddenly ruins everything and for some reason only Yu (pun intended) is the most competend person in terms of combat mysteriously"". It's Half-Life!! The (beautiful) art design and intricate level design. It's Dishonored! Sadly, it's proximity to announcement and release to Dishonored 2 almost makes it feel like the developers were just lazy. Nothing really innovative or new besides the concept of the story and setting. Hell, the setting even reminds me of Metroid Fusion, taking place on asimilar looking space station devoted to scientific researchfor comparison, as well as aNightmarish, Unstoppable Creature That Is Constantly Hunting You Down.The story was... Pretty good, for the most part. There's a big cast of characters and, despite the crampedness of a space station, there's a lot to explore (a lot of backtracking too, but it's not as tedious as say Dark Souls 1 Post-Lordvessel), a lot of side quests that actually help complement the main quest (and the ending) if you do them correctly. Overall, a good game that keeps Dishonored fans with a similar fix from the same guys who made them. Just don't expect many surprises.Final Score: 6.75/10."
,Recommended,480490,31668623,Posted: 10 May,all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,"I will admit that I was skeptical.Bethesda has dug a hole for itself lately, with its recent policy of ""blind pre orders"" , a combination of review embargos and pre order incentives aimed to lure gamers into buying their products without having any idea what they're getting into.   You kinda roll the dice when you play along with this policy. Sometimes you get burned (Dishonored 2) and sometimes ..... sometimes you get something you didn't expect.So Let's get one thing straight : Prey 2017 has ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to do with Prey 2006.In my ~10 hours of play time I have not encountered any mind-bending interdimensional puzzles, or native american spirit animals.  Instead, I have scuttled fearfully around a derelict space station,  scavenging supplies, and trying to piece together what the ♥♥♥♥ happened to this place.  It evokes fragments of System Shock, Dead Space, Half Life, and Dishonored, but manages to feel entirely unique.On a technical level the game seems to be air-tight.  I didn't encounter any of the random slowdowns or hitching that plagued Dishonored 2,   and the graphics options seem to scale in a way that lets you get quite good fidelity without lighting your GPU on fire.  Aside from the ocassional crash here or there,  Prey is probably one of the most stable products I've played in a while.I won't go into any spoilers here, because alot of the appeal of the game is the mystery that unfolds around your character and his/her unique circumstances. Suffice to say that Arkane have come up with an exceptionally memorable story and a cast of characters whos lives are literally in your hands.  Yes, this game has tons of choice, and I can see that I will need to do several playthroughs before I will even be able to scratch the surface of what's on offer here."
,Recommended,480490,32029692,Posted: 28 May,all,slavbot,"10/10One of the best games I've ever played.Story is spectacular, lots of plot twists (especially at the end)Gameplay is fantastic, smooth combat and it has that eerie/unsettling vibe you would expect from a survival horror in spaceWhile I expected it to be similar to bioshock, it really had a different feel, but definitely draws inspiration from that franchiseI would have to say it's a game of the year contender.Another excellent title from Arkane Studios"
,Recommended,480490,33217024,Posted: 3 July,all,The Derp Knight,"This game should've been called the ""Get Lost In A Giant Space Station Simulator 2017"".Pros: Awesome story, great characters, awesome gameplay, and great graphics. Nothing beats calmly looking for loot in a desk and being attacked by a coffee mug. No other game will ever make you think ""Was that lamp there a minute ago?"" the same way this game will.Cons: Inconsistent art styles between the characters and the environments. It triggers the hell out of me that the environments go for a photo realistic art style with proportional dimentions and realistic colors, while the characters look like they were ripped straight out of Dishonored. The art feels like it was designed by two people on two different continents with different ideas of what they want it to be and just stitched it together at the end."
,Recommended,480490,33221827,Posted: 4 July,all,HonyGully,"This game is really awesome. If love games like black mesa, bioshock, system shock, Half-life, dishonored, etc. you're gonna love this game"
,Recommended,480490,32784764,Posted: 25 June,all,Neatrior,"PREY 2017 REVIEW-----------------------------------------------------This game is a godsend if your into Bioshock, and Systemshock games, Though (for me) it gives off more of a Bioshock vibe. It's well optimized, and runs good on lower end hardware. My old  GTX 770 4GB can rock 60fps at high settings most of the time.This games option menu is great! It has a plethora of options to choose from. The game uses a higher varient of SMAA anti alasing, (great for any resolution and low performance cost to boot!) which gets rid of those jagged edges. When your moving you can still see some shimmering, but it's nothing too bad. Keep in mind, I'm playing on 1080p, higher resolutions with SMAA turned on will probably see none if any jagged edges.Just a little heads up, If you have 2GB VRAM on your graphics card, do not expect the game to run on High or Ultra textures. There is an issue, if yourVRAM goes above 2GB on a 2GB card, The game refuses to load in some textures, resulting in blurry images.I reccomend watching Sholva's video on this subject, he shows this issue. (3:54 is when the issue is shown)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnQz5wSylfAI think this might be the engines fault, not Arkane's.The only fix that I know of is keeping textures on Medium.I'm not certain if theres a fix for playing at higher texture levels other than medium on a 2GB card, but I'll make sure to edit my review if I find one.(If anybody knows a work around for this on a 2GB card, please let me know, so I can update the review)On another subject,  The games story. It's pretty good and engaging, but some of the story (Including lore) you have to piece things together by reading emails/books/magazines. This is not a problem for me, and I enjoy piecing all the elements together like a puzzle.The games mechanics are intresting, there's RPG elements, and from the beginning you get to pick your Gender, Which I thought was a neat feature. Speaking about the RPG elements, theres a Skill Tree Mechanic where you get to pick special skills from said trees, its semi in-depth and definitely increases replay value.The Levels in the game are very open, and level design is excellent. Player choice is encouraged here, so each situation can be approached differently. I really likeThe space walks outside of Talos 1, it's really amazingAnyway, I do think that Prey is worth the buy espeically if you like space. (Like myself). The game is about 20 hours long if you rush, but about 27 hours if you complete everything. I havent yet completed the game. I think Arkane did a good job on this, and I can't wait to see any future games they may have instore for us."
,Recommended,480490,31624537,Posted: 8 May,all,Le Controller,"Arkane has absolutely outdone themselves with this title. They have quietly released their best product, outclassing both Dishonored, as well as its sequel. It combines the best parts of every game it is based off of to create something truly excellent.This game is a masterpiece of the highest order and should not be slept on.10/10"
,Recommended,480490,31579287,Posted: 6 May,all,Bunny,System Shock 2 (2017)
76561198003524794,Recommended,480490,32143532,Posted: 2 June,all,Mattnum,"I feel I need to write a review because sales aren't what they should be and we need Arkane to keep making this kind of game.This is a system shock style game not bioshock. So expect to be weak in combat but with great atmosphere, great sense of presence.Every level I've been in has been the best designed level. Every room has been the most believable room. This is among the top environmental storytelling games.The open world design is excellent and refreshing in its approach. With tons of side quests to complete, you get to make use of internal and external routes throughout Talos I space station.I've read complaints that combat sucks. Yup its more system shock than arcade bioshock. Your a science nerd way out of his depth. I love slowing time, warping away and destroying enemies, or creating traps, placing mines and luring them in. I've read zero G sucks. Nope it's awesome with great control scheme, sorry if you get disoriented easily. If you do have problems in Zero-G, look at the station for big bold letters and compare that to your map.I love it!"
76561197974411838,Recommended,480490,33191679,Posted: 3 July,all,Featherstone,"If you like open world games like the fallout series, with FPS fighting, moderately difficult tasks, and hidden items and the like, I recommend this game highly."
76561198054324034,Recommended,480490,34350886,Posted: 19 August,all,Ware,"Prey is a game that asks you to think. Think about what you want from a game. If you want an open world, you have it here. Though barren when backtracking earlier than the game intends, it does pick up during the later chapters. If you want a story with choice, well you have 3 options, and many different 'side choices' similar to fallout games. If you want to go around shooting aliens, you can go around shooting alients.If you go into the game knowing what you want from it, you won't be disappointed. If you go in without knowing, you may not enjoy the game as much as others, especially at first. If you do decide to get this while it is on sale, my advice is to give it time. Let it sell you on the world before making any calls.And you can always give the free trial a try beforehand. I didn't personally, as I watched a youtuber play through it. I bought it for myself to explore another ending, and it looks fun to play. I've gone in knowing what I wanted from it. And I'm not dissappointed.Also, if you get stuck near the helicopter, try hitting the door. There's invisible glass there."
,Recommended,480490,31617410,Posted: 7 May,all,yesdrama,"Was going to wait for a sale to buy this, but reviews were good, so I purchased it....glad I did.  Suspensful - anything can be a mimic, multiple weapons / environment strategy to take down a single enemy, responsive controls - runs smooth maxed out on 970, cool story (so far).  Just fun. I was a dissappointed in graphics first few hours of game play- a little dated - but the atmosphere grows on you, immersive......so no real grapphic issue once the game gets going.- I don't usually like paying $59.99, this is an exception."
,Recommended,480490,31553070,Posted: 4 May,all,Zhu qian qian's boy friend,"Perfect, the game is a bit harder than Dishonored 2. You must learn how to use the canon efficiently. Monsters have high AIs. The optimization is good, GTX1050 4GB LAPTOP can run at High settings."
76561197960282791,Recommended,480490,33211792,Posted: 3 July,all,Kyote,"The spiritual successor to System Shock 2, and the best game Arkane's ever done."
76561198076381755,Recommended,480490,31698759,Posted: 12 May,all,krackenspawn,oh yeah prey was cool as ♥♥♥♥.  it could of been better like every game but it was such an interesting story and on harder difficulty it gave the game a fair bit of strategy of attack or evasion but attack cause you want thier remains. but its more about finding all the crew dead or alive to get items to help you access other parts of the station. really memorable quests a couple i could not work out and thats a good thing.
,Recommended,480490,33144763,Posted: 2 July,all,S-Bear,"I really enjoyed this game one of my favorites so far this year, the story was well crafted and kept me engaged, great enviroments, a nice selection of weapons, perks and interesting mechanics, a gathering/ basic crafting system,  lots of text readables like emails and books that give the story more depth and background, multiple ways to play the game and a couple different endings. I had no performance issues whatsoever, it ran smoothly (windows 7, 16gb RAM, intel i5 and an older Nvidia geforce card). The cons of this game are there arent alot of enemy variations, would have like more sections to explore and more sidequests. A few of the quests felt a bit tedious/bland and I had a few glitches of things not stacking properly in my inventory. That being said I really hoping to see some DLC or a sequel and I reccoment this game highly."
76561197969768590,Recommended,480490,33194888,Posted: 3 July,all,Cpt.Rizzen,"If you are a fan of System Shock 2 or the BioShock franchise, then you must get this game.  To be honest, I like this game better than SS or Bioshock!  Fantastic game."
,Recommended,480490,32699675,Posted: 23 June,all,Hexu,"About two hours into the game and an unexpected crash occured. Otherwise a great game so far, will have to play more to see if more crashes occur and to give a more detailed review. Otherwise a good game so far.Now about six hours in the game, no more crashes have occured. The game gives a good challenges on thinking about an aproach on enemies since if even the most basic enemies swarm a little or get the jump on you you might be overpowered. But it still isn't as hard as dark souls so you have a chance by sneaking and taking them out one by one."
76561197971212272,Recommended,480490,31627783,Posted: 8 May,all,PanzerMeyer72,"Imagine this game being a perfect blend of Half Life 2 and Dead Space. The technology and weapons are very reminiscent of the former and the sheer scare factor and tension is reminiscent of the latter. This is very much a ""thinking man's"" first person shooter because it's not always obvious how to go about completing objectives and the story is very well written.I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,480490,33207883,Posted: 3 July,all,Vegemite™,"I beat it in around 30 hours and my mind is blown. Couldn't stop thinking about it, now I'm playing a second time. Spooks and humour in all the right places, not to mention the detail. It's a work of art that I hope they can expand on with either a sequel or a movie. I would throw all my money at it10/10"
76561197971847516,Recommended,480490,31589460,Posted: 6 May,all,Jackal,"I thought they didn't make games like this anymore...the best way to describe this game is that it is a FPS SciFi thriller with some RPG elements. The story so far is believable, the graphics are above average and it is well optimised since launch day."
76561198099073657,Recommended,480490,31815866,Posted: 17 May,all,Lˡᵍʰᵗʰᵒᵘˢᵉ,"Awesome game! If you like to take your time and play games to their fullest, and not JUST follow the campaign, then this is the game for you! You always find yourself in new situations and there is alot of playtime value. Not to mention its just super fun overall."
76561198041602709,Recommended,480490,31564050,Posted: 5 May,all,Quadamage,It's like Prop Hunt. Except the props are hunting you too. 10/10
76561198038369707,Recommended,480490,33191101,Posted: 3 July,all,360NoScope31!73,"Worth a Buy at full price. 31 hours to complete. Buy if you like Bioshock, Half Life, Doom. Replayable for achievements, different endings, and different play style experience. Bug free and high performance optimization was getting 100+ fps with gtx 970 on max settings.8/10Graphics 9Controls 8Story 8Ai 7"
,Recommended,480490,31618354,Posted: 7 May,all,Vaikesh,"A bit overpriced, but so far so good (a few hours in game), hope my 2 cents will help the devs :)Stable release, been playing a few hours w/o a single crash or glitch (which is a rare thing these days) and my system is quite dated by now [Microsoft Windows 7 Ultimate x64, Asus P6X58D Premium  (2 PCI, 1 PCI-E x1, 3 PCI-E x16, 6 DDR3 DIMM, Audio, Dual Gigabit LAN, IEEE-1394), QuadCore Intel Core i7-930, 2933 MHz (22 x 133), System Memory 12279 MB  (DDR3 SDRAM), NVIDIA GeForce GTX 680  (2 GB), Creative SB X-Fi XtremeGamer Sound Card]Overall good sound / music; a bit simple, but nice graphics (althou for this kind of game it shouldnt be on the first place imo)Story is quite familiar by now (Half-Life universe etc) but still engaging and i really care what will happen next w/ my characterCharacter/protagonist indeed is a bit clunky in movement, but thats realistic and in a few minutes u'll get quite comfortable and be just fineWill update as playthru progressesPS: compared to all latest so-called ""AAA"" title releases this one's at least silver if not gold"
76561198008045636,Recommended,480490,31630944,Posted: 8 May,all,Eichhorst,i really enjoyed this game it had a great story great gameplay and great sound. i am really starting to like Arkane Studios
,Recommended,480490,32991702,Posted: 29 June,all,Heaven or New Vegas,"Chris Avellone saves videogames once again.I can say it will defenitly be one of THOSE games, I mean THOSE, which future developers are looking to while creating their own.Prey is perfect in every aspect it is playing. Arcane managed to build something with unique design, and get a good ol` story about aliens and space station on next level with tips of Avellone`s storytelling. Plot is geniously brought together, characters are well-written, and visual design (not talking about graphics now, however they are really good in arcane-ish style (Dishonored series)) of Talos-1 is something on the same level with films of James Cameron and Ridley Scott. Every single object in game has it`s own style, which is in harmony with the rest, you really feel yourself on a space station in 2035. Dialogues.. eh, do I even need to say something after I said it is Chris Avellone`s game?As a person, who studies physics in university I can say this game made me smile about it is scientifcly logical a lot of times. Starting with simple explanation of recycle system working process and a lot of other things.Also, I think in Prey Arcane achieved their top in number of solutions for each sequence. I am talking about how you approach enemies, how you deal with them, options for level exploration, and a lot of it thanks to GLOO canon which is kinda-sorta blink from Dishonored.Must-play game. It provides unique experience in our days of enjoying finish a game sequence with something you thought by yourself. Thank you, Chris, for saving vidya once again.10/10."
,Recommended,480490,34324578,Posted: 18 August,all,Liquid Mantis,"I don't want to spoil a single bit of this game.If you enjoy stuff like System Shock 2, Bioshock 2, defintely a game for yu. (heh.)It's time to break the Mind Game, man."
,Recommended,480490,33177256,Posted: 3 July,all,Prf.ValianceTheQuestorOfAZ,A worthy heir to the System Shock style of games.
,Recommended,480490,31678583,Posted: 11 May,all,Lina Inverse,"Ignore me,I just cant stand the stupid negative reviews this game got from both media and gamers.Btw take your time don't rush,if you really want to grab the fun of it.(I know this apply to most games,but ESPECIALLY this one)"
76561198050688204,Recommended,480490,31616617,Posted: 7 May,all,Croooow,Instant Classic
,Recommended,480490,31551080,Posted: 4 May,all,ReD,"Where to begin?If you like the old school fps/rpg story driven atmospheric games that are not a 1 track linear path then this is the game for you!I will not include any spoilers as there are a few events that happen at the very start of the game that are extremely well done and will immediatley change your mind on the game it self as it does start off a little slow.You get a massive Bioshock meets Half Life vibe here.Enemies are cool and something new, they are called ""mimics"" and they can turn into ANY object in the environment meaning that literally anything can pop out and attack you.You have a wide range of fun weapons to use that have never really been used this way in a game before, the goo canon is really cool. You also have your trusty shotguns, pistols, etc. You also have grenades that can suck in random items in the environment and turn them into materials for crafting!You have crafting, you can make bullets, guns, medkits, tools, etc to help in your game.There is also upgrading your suit with mods, upgrading your personal skills in hacking, repairing, lifting, carrying, weapon abilities, crafting abilities, etc!Did I also mention the game is open ended to the point where you can do stuff as you see fit? Dont want to do the main objective... sure go ahead and take a different route. Locate the hidden items, unlock new areas, hack into someones quarters and steal their stuff. Its really up to you.So far, this is the best new FPS game I have played in YEARS!!11/10 would get scared ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ by a coffee mug again! :D"
,Recommended,480490,31640344,Posted: 8 May,all,Davis,"Hello! My Name is Davis with ""YayOrNay Game Review's""Today i will present the written review for the new game ""Prey""Starting off i will go over the Preformance of Prey, For myself i can run this game at a good framerate of around 50-70 fps,Moments in the game that the framerate will go below 50 are a tad bit odd, When i enter Morgan's office my framerate will tank to about 30 fps, this is very weird but easy to forget.I think overall you wont have a hard time running Prey, i know some people are thrown off with Arkane's past release's running very poorly on PC, but i promise this one is not like the others, this is a very good thing and i give arkane the green flag for making sure it ran good, even before release (I played about 10 hours before the offical launch) it was still running very well, so even before the day one patch the game was still very good in terms of framerate, thats how you know arkane did not just throw it together in a day with the day one patch.Overall you wont enconter many if not any preformance issue's.Now for the settings menu there's pretty much nothing to talk about, it is very straightforward with barebone settings, nothing impressive.Now i will explain how the controls work in Prey.Controls in Prey will not take any getting used to, maybe a bit but barely any at all, i knew almost all the important controls right off the bat, WASD Is the moving as you'd imagine, and aspects of the menu such as the Map,Neromods,Etc., Have their own Hotkeys on the keyboard (N-Neromods, M-Map and so on) i am a huge fan of this.Some may ask, Is Prey challenging? And i will say YES! i found myself always out of ammo in the worse times, always getting killed in important missions, its like the game kills you at the worst times and the worst times only!It may just be me but when im reviewing games i have 2 seprate saves in the game, one for the review, this one will be set on the easy setting so i can take in the game's world at a slow pace (For the review) and then a second for my own personal playthrough, this one is in the middle when it comes to difficlty,  now games dont allow you to have 2 save's for some odd reason, but prey Does! and 3 for that matter! im super happy for this!In term's of the amount of content Prey is Packing when you download it. im not sure if im just slow at playing, but im not yet DONE the game, but i have enough playtime to write a review, i have gone through all the major story sections i think, and right now i've already put in about 20 hours, thats expected from a game published by bethesda, but still this is a great thing, you will not be dissipointed by the content.For the diversity, prey is somewhat open world, but your not really on the planet so its somewhat limited, but the area's you can explore are huge, so it still gives you the feeling that the player is in control and you really are, you can go anywhere on the space station at any time, You in the middle of a hard mission? just run away! Nothings is stopping you.For the visuals in prey, i did run into some issues, draw distance in this game can get super weird, its hard to explain buti will show it in our video review when that comes out, other then that this game is nothing special in terms of the visuals, sure its pretty but nothing groundbreaking or anything that will make someone go ""WOW that looks so real!"" none of that, but this is easly looked over when it comes to the rest of the content,The sound in prey is hands down the best sound in a video game ive played to date, in combat the music feels super tense to give you that feeling that your really in a battle, when your hiding from something that is much more powerful then you the music will get very gretty and scary, Perfect for the setting, Depending on the situation your in the music will be diffrent, and i love this.For normal sound like gunshots, footsteps, and others. i wont say its anything groundbreaking but it is also very good.Thumbs up to arkane for the amazing sound in prey!For the area's on Talos-1 Each and every Area is just jawdropping, No seriously, i love it. Each area on talos-1 looks to be hand-crafted in every way, each mug,chair,window,desk. everything looks so perfectly placed.When you enter the lobby for the first time you will be blown away.For prey im glad to give this product a 9.7/10Overall i do think that prey is worth the money, here in Canada it runs you 79.99$ And i think it was worth every penny.Thank you for reading! it mean's alot to me!"
76561197973835911,Recommended,480490,34458088,Posted: 24 August,all,bazzeh,"An incredible game with some really clever ideas in the mix, but perhaps just falls slightly shy of the instant classic label.Story-wise it's got kind of a Half Life vibe (albeit the story here I think is better crafted - come at me internets :D); gameplay-wise it feels a lot like Deus Ex, plenty of big, open, connected hubs that all open up late game to allow for lots of side missions, collectible hunting, and backtracking to find all the secrets; in terms of atmosphere it has some genuinely creepy, and one or two out-right jump scare moments. I won't spoil one of the early game mechanics, but for the first couple of hours you'll probably feel incredibly paranoid. Oh, and the first big reveal in the game was fantastic. I went in thinking I knew what to expect but the game still had a few surprises.Pros:- Lots to explore, if you like games with a bunch of secrets you're in heaven. If you don't really care for that, the main story is crafted such that you can mostly ignore the secrets.- The environments are all realised very well, particularly transitioning from the interior to exterior, or pelting full speed down the G.U.T.S. tunnel that runs the length of the station in zero-G.- The enemy theme means they all look kind of samey, but there's a fair bit of variation in how they act/react and how you deal with them, particularly in the early stages when you often feel very underpowered and taking down a phantom is a real achievement.- Although there's not a huge weapon variety, there are some fun additions to the usual pistols and shotguns - I really like the Gloo Gun (the secret-hunter's weapon of choice allowing you to create paths up sheer walls to reach hidden air vents and the like, which is usually rewarded by the game) and the recycler grenades, which do a nice job of turning enemies, furniture, and even you, into cubes of raw materials for crafting.- In addition to the weapons, the alien powers you can choose to upgrade with are a lot of fun, allowing you to disguise yourself as furniture (prop-hunt style), lift enemies into the air, or even raise corpses to fight for you.- The recycling/crafting system is really clever. You never really have to worry about filling your inventory with bad items because everything can be thrown into the recycling machine, turned into raw materials, then used to print something you really need.- There's some great voice work in here. Nobody felt like they were just phoning it in, even though there are dozens and dozens of audio logs.- If you're an achievement hunter worried at the prospect of yet more ""find every person/audio log/email"" quest chains (all three are achievements here), then fear not. Despite the achievement saying you need to find every one, the developers have actually generously relaxed what qualifies. For instance, when I unlocked the find every person achievement I still had a whole hub on the map left to explore, with probably a dozen people still to find. Likewise I unlocked the other two on my first regular playthrough without really going too far outside the main story, and I still managed to find a bunch more emails and logs after I'd unlocked the achievements. You also get full in-game records of all three to help you track how far along you are. I wish more games that had these ""find X of X"" achievements took a page out of Prey's book, nothing sucks more than spending hours tracking down in-game items only to miss out because you overlooked one out of a hundred and have no way of finding out which one you missed.Cons:- I had a few crashes. Probably 6-8 over the course of three full playthroughs. Not terrible and certainly not enough to cause me to not recommend the game, but worth bearing in mind as YMMV.- While some of the weapons and powers are interesting, others are just the core mainstay of FPS games and some of the combat felt a little wishy-washy to me. This is not helped by the enemy design, and the fact that some enemies can teleport around, often making it feel like your weapons aren't giving you the impactful feedback you'd expect in a shooter. The game really shines in the stealth and exploration areas, in shooting I'd say it's mostly just okay, nothing to write home about.- While I enjoyed the exploration aspects, if you're doing multiple playthroughs (which you will need to do if you want to see the different endings, albeit they're not that different) there are a couple of sections where it gets a bit fetch-quest heavy and this slows the gameplay flow down. Like, you'll have to hunt around for certain items, or someone at location A asks you to do something at B, but when you get there you find you need something from C, but to access C you first have to go do something else at D... you get the point.- Since I mentioned achievements in the positives, there's also the negative that you'll have to do a minimum of two playthroughs to get them all (with some save-scumming to be able to get the no human powers/no alien powers/no powers at all trio), and some of them are counter-intuitive (like awkward ride home, which requires you and one other person to make it out of the game alive, but there's a third person whom, if killed too early, prevents the second person from joining you at the end... there's no way to know that on an initial playthrough meaning probably another playthrough using a guide is in your future). If you use a guide you can defnitely get everything in two playthroughs. I did it in three, which I feel was a good compromise, because I got to experience the game fresh the first time, and that prepared me for the story and everything I needed to look out for when doing runs #2 and #3.Overall it's a solid recommendation, particularly if you can grab it on sale (it's half-price as I write this)."
76561198301867054,Not Recommended,480490,34075836,Posted: 6 August,all,rangerDanger,It's kinda fun but I got bored like halfway through the game and never finished it. Killing enemies never felt satisfying to me. Being able to just pause time and heal yourself or use super strong powers just made the game feel like a super easy noob adventure. The upgrades are kinda cool and keep you interested for a bit if you're into that. Didn't keep me for very long though.
,Recommended,480490,33204462,Posted: 3 July,all,Zorin,"A shining example of old game design mixed with new+++ Stunning environment, pretty much perfect. You can't beat this game's atmosphere (slightly ironically)++ Pretty good story, keeps you invested and wanting to find out more++ Many, many neuromods which will warrant multiple playthroughs++ Top notch intro+ Good inventory/crafting system+ Varied enemies+ Fitting soundtrack, created by the same guy who did DOOM's music if you can believe it+ Surprisingly human characters~ Respawning enemies, can only loot things once. This isn't inherently negative or positive, just be aware that killing everything and anything with bullets won't necessarily work. Also, keep an eye on health kits and suit repair kits- Low quality audio for voice lines when you talk to people. Not a huge deal, just unimmerses for a secondOverall, it's well worth a purchase even at £40/$60. Great game."
76561198118498724,Recommended,480490,31568076,Posted: 5 May,all,Keith Hodge,I'm only a few hours into the game and I can already tell I'm going to love it all the way through.  The game reminds me of bioshock and dead space but it is not just a rip off of those games. It is unique and a very fun FPS horror.  I absolutely recommend getting it.
,Recommended,480490,31732260,Posted: 13 May,all,twitch.tv/djslate,"Pros -Amazing optimization.Beatiful and believable landscape/environment.Unique and cool abilities.Learning curve is high and difficulty is harder than expected, which may be considered a con. Depends on the playerCons -I feel like the resource gathering in the game is imbalanced. It feels like you need to gather a ton in order to kill one mob. There are other ways to kill or get past mobs, you just have to tech into them. I feel like they don't give you enough of a warning though. On harder difficulties, it feel a lot more tedious than it should.Overall this is an amazing game and keeps me wanting to play it. It's all I've been streaming since I bought it. I think it's worth full price as I already put at least 20 hours into it and nowhere near done."
,Recommended,480490,31561709,Posted: 5 May,all,Saturn,"EDIT: After finishing the game I cannot recommend this enough. The story is really subtle at first but picks up later on, and is, from my point of view, superbly crafted. There are so many little hints at bigger things, and some pieces of information that simply lead you into a spiral of speculation. It is also a game that rewards exploring everything, which is really nice to see.Amazing game from what I've played so far.It is incredibly immersive, and also at times very terrifying because of this immersion. The sounds/music really amplify this feeling of dread too. Also, you have a body when you look down, which really seems rare in a lot of first-person games, but also greatly adds to player immersion.The game runs smoothly for me and seems very well-optimised, which is a nice thing to have, considering how often AAA titles for PC perform like garbage. The game also looks great and the animations are spot-on.The gameplay itself is very dependable on what kind of player you are, since you can always take several approaches to how you deal with enemies: charge head-on, sneak attack, avoid them completely, combine various weapons/abilities, and so on.To further this great variety in choices the game also allows you to go whichever way you want, which is enforced by your skill choices, like for example, going a certain direction requires x amount of points in Hacking, Leverage, Repairing, etc. This kind of player-choice-driven progression is very appealing to me, since it reminds me of older games that I loved, where you need certain things to access a part of the map in a zone you have already been in.The only problem I have with the game right now, is the fact that there is no Field-of-View slider in the options menu. The game seems to be locked to something like 80 or so, and I know that for some people who get motion sick at low FoVs this will be a deal-breaker. The lack of this could either just be laziness, which does not seem like it, considering how the rest of the game has great attention to detail, so I am guessing the FoV is likely tied to certain mechanics and changing it might break parts of the game, causing the player model to clip and so forth.It makes me kind of sad that this game is not receiving as much attention as it deserves, but I also do think that the trailers highly misrepresent what the game is like, touting it as an almost guns-blazing kind of action game, when in fact that kind of gameplay is severely punished, as even the tiniest enemies can annihilate you.I am not exactly sure what kind of games to compare it to, since it has elements reminiscent of Alien Isolation at times and then Half-Life 2 at other times, and then sometimes just completely unrelateable to any games I have played.If you like everything I have mentioned so far, then this is likely a game you would enjoy immensely."
,Recommended,480490,31646914,Posted: 9 May,all,The Emperor Provides,Yes.
76561198125011291,Recommended,480490,31650122,Posted: 9 May,all,R.A.F.,"Overall : 8.5/10I had a lot of fun playing!Graphics : 8/10Game looks very nice. Plants in one room look a bit off.Optimization : 9.5/10Very well optimized, 90-100 fps on 1440p-high on a gtx 980 (overclocked). One room gave me frame drops to 25-40.Story : 9/10Good story with unforseen plot twists. A lot of side missions are also available.Length : 6/1017 hours on nightmare difficulty (hardest), with a lot of exploringI had hoped for 50-60 hours for 60 eurosReplayablity : 8/10On this playthrough i used a lot of neuromods. I think it will be nice to play only with human-, typhon- or no abilities .Some areas will probably remain unexplored for now.Some sidemissions are not completed yet ...Mulitiple endings exists ..."
76561198261499209,Recommended,480490,31556759,Posted: 5 May,all,Scrub hunter the 2nd,"Hello, WOW. What can I say? This game is absolutley phenomenal. I could not take my eyes off the screen. This game rewards players who use their nogin! This is not the new Doom. This game is where people who love to take their own way and for those who have always wanted to just ""go over to that spot"" in a specific mission in their old RPG FPS but couldnt. Well now you can ""go over there"". The enemies are challenging enough where you wont predict them but you can defeat them if you use the environment around you. That last part is key. You cannot defeat a and enemy (Typhon)in this game without utilizing your environment. I saved precious ammo by throwing gas canisters at an enemy and I felt great about it! The levels can be restrictive in the sense that you may need an abylity that you could not possibly have early game but finding a way around is always satisfying and coming back, yes you can do that, is great. I was wondering about in my space suit just ya know, going for a stroll, and I found a beam accelirator on accident! What is does is speed up your enemies particles and makes their atoms break and they go BOOM! Also, this game had me feeling like a scientist and not a space marine. I found myself using a device which learns how the enemies behave and then allowing you to steal abylities. I had to go around looking for enemies, stunning them just as a safari scientist would shoot an eliphant with a tranq gun, and then scan them! It added so much just by doing that! It also makes me feel bad♥♥♥♥♥when I pull the scanner up. I feel like a special operator or some lone bad♥♥♥♥♥scanning a room for enemies since its pretty good at that too! The only complaint I and a friend had was that the game didnt run super well. I am able to play Alien Isolation at max setting and still get 100 fps but this game took me down to around 45 50. Still very playable and I never noticed it hidering my absolute immersion. I would reccoment to anyone who wants to use their brain in a game!!"
,Recommended,480490,33017630,Posted: 29 June,all,Chinese Mike,"The game feels a lot like the original Mass Effect in its lack of fine tuning polish, but riddled with charm.Prey plays a lot like Bioshock did. You start out weak and scared of your surrondings, and at the end you're running aruond blowing everything to Kingdom Come. The game seems a bit long, as you're at the face stomping level for a good portion of the ending which can start to get a bit boring, but the pacing until that happens is pretty good. I think the hardest part of the game is the resource management. Throughout the game the player keeps running into progressivly more and more enemies. Early game through the mid game is fine, but towards the end of the game, it becomes difficult to craft enough ammo to keep up with the enemies. I can immage a player with silghtly worse aiming skills easily running out.The game does a good job at getting the player to empythize and understand the NPCs, even when the player character does not talk, and tells a thought provoking story in the process. The story is well paced as the player tries to figure out where they are and what's happening, and has you exploring new areas until the end.Prey is one of my favorite games I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,480490,31676667,Posted: 10 May,all,Major Jager,"I didn't think I would pre-order this but at last min the australians started to put up reviews and I went for it. It has been a very long time since I've played a game this amazing. I would write a pros and cons review but I can't think of any cons. This has had a very solid release, no bugs for me yet. At the 15 hr mark and I feel like I have barely made a dent in the story. There are enough sidequests to keep you busy for hours beyond hours. There is one part where you are in a zero grav tunnel and it then takes you to a even bigger tunnel network for cargo and you can easily get lost while flipping around, shooting things, and just floating around collecting things. Another thing is that everything looks so pretty and runs so smoothly. I only wish there were more weapons, they try to make up for that lack with powers (kinda like plasmids in bioshock) but if you are running a playthru where you don't wanna spec into alien powers then you will be rocking a pistol, shotgun, and gloogun. I highly recommend this game, Best single player game I've played since bioshock 2."
76561198049934592,Recommended,480490,34363787,Posted: 19 August,all,Spacehamster,"Not much of a review except that after almost 16 hours I'm blown away by this game. In the beginning I expected some kind of Dishonored (same devs), which is one of my favourite and was kinda disappointed. But wow Prey turns out to be amazing!This game is an awesome mixture of Dishonored, Bioshock, Alien Isolation and kind of the movies Matrix and Inception."
,Recommended,480490,32879952,Posted: 27 June,all,Dionysia,I haven't finished this game yet but it is very fun so far more difficult than the average shooter.  Great interface and replayability.
76561197970739339,Recommended,480490,34388390,Posted: 20 August,all,Captain Chaos,"Prey has been on my radar since it was first announced, and I was skeptical given that this was fresh off the cancellation of Prey 2, and this game has only superficial similarity to the 2007 game. I'm actually still a bit irked that this game has the same name, when It could have been called pretty much anything else and been just as good.Regardless, the recent PC demo release and half-off sale convinced me to try and then buy the game, and I have to say I'm impressed. This is probably the best major studio release I've played this year and certainly of the same caliber as the Bioshock series, with which it shares a lineage of exploration-based progression, or what Warren Spector nondescriptively called ""interactive sims"", descended from the oft-discussed System Shock. It's even set on a space station, and its ""neo-deco"" aesthetic reminds one strongly of the first 2 Bioshocks.In the 1950s, Soviet cosmonauts encounter and are killed by a hostile alien lifeform- the Typhon. In a panic, the Soviet government reaches out to the US and they work together to build a space station, the Kletka, openly for peaceful purposes but secretly to contain and study the Typhon, but after an outbreak in the 80s, the station was shut down. Thereafter, its bought up by a corporation called Transtar, with the intent of continuing said research. Fast forward to 2032. You are Morgan Yu, a scientist working on the station, now called Talos 1, and the Typhon have escaped containment once again- but this time, things are much, much worse.If you've played any of the games I mentioned before, or Deus Ex, or even Dishonored, Arkane's earlier success, You'll know what to expect, and you'll get something arguably better. Especially where Dishonored is concerned. The stealth mechanics of this game are so much improved from Dishonored that you'd scarcely think they were developed by the same studio. As an FPS, Prey handles extremely well. Controls are responsive, most actions are intuitive and the game's systems are explained very naturally. Load times are fairly speedy as well. You can even lean around corners! The double jumping can get a little wonky at times, though, the booster is very squirreley. From the beginning of the game, you are free to wander much of Talos 1, including wandering about its exterior in zero-g, though it takes some time for the station to open up completely. You begin with a humble pipe wrench with which to to fend off the game's most basic enemy- the Mimic, a spidery, shadowy creepy-crawler that, as the name suggests, can disguise itself as mundane objects to fool you into coming too close. But very quickly you will begin to encounter larger, more dangerous Typhon types, many with deadly psionic abilities, and your first few battles will introduce you to the fact that while Prey is easy to pick up, it's not exactly a cakewalk. Enemies are not altogether numerous, but they are very dangerous. Early on, even the Mimics can nip you to death quickly, and they're hard to pin down- they'll dodge, they'll run away and disguise themselves, and generally avoid coming at you head on. The larger enemies, such as the humanoid Phantoms, are more aggressive, and will blast you with their powers as they close the distance. Even in the endgame, if you don't pay attention to your health and suit durability, you might be looking at a game over screen sooner then you realize.Like its predecessors, Prey is not a run-and-gun boomfest but a game of exploration, resource conservation and using creative, or at least cunning and mean, solutions to problems. Say you're trying to get into a room that has a locked door. You could go find the keycard or password, hack the keypad, break the window and use the foam dart crossbow to hit the button, or use a power- or just look for an air vent. The first rule is to grab everthing that fits into your inventory. You'll find lots of things to pick up- several different guns, ammo, health kits, suit repair kits, chipsets, psi hypos, upgrade kits, grenades, food, neuromods, and lots and lots of junk. You can throw anything you want into recycling machines and then use the processed materials to build stuff at fabricators, though'll you'll need to find the plans for a given type of item first. In this manner, you can get more of what you need and get rid of excess other items, as well as all that junk.You can use the upgrade kits to improve your guns and install chipsets in your spacesuit to give various buffs, but to really give you an edge, you'll need to use the neuromods- injectors that insert the information to perform a skill directly into your brain. Like the plasmids and vigors of Bioshock, these precious items are both a major plot element and your means of progression, and every effort should be made to find or manufacture them- you'll get more then you might think if you're thorough, enough for 75% of the skills, I'm told. These skills are divided into several categories. At first you can get Science, such as hacking and more health from kits and food, Engineering, such as repair, inventory space and wrench damage upgrades, and Security, such as more damage with the pistol and shotgun, more health and stamina, or more damage from sneak attacks. Soon enough however, you acquire a piece of headgear called a Psychoscope (which has its own set of chipset slots, im partial to the one that gives you regenerating Psi energy) that allows you to scan the Typhon, and learn about their psychic powers, allowing you to obtain Energy, Morph or Telepathy abilities. Notably, you can do anything the Typhon can do: Mimic objects, flash step, project columns of fire or blasts of electricity, or simply assault their minds directly with Psychoshock. It's an old, tried and true method: To defeat your enemy, you must become them. Invest enough neuromods, and you can become the most dangerous thing on the station.Aside from inventory items, you can also find the usual collectables: audio logs, emails, keycards. There's a lot of these to find, even for a game of this type, and a lot of bodies, with achivements for finding most of each- including the bodies (Not the keycards though.) That's right, MOST, not all. Some of these will begin secondary quests that if completed will typically result in more valuable items, including the precious neuromods. You can also encounter friendly drones, called Operators, which can restore you health, armor or Psi if interacted with- watch out though, some are corrupted and will attack you on sight.Prey is both a lengthy and dense experience and took me well over thirty hours to complete, and I was intensely interested for the duration, but I do have a few complaints. There are some quest-breaking bugs. I've heard about more of them then I encountered, but one of them caused the ""Treasure Map"" side quest to break completely, meaning I missed out on a particuarly powerful suit chipset. It also has some issues with its sound design and lighting. Certain audio effects and voices can be extremely loud one instant, only for you to turn a corner and have them cut off completely, with no gradation between. Also, more so then even a lot of other first-person survival games, the difference between the light and dark areas in some levels is so stark that I completely missed some items and stumbled across them by accident later. Also, the flashlight is honestly too bright, blotting everything in your vision with its glare. I fiddled with the brightness setting multiple times over the course of my run and never got it where I wanted it. It could be an issue with my monitor, which is a bit dark to begin with, but who knows.These are nitpicks, though. Prey is an engrossing and mostly technically competent experience and hits a lot of notes for me both in its writing and its gameplay, and struck me afterwards as similar to Metroid Prime. I encourage anyone who enjoys FPS or survival games to try the demo."
76561198021365556,Recommended,480490,32695609,Posted: 23 June,all,Rajatapaus,"Bought this from summersale and it sucked me right in. This is one of those rare games which hooks you right from start (beginning is brilliant, very easy to spoil so no more about that) and what was wonderful to notice, it actually is challenging unlike many other new games. It also does not have frustrating handholding elements and it lets you discover things and choose your approach to various  quest objectives. Just prepare for  backtracking, spacestation is big but navigating there is easy, thanks to good mapping system and excellent level design you are rarely lost on this game.Controls are fluid and user interface is carefully crafted, everything just works and controls feels familiar right after start.Combat feels bit off though (at least firearms and melee at beginning before any upgrades), so if you're looking for carefully crafted shooter this game is definetely not for you! Wits is your primary weapon and using all those tools provided by enviroment and crafting stuff is the other important part to means for survival when things get tough.As others have writed on their user reviews, this is basically System Shock III. Atmosphere is very good, though not as scary than previous System Shock games, guess part of it is lightning which is quite bright whole time on Prey.  If you are fan of this genre get it from sales now, you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,480490,34413710,Posted: 22 August,all,PrettyP1nk,"Wow, what a game.I know nothing about the orignal Prey, so I'm not one of those ppl that wished for Prey 2 over a rebooted game. I do know my stuff when it comes to AAA games though, and Prey will prob be my fav game of 2017. Prey is also one of the most immersive games I've played in a long time, and I constantly feel like I quite frankly am the prey, which is very unlike the typical super-powerful-god-man-can't-die games we have these days. The gameplay is unlike anything else, with a mix of sneaking around and shooting. It doesn't force you to clear the level before you can move on either, which I love. But what really sells this game is the story. You will find notes from coworkers talking to eachother, emails that point to some hidden loot, and more. I wasn't sure about this game when it first came out, but I can assure you, once you start playing you won't want to stop.Also, unlike the past few games by these devs, (Dishonored 2 for instance) Prey runs very well, with minmal bugs.Little tip. Don't try and speed run the game, or you will miss SO much of it. I'm not saying you need to search every room, but feel free to take your time. It will reward you :)9.8/10"
,Recommended,480490,34316441,Posted: 17 August,all,kuma,9/10+ Great story and lore+ Excellent characters+ Multiple builds possible+ Exploration is amazing with a lot of optional side areas+ Replayability+ You can do things in very interesting ways that you wouldn't think of at first+ Good progression system- Space exterior sidequests make me want to eat my own face- Face textures break immersion sometimes (quite bad compared to everything else)Story and lore are SOMA level and combat is the classic FPS with grenades and some abilities.Highly recommended.
,Recommended,480490,34296573,Posted: 16 August,all,Taedren,"Prey encapsulates the reason I play video games. It provides a well told (although cliché) story, in a dense, impressively forged setting, that allows mechanical depth and player expression for both movement and combat. Might not be for everyone, but if you do get invested, it provides a unique experience that isn't commonly seen with recent releases.Even with some design flaws and some general bugs, Prey is probably the best game I have played in years."
,Recommended,480490,34367386,Posted: 20 August,all,Elton Prester John,"There are only a number of games where I fell in love with the world, and wanted to soak up every moment of my first time playing through it. Thanks for making this, it's truly heartwarming. You're my favorite pulp sci-fi novel never written made manifest. Also, thank you for not underestimaiting your audience."
,Recommended,480490,32606913,Posted: 20 June,all,ollie zoop,"I don't normally trust Bethesda in general after Fallout 4, so I was hesitant to play this and was hovering over the proverbial refund button for a bit, but after a few hours, it really started to grab me. Goddamn this game is good. If you enjoy Bioshock, Deus Ex Human Revolution, or Dead Space, you'll probably find a great deal to love here."
,Recommended,480490,32656536,Posted: 22 June,all,Almanac,"Fantasitic spiritual successor to System Shock 2. Great level design and intriguing story, but combat could stand to be more balanced and engaging."
76561198024630019,Recommended,480490,34343831,Posted: 18 August,all,AtheosisX,"This game is downright incredible.  It's hard for me to comprehend how it only got decent to mediocre ratings from so many review sites.  I guess you can't expect good reviews when you don't give reviewers early access.  Good job Bethesda.  Anyway if you like Bioshock, System Shock, or the old Deus Ex games this is pretty much tailor made for you.  Truth be told, this game is greater than the sum of its parts, so it's flaws (mediocre graphics and mediocre combat mostly) just don't matter.  If you enjoy first person games that are about thinking rather than endless combat this game is for you."
76561198054236506,Recommended,480490,31611955,Posted: 7 May,all,Er samt ekki maður  hellcase.com,1020
76561198196105707,Recommended,480490,34408605,Posted: 21 August,all,Nova,"If games like Bioshock, Deus Ex or Dishonored are on your must play list, add this game to that list immediately. Its outstanding on every level."
,Recommended,480490,32347012,Posted: 11 June,all,Kelso,"There are a lot of ways I could describe Prey. It is intelligent, complex, emotional and brutal at times. It makes you think, it gives you time to explore and appretiate both it's fantastic level design and beautiful art direction, and it provides some fantastic action-packed sequences with a lot of variety throughout.There is a concept thrown arround when discussing games like System Shock, Deus Ex and Bioshock: The Thinking-Man's Shooter. Prey manages in every sense of the word to live up to the herritage of both the concept, and what you could consider to be a genre in itself by now. Past these more obvious parallels, you can definitely see a lot of resemblances with Arkane's other stellar franchise, Dishonored, as well.In Prey, you are essentially let lose on a space station on the brink of chaos and you are asked to solve a range of situations, both immediate and some that are more subtle. How you approach those situations is a very complex question, there are always a number of paths to take, choices to make, and encounters to handle (or avoid). The systems available to the player are also incredibly broad, allowing a lot of freedom in both how you approach practical problems in the world as well as combat.Arkane has also opted to move over to CryEngine rather than reusing the in-house developed Void engine they used for Dishonored 2. It is definitely a more stable platform for the game, as a lot of players reported perforamnce problems when Dishonored 2 launched, yet with the move they also managed to keep their unique visual design intact. A lot of the time, especially when interacting with other people on the station, you can see the same art design living through to this game.If Dishonored was a modern interpretation of Thief, then Prey is definitely the reimagining of System Shock that it deserved. In both these examples, Arkane has managed to take the core of each experience and added a touch of modern senibilities to the mix, giving the mechanics a breath of fresh air. If we are to judge the fact that the new Thief game released in 2014 fell almost completely flat on it's face in comparisson to Dishonored, I would be very cautious of the eventual System Shock 3. Arkane has, once again, beaten it to the punch and provided a stiff challenge to overcome.I definitely look forward to seeing what Arkane descides to do next, I can't help but get giddy at the thought of playing their next game, no matter what it might end up being."
76561198311620705,Recommended,480490,33235674,Posted: 4 July,all,PLUDACRIS,"Buy this game if you like being immersed. Turn settings down a notch for better FPS, and its a very enjoyable experience. Top 35 best games I have ever played"
76561198365989130,Recommended,480490,31613213,Posted: 7 May,all,LieutenantTent,"One of the best FPS games I have played in awhile. Graphics, Gameplay, and Story will have you jumping out of your seat in no time. Highly recommended and worth the price."
,Recommended,480490,34282901,Posted: 16 August,all,bazmod,Amazing game.  Very much a modern day System Shock 2.  Evryone should give this a go!
,Recommended,480490,32778880,Posted: 25 June,all,cardibfan13,"playing on nightmare difficultywas low on health saw a banana,banana was a mimic and killed menow im afraid of bananas"
,Recommended,480490,32837847,Posted: 26 June,all,Sgt.Derp. #FouchingRatard,"Papa Bear had noticed that the download speed of their games on steam was very slow due to the steam sale. So, Papa Bear suggested that the family go on a walk to through the forest while their games downloaded.Mama and Baby bear agreed and the whole family left their home and into the forest.While the family was gone, a little girl by the name of Goldie locks wondered into the Bear's Family home. Goldie locks noticed 3 computers with newly downloaded steam games on them.Goldie locks went onto Papa's computer and played a game called ""System Shock 2."" She had a lot of fun but found the game to be dated, clunky and a little too complicated.Goldie locks then when onto Mama Bear's Computer next, She found a game called ""Bioshock."" Again Goldie greatly enjoyed the game but found it to be a bit simple for a RPG and missed the depth and intuitiveness of ""System Shock 2.""Then Goldie went onto Baby Bear's computer and found a game called ""Prey."" The game was  immesly fun, so much fun she posted a steam review that only consisted of the words ""Just Right.""Then she went on to have so much fun she didnt even notice that the Bear family had returned and they promptly devoured her."
,Recommended,480490,34298234,Posted: 16 August,all,phantom_,"The last time I enjoyed a single player campaign so much was when I played the original Deus Ex for the first time in 2001 or 2002. This game is so polished and well built. One of these games that make you feel sad after it ends. Buy it now, don't waste time."
76561198006678287,Recommended,480490,31579169,Posted: 6 May,all,[TC] FOCKE-WULF,"I actually prefer this to Bioshock. A very pleasant surprise. The story is great, the gameplay is great, the sound is great. It all meshes together as you unlock more and more abilities.It really is a combination of Bioshock and Deus Ex with a Dark Souls type of level design.I'd rate it a 9/10"
76561198083789713,Recommended,480490,31674804,Posted: 10 May,all,izzy,AWSOME
,Recommended,480490,33422383,Posted: 9 July,all,dotmλn4114,Talk about a game that does everything right
,Recommended,480490,34610882,Posted: 30 August,all,Negan,Not for people with heart conditions. 11/10 :D
,Recommended,480490,31550480,Posted: 4 May,all,iSola ✘,"★★★★★ 5/5TLDR;MIMIC THIS!Also, make sure you have lots of tissues to wipe away tears and clean your pants.☺Pros- Map feels so, so extensive, even after only a few hours of gameplay.- Exploring and looting is worthwhile and fun.- Combat is smart and non-repetitive.- Art style is incredibly pretty and works with the gameplay.- Lots of trippy sh*t that is just smart.- Crafting is fun and worthwhile.☹Cons- ONLY issue so far was a GUI bug where the 'PREY' overlay stayed on my screen despite saving/loading/tabbing out etc.I'll update this review regularly. :)"
,Recommended,480490,31556045,Posted: 5 May,all,McLovinz ʕಠᴥಠʔ,"This game has blown my mind so far.The story is deep, and intriguing, just what you'd expect from Chris Avellone.At first the combat is clunky feeling, but boy, 4 hours in and i'm taking down Typhons like a professional.The level design is huge and sprawling, with freedom in the way of rogue-likes.There's tons of side objectives and missions, and with 3 main floors to the station, and an outside to explore, you're in for a real good time if you're a completionist.This is all topped off with amazing world building through text, audio logs, and environment detail.The halls scream atmosphere, and so does the towel skittering acrossed the floor as I read a computer terminal.I have not felt this feeling since playing through the first BioShock.Just a sense of wonder complimented by uneasiness and the sense you are being toyed with by everyone who claim to be helping you, all tied up nicely with interesting combat mechanics.The one single problem I have had with this game (it runs great too!) is a few lock-up crashes. I have not seen any in awhile though.Until I beat the game and think otherwise, this is a solid 10 in my book.Like SOMA if it had guns and played the frisky disco with System Shock 2."
,Recommended,480490,31609716,Posted: 7 May,all,Doppler,"As somebody who loves the Bioshock series and System Shock, this is just what the doctor ordered. Similarities that bring back good memories are abundant, but unique in some ways as well.There is nothing revolutionary here that I think of. But I think Prey took a lot of known working components and put together a brilliant package that is well worth a purchase."
,Recommended,480490,34491635,Posted: 25 August,all,Lowmer,"This game has quickly become one of my most favourite games everYou must get this game if you enjoy;Immersive Sims (Dishonored, Deus Ex)A Coherent Interconnected World (Dark Souls, Metroid,)A story rich conspiracyEnvironmental StorytellingOpen ended problemsPrey is an absolutely terrifying, immensely rewarding and intricately crafted experience.I felt like I was in a tunnel, with only one way out - with each revelation I'd question my understanding of what was happening.Should I trust this person? Who's contacting me? Am I even real?Pacing mechanically and storywise is top notch, every new problem is open to many solutions and the game gives you a lot to play with.Stuff that I Did- I wanted to break into the director's office at the top of the station. The lift was broken, so I scaled the wall with a glue gun, slowly inching my way up.- I turned into a banana to fit through a gap to open a security door.- I needed materials, so I gathered the corpses of my crewmates into a corner and sucked them into a recycling grenade, (sorry friends :( )- I used a nerf gun to lure an enemy into exploding itself.Please don't write this game off like I did.Grab it now whilst it's on sale!"
76561198154326857,Recommended,480490,31678710,Posted: 11 May,all,Feartherider,Been playing for over 48 hours now... Still gets scared by mimics that pop out of nowhere. 7/5 - Best Game
76561197961737040,Recommended,480490,34384903,Posted: 20 August,all,vigg,"If you liked system shock 2, bioshock, or any of the deus ex games, then you will like this game."
,Recommended,480490,34417537,Posted: 22 August,all,Beemo,"Prey is exactly the game I wanted out of a spiritual successor to the System Shock series (specifically the second game), Made by Arkane Studios, creators of the Dishonored series and older classics like Arx Fatalis and Dark Messiah of Might and Magic. In terms of gameplay, this truly is everything that has made games like System Shock 2, Deus Ex and Bioshock great without unnecesary and shallow simplification. In fact I would argue that in terms of gameplay, Prey surpasses its predecessors. Your range of options for dealing with any situation are wide and yet listing them here would ruin much of the discovery a new player experiences in finding the many applications your tools and abilities have. This same principle applies to combat too.Talos One feels like a real place thanks to the hard work by the devs, and exploring it will reward you with information and lore about the vast research station. Each location aboard Talos One is interconected and matches its position when you venture outside the station, lending it a sort of 3D physicality that is rare in games. By this I mean you could plot the station out on a map and everything would fit and be in the right place. That alone is incredibly impressive.The story of this game is equally deep, with moral and ethical quandries that i'm still thinking about, the best of which undoubtedly being how the game handles the neuromods that are essentially the equivalent of experience points or the cyber modules from System Shock 2. These come with some unfortunate side-effects for anyone who uses them. Upon removal of said neuromods, the person's memory is reset to the point of their installation, and repeated installation and uninstallation of the mods causes the person's personality to shift drastically. The question the game poses, then, is whether or not the original or subsequent versions of a person is the real or valid one. And despite the fact that I guessed the ending early into the game, it was still massively satisfying.Its flaws are mainly due to its rushed nature, I experienced a few bugs throughout my 25-hour playthrough, including typhon trapped in the walls, one quest refusing to resolve and the same audio log playing when I hit T. But these flaws do not come close to outweighing the many great aspects of this game.Buy this game, because in terms of sales it did not do well, and a game this good is honestly rare."
,Recommended,480490,33191468,Posted: 3 July,all,[EX] Blarg227,I really enjoyed my time with this game.
,Recommended,480490,33256928,Posted: 4 July,all,Social Media Influencer,pretty good game
,Recommended,480490,31563731,Posted: 5 May,all,Druscylla,"My thoughts so far:I've been playing for about 2 hours. So far, the game runs beautifully - minus a couple of short freezes and my weapon going invisible for 30 sec. The game set my default settings on medium, which I bumped up to high and am still getting 75 fps on a mid-range PC. GTX 970 and a 6300 AMD processor so I wasn't sure how well it would run but it seems to be doing well. No screen tearing with a 144Hz monitor.The game is enjoyable so far, kind of reminiscent of Bioshock and Dishonored in terms of find upgrade thing, upgrade the thing. Slightly jump-scary, not overly complicated combat to begin with. Material farming slightly annoying. Game freezes for about 45 sec at times - this is possibly Windows 10 since it's a potato that does this to me on occasion a lot. However, this game seems to cause the 100% CPU thing in Windows to happen more often. And it is almost inevitable that when it freezes, I'm standing in a location where the music is loud and shrill, there is an alarm or Inception BWONG playing on a loop :( The freezing gets worse the longer I play so there may be a memory leak or something going on.So been playing a lot more. The freezes are worsening as my play goes on. I've done the suggested things minus rolling back my driver 400 times because REALLY? and it's increasing in frequency as I play. I round a corner - freeze. I aggro enemy - freeze. I open a door - freeze. It's gotten more aggravating and is making the experience a lot less enjoyable :(I will play more and update with any relevant information as I go :D"
,Recommended,480490,31652614,Posted: 9 May,all,Traeger,"Prey took many aspects from other successful games and used them well.The best aspect of the game for me was the story. It kept me interested almost all the way and you will be motivated to do some side missions just out of interest. It was a refreshing, somewhat original story that left a very good taste in my mouth by the end of it.The upgrading and crafting system is good albeit awkward at times. I had fun just exploring looking for supplies and diagrams for new items to make in a fabricator. It would be nice if the recycler duplication glitch was fixed by the time I played this, and if you could make multiple items at once, but still it's very intiutive and fun. Neuromods are a great system with excellent story ties. The typhon neuromods are not really worth it though. Really you should only pick up one or two if you're trying your best to survive combat, but even then the game punishes you in many ways for owning just one. The nightmare is a very backwards mechanic, which brings me to my next point.The combat. I've seen much worse but most of the time, the creativity that arkane tried to imply I feel usually just led to frustration. Most of the time I would end up shooting all of my ammo into one enemy, such as the nightmare or the telepath, for a side quest to be complete - only to end up having no ammo for anything else. It makes exploring very fun and rewarding but it got frustrating trying to kill elemental phantoms with a wrench since a lot of the time I had no other option. I didin't feel bad using the recycler duplication glitch after a while.Prey could have done many things wrong and been horrible - but once again Arkane studios has made a good game. If you really like Dishonored, System shock or Dead Space, and appreciate a visionary story, definitely try Prey."
,Recommended,480490,34700613,Posted: 2 September,all,korea><(('>,fantasticworth your money
,Not Recommended,480490,33960838,Posted: 1 August,all,aKa AuGiE,"I'm not one to write long and thorough reviews, so I'll spare you the time and just get down to the grit of it. I just finished my first (and likely only) play through of this game and it was just an overwhelmingly UNDERwhelming experience. While the story COULD have been captivating, the game fails to be even remotely immersive due to completely illogical mapping and quest navigation that always leaves you wondering, ""What the hell am I supposed to do next?""That is my biggest problem with the game. The maps are downright terrible, and quest markers are even worse, to the point where I just activated all of my quests and ran around randomly hoping to bump into side quests. Needless to say, this does not make for an enjoyable experience overall.The combat is less than satisfying. While I did really enjoy the Typhon abilities (which I suppos you could say are ""optional"" - you'll see what I mean if you give the game a go), the rest of combat was tedious, mostly because the Typhon don't have a real physical ""form"", so you don't get that satisfying feeling of blasting through an enemy with a shotgun and seeing him explode into a million pieces. Yeah, sounds like a pedantic critique, but for anyone who has fought Prometheans in the Halo series, you know what I mean.The game does have a few choice/consequence sequences that I found very interesting. I won't go any further into that as to not spoil the surprise, but some of them really tore at my brain from a moral standpoint, and I give the devs a lot of credit there.Overall, until the UI gets revamped (which I doubt it will), I just think the game is too frustrating to muddle through, especially at the price point where it currently sits.I should note that I played the game at the highest difficulty, which made the game much more frustrating than it would have otherwise been. I usually find that this ultimately leads to a more rewarding end-game feeling, but I didn't really get it with this game.Quick final note - those who compare this game to the Bioshock series are out of their collective minds. The game LOOKS like Bioshock, but it doesn't really PLAY like Bioshock and it isn't nearly as engrossing. Hope this review helped!"
,Recommended,480490,33145444,Posted: 2 July,all,Deermuid,"Pretty fun so far, but I would say wait till it's 30 euro not 40 :P"
76561198090765457,Recommended,480490,31554538,Posted: 5 May,all,Excaliber The Slav,this game is pure gold
,Recommended,480490,31545570,Posted: 4 May,all,AlterRektMLG,"1.The game is absolutely opej to you.I did some fun stuff like throwing one thing at another and trying out stuff.2.OPTIMIZATION IS INSANELY GREAT-I cannot believe this game is actually playable on my old rig with GT 610, 4GB RAM and AMD Phenom II X2 555 dual core processor3.Game should be great(Hopefully but will update once I get into the game).LAST EDIT:Demo is out and now you'll see for yourself how great the game is."
,Not Recommended,480490,33748775,Posted: 23 July,all,Keyser Söze,"Even though I'm a big fan of Dishonored universe, and I deeply respect the creators, unfortunately I can not recommend this game and honestly regret I bought it. Even though the game starts off great with everything at the place: nice setting, the atmosphere, the suspense, the mystery and, naturally, the family drama, eventually it turns out as an empty and dull experience, that you can't wait to finish with and forget about it.I was waiting for the name to connect with the game eventually but it never did. I loved the original Prey game (2006): it was brilliant, with perfect narrative, innovative concepts, such as portals (yeah, the original Prey came up with portal idea first), gravity manipulation, and also a solid alien shooter experience. The main character there was a Native American, who found his spiritual abilities and was able to use them to hunt aliens down, making them his prey (hence, the name). However, here, it seems like Bethesda forced Arkane to add the name (and the main character race) from the original game to absolutely different game without maintaining sense.The game balance is absolutely awful. The resources are very limited (the necessary ones, namely minerals) and you can't get enough of them for ammo if you just want to shoot aliens. You end up crafting office crossbows to dismantle them and make metal of plastic. But you have a load of alien matter, which you don't need. Isn't that dumb?Even if you want to pump your abilities you don't feel much difference whether you use a kinetic explosion or fire traps. It's all nearly the same. Hacking and lifting makes sense in terms of game walthrough but the rest of them are nearly useless.There are only a few characters and most of them are plain and very ugly. I mean seriously, in 2017, how can you make a game character that looks likethis(ultra graphics settings, GTX 1080)? Same applies to human animation and cut-scenes, they all look way too budget for a $60 game in 2017, to be honest.Also, the UX. It looks like no one in the dev team ever actually tested the drag+drop function that you use when you move items from your inventory to the recycle machine: a very very painful experience. They also won't tell you how to assign skills and weapons to number keys, you have to google it. The station map design is absolutely confusing. It takes you a whole bunch of time to understand where is exactly your next objective.Last but not least: although the creators try to put it as if there were several possible endings in the game in fact there's just one:No matter, whether you blow up the station and yourself or fly away using a shuttle the ending is the same. Aliens captured Earth. The only difference is if you helped those 4 you have to save from the station or not, and if they allow you to live based on your actions (they actually call you ""it"" which sounds harsh and makes you want to kill them but you can't)Long story short, I'd rate the game 3 out of 10 and would NOT recommend buying it."
,Recommended,480490,32304516,Posted: 9 June,all,Nexxun,"I highly recommend this game.I'm currently on my third playthrough and still finding new things that I missed on my first. I'm still not 100% sure which characters I should trust - the game does a great job of intentionally failing to validate your suspicions, leaving a realistic taste of doubt in each of your decisions. Prey really allows you to play in different ways each time and prioritise different branches of the story over others.The immersive atmosphere and incredible soundtrack really resonated with me, and is what ultimately dragged me back for a second (and third) playthrough.If I was pushed for a negative, I'd say the ending(s) are relatively weak in comparison to the immersive build up that precedes, and leave you longing for a little bit more from the story, if only a glimpse into the consequences of your decisions.With that said, it is definitely worth a look if you haven't already. Jump in, take your time and be sure to explore every nook and cranny of Talos I."
,Recommended,480490,32160529,Posted: 3 June,all,The Farthest Man From Home,"It's been a long time since I got the chance to play a game like this. One single phrase come to mind. ""Play. as. you. wish.""A lot of reviews will talk about the atmosphere, or the style of shooter mechanics vs stealth. What really grabbed me was the fact that this game truly feels like ""play as you wish"", which many games claim to be, but fail to deliver on.In one level, I randomly unlocked a closet, which led to a vent, which led to an upper area. As I explored this upper area, I realized there was a balcony leading straight down to where I had started from. One of the weapons in the game is the Gloo Gun, which in addition to goo-ing up enemies, essentially lets you CREATE terrain. Fire some goos in a staircase pattern up the side of a wall, and you can free climb. Or, level up your hacking to hack doors. Or level up your strength and MOVE the terrain, by lifting level obstacles out of your way. There's even avenues to use a tiny nerf croossbow, which does no damage, but can be fired through gaps to hit buttons you can't reach.Not since Deus Ex 1, where I was slashing through locked doors with the strength aug + Dragon's tooth sword has a game sort of gripped me with the notion that, ""Oh, I actually can climb over stuff. I can pile stuff up."" It's almost amazing to me that Besthesda made this, considering their relationship to invisible walls in the past.Of course, the atmosphere is great. The story is gripping. The weapons varied. All that good stuff too."
,Recommended,480490,31712125,Posted: 12 May,all,NativeOne,"Very well crafted .. easy play over (and i will) ..The twists and turns in this delight of programing, will give you both chills mixed with doubts of your ability to go into the next room, and make it out alive ..be prepared to smash everything in that room, as it may reach out to ""give you a hug"" ..hehehe :)"
76561198005189928,Recommended,480490,31629381,Posted: 8 May,all,Berserk,"14hrs in and I decided to write my first review for steam!Keeping this incredibly short for the impatient ones ;)  IF you like Bioshock 1 then  you will love this game.  The exploration, back tracking, weapon progression, skill progression and overall atmosphere of this game reminds me so much of Bioshock.  I had that feeling of *Idk where im going next* and I loved it!  That feeling of *I have no idea what could be around the next corner!*  And to further elicit how lovely this game is, of the 14hrs I have on record, I must have played at least 6 straight hours yesterday because I was off work lol!  Different paths to take, different ways to fight, evade, or trap.  Upgrade your weapons for serious punishment and plenty of side quests that help feed the perfectionist's hunger for more!Graphics are okay on my rig - playing mostly on high/very high settings with a gtx 970.  Only thing that bothers me, and rest assured it is mostlikely my rig, is that when I start combat engagements sometimes the framerate will drop and a bit and studdering occurs.  I have however, gotten used to this and it no longer effects my enjoyment of the game.  Story is in a way, like Bioshock!  NO SPOILERS HERE so forget about it and go purchase the game, it truly is worth it."
76561197970616802,Recommended,480490,31673618,Posted: 10 May,all,Fenris Hero,"Legit one of the best games in awhile.  Definitely a spiritual sequel to System Shock.Pros:Plenty of content: 20 hours for my first playthrough.Good Combat mechanics, lots of different options for how to fightVery solid story with multiple endingsGreat AtmosphereRewards exploration, with not obvious hidden and secret areas/rewards and doesn't lead you by the noseVery well coded game: loading times on my pc were 5-10 seconds when changing maps.Cons:Hard as concrete.  You can save scum, but some of the challenges took me many tries to solve.A couple areas where progression was a little too hard to figure outLots of backtracking: You will go through each area many times as you run back and forth doing stuff, and the quick travel of going outside the station doesn't always feel like it saves time.  All that said, the fast load times really help mitigate these issues.Awesome:I snuck past enemies by turning into a coffee cup and rolling past them.11/10"
,Recommended,480490,32886834,Posted: 27 June,all,420 Praise It,This is a good game.
,Recommended,480490,32958202,Posted: 28 June,all,Cash'Di,Everything Is going to be okay(nope)
,Recommended,480490,32096190,Posted: 31 May,all,gondowan,"Incredible multi-layered game with interesting combat, soundtrack, story, and mechanics. I purchased this on a whim since I was kind of unsatisfied with Mass Effect Andromeda, and Prey has been worth every penny.Pros+soundtrack+crafting system (I actually enjoy using it who would've thought)+weapons/skills: in my first playthrough I focused on guns, but there's a lot of opportunity to play wrench-only, no-mods, etcetc!+level design, kind of similar to Metroidvania style games with some backtracking but the look of the locations change as you progress in the story+pacing of story, it's more or less divided into three acts.+well-written and deep characters+story! The basic premise is an alien outbreak, but it goes way beyond that and deals with morality, empathy, knowledge etc+sidequests are plentiful and don't all feel like pointless fetch quests.+replayability with multiple endings and types of combatCons-my audio glitches on occasion and lags-some quests are bugged-some interesting quests can be easily missed."
,Recommended,480490,32886418,Posted: 27 June,all,NekoiNemo,The real successor to the System Shock we needed.
76561198038565448,Recommended,480490,32936527,Posted: 28 June,all,Shade,"First of, i didn't like it, but then it sorta grew on me (despite many other review saying the start is the best).There's alot of choices both with the leveldesign and story that all changes it to diffrent degrees and theres ofthen both the obvious choice, the opposite and atlast 1 or 2 more hidden options, and while normal weapons like the handgun and shotgun wont offer much in the way of utility, figuring alternative or finding unexpected uses for others greathly incresses the way you can approach challenges, the GLOO gun probly has the most of those but one should not underestimate the crossbow it has hidden values (the ""s"" at the end is VERY important)... even if it only shoots foam.Also on the possitive side, exploration is nice and has a ""good"" feeling to it with the level of detail and atmosphere on Talos 1 with some rooms changing more than others upon returning later on, and stuff you do are usualy saved so if you build a gloo-bridge or break a window they're usualy still that way when you return (not sure if theres any limit to how much gloo balls you can put into any one room). To me the amount of scavaging is just right, it feels like you always have enough to make more ammo or neuromods or whatever you may need while still maintaining a logical level of ""yeah, this much stuff should probly be lying around"".On the more neutral note, some find the difficulcy to easy while others find it too hard, all i can say for that is the early parts are harder (as with all RPG-style-progressions games, getting neuromods to unlock things in this case) while if you invested enough/the right stuff or just too much later on it becaomes very easy, alot of the psi powers are quite powerfull in their own right, investing in several or just using them efficently tivalises alot of the enemy encounters, fully upgrade the shotgun to back that up and it dosent even matter if you got nothing invested in health and such, not even the biggest nightmares are much of a problem anymore, so things one can do to alter how hard the game is: change the diffculy settings (can be done midgame, (might take make a save after and load it to take effect?) and investing/avoiding combat(and sleath?) focused neuromod upgrades, and pretty much everything from the psi side is on the ""way strong"" side, all from disabling enemys special abilitys to regenerating health and later ranks of the mimic ability (I dont think you can take damage when mimicing something so while the first rank is mostly utility and stealthy...perhaps a useful way to escape? the later ranks when you can mimic stuf with attack capabilitys without being damaged yourself makes life alot easier.. for better or worse).And lastly on the downside, Weapon and enemy veriety gets a bit stale, there are about 6 guns i think and four granates (3 of with are pretty much ""counters this type of enemys"") so theres not too many ways to approch combat from just a gun point of view, luckily there are other ways.Enemys also only comes in a few forms but charged with some diffrent abilitys but that still wont add up to any greather number.And the stealth can also be a bit stale if your trying to completely avoid combat since unlike Deus Ex and such games where there are hiddden routes around the room, most maintainence shafts and such here are just to bypass doors and get into another room and they rarely just go around the same room so if your aimging for stleath you just have to sneak around the corners of the room..... or perhaps use the mimic ability for its intended purpose? but whats the fun in that? :pLastly i feelt a bit clumpsy for the first part of the game playing with a controller before i got completely used to it (and i play most games with a controller) so its probly better with keyboard+mouse.I probly could have structured this a bit better but such is life, not all is made for convenience."
,Recommended,480490,31646861,Posted: 9 May,all,WackoBlacko,"I had my doubts about this game. I wasn't overly impressed with what I saw and I was thinking of buying the game at a Steam Sale later down the line. After the horrendous PC port of Dishonored 2, I had my doubts about the PC port of this game even though the devs reassured us that it would be ""flawless"" and it didn't help that there was no PC demo.Well, after 24 hours of game play and finishing my first playthrough......I love, love, *LOVE* this game. I went from ""meh, this is all uninspired and boring"" to ""I can't stop playing this game"". I have never done a full 180 like this before with any game. This game is simply amazing *and* has an amazing PC version to boot (at least for me). The amount of player choice in this game is simply mind blowing and the overall game play is very good. This is hands down, Arkane Studios best game to date (and this is coming from someone who loved Dishonored 1 and even 2 despite the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port and also thought that PREY was going to be the weakest game Arkane Studios were going to put out)If you love immersive sims like System Shock, Bioshock and/or the Deus Ex series, I highly recommend you pick this game up. Bravo! Arkane Studios Austin, Bravo!"
76561198058246504,Recommended,480490,31603963,Posted: 7 May,all,-*-error-*-,"So there I was, exploring, minding my own freaking business, when all of a sudden I found a secret room (I won't say where in case you haven't found it yourself). In it, there were 3 inactive looking glasses. I found an audio log saying I needed to calibrate them, so I pressed exactly where the game wanted me to press. Each time I pressed a button, the looking glass made a little noise.I can't convey in emotions what happened next, so I'll use words. The looking glass activated. It showed a room somewhere on Talos 1, but I didn't care about that. What I cared about was the fact that a Phantom had appeared 3 inches from my poor, unsuspecting face. To say I freaked is an understatement. I♥♥♥♥♥♥myself. The camera went wild from the amount I was flailing. I swung my wrench and smashed the looking glass. Thank Christ. The Phantom was only a picture from another part of the station.I had paused the game, so I took a second to compose myself, took a breather and laugh at my own silliness. After my heart had returned to normal, I unpaused the game.And turned around.Real Phantom.In.My.Face.Alt+f4.0 heartbeats/0 heartbeats.(but really 10/10. If you want a recipe for Prey, listen close:Chargrill some freshly prepared Dishonored, marinaded in jus de Resident Evil 7.Serve over a medly of Bioshock and System Shock.Garnish with a generous sprig of Alien Isolation.Serve.)"
76561198101896764,Recommended,480490,31706248,Posted: 12 May,all,Lord Of Lightning,"This is thus far my favorite game of the year by far, I haven't even finished my first run yet and I'm at 28 hours, this game might as well be system shock 3 which is to say it's amazing, great level design, haunting environments, and a great atmosphere make this game a must play, and there's so much more that I could go on about. But you need to experience this game for yourself, ASAP. 10/10 for me, belongs to be put up as one of the best of the Genre, alongside Bioshock and System Shock 2."
,Recommended,480490,31712303,Posted: 12 May,all,Vyxel,"This game is atmospheric as hell.  While enemy design, main story, and level aesthetics might not be in par with Bioshock, it certainly wins it all back with the gameplay, level design, expanded story (finding all the notes and corpses), game mechanics, music, setting, etc. This game far exceeded my expectations and I would gladly recommend this game to anyone who liked Bioshock and likes space themed sci-fi or alternate history.  So far GOTY for me (beating out DS3 DLC), 10/10 would mimic again."
,Recommended,480490,31603299,Posted: 7 May,all,Jooba,"Cant even trust the chair on the floor, constantly giving everything the ""tap of love"" with my wrench. Now unable to trust my computer chair.10/10"
,Recommended,480490,31737754,Posted: 13 May,all,Buckeye Burl,Great game! Kind of stopped caring about the story/characters/finishing the game toward the end though.
76561198054496862,Recommended,480490,31715901,Posted: 12 May,all,Freedom-Fiesta,"Short version: This game plays like Bioshock in space, which is HOT.Aside from all the pros other people have listed, I wanna point out that the amount of love they put into making this game can be felt. Even more I love the little details like how pretty much all of the humans are named, how liquid floats in zero-g. Stuff like that. I also absolutely love the level design. For me, the different parts of the station feel like they were made smart. They don't feel linear at all, which helps with the 'freedom' feel you get.The only problems I've had are that the UI's abit clunky, forcing you to make use of the keyboard strictly in some of the menus, but you get used to it after awhile. And, turrets will flip ""upright"" when you drop them in zero-g if you're spun at an angle, which I'm guessing they implemented to help keep turrets from flipping over when you drop them in normal gravity. Both very minor issues.So, 2nd short version: This game was built smart, and encourages smart-thinking players. Which means CoD players *probably* won't enjoy getting killed by a coffee cup that turned into an alien.This game stands out, but being different is good. Buy iiiiiiiiiiiit! >:V"
76561197977649322,Recommended,480490,31718624,Posted: 13 May,all,Echoic,"It's like a very slick homage to the AAA games of the last decade, you know, the Metacritic chart toppers.  Feels strangely dated as well, like it has resisted any game design influences from the last 10 years and made something that could almost be called traditional.Really, it's mostly just Bioshock with level design similar to the original Deus Ex game.  They're also big fans of that visual trick popularised by Portal (though.. they might have used it before portal if I remember right).  And, there are a more than few nods to Valve's Half Life series as well.While you're comparing it to Bioshock though you notice it's missing those roaming, optional bosses and the art direction is superb but probably not going to review as well with the critics.  You know... 'Shock had that very striking and consistent underwater, art deco, steam punk thing that critics loved.  This mixes some art deco with a lot fairly generic sci-fi.  So, it's believable and its very easy on the eyes but Bioshock took you somewhere new and unique.Portal had those dizzying, mind bending puzzles that pushed you to think in a totally new and physically impossible way.  Whereas the same trick is used here as just a cool visual effect.And so on, Half Life 2 was constantly mixing up the gameplay style for the player while pushing you through those stunning action setpieces.  Deus Ex combined a great freedom in the levels with meaningful choice and consequence.So I suppose I sort of doubt it'll be as memorable as the games that have inspired it.  But, this is certainly not a lazy rip-off or a half arsed type of a game.  It's a polished, thoughtfully designed and safe AAA game.  I'd say it delivers a game that's worth the launch price.  Confusingly though the only thing I can't identify as an influence is the original Prey series..."
,Recommended,480490,32538688,Posted: 18 June,all,rantology,Just a solid AAA game. Doesn't do anything too daring and the story is sufficiently interesting... Real similar feel to the Bioshock games. Definitely worth picking up if you're a fan of the genre!
,Recommended,480490,32160676,Posted: 3 June,all,Cyggie ❤,An outstanding title.
,Recommended,480490,31674289,Posted: 10 May,all,Ice Fox,"This game could have been perfect if not for the technical issues. The story is really good albeit confusing. The gameplay is challenging but fun. Biggest issues I had to go through are the bugs... I can handle minor bugs, but not bugs that ruin the playthrough and progression. This game has really high potential and it could live up to the expectations assuming the developers update it and fix the major bugs that plague the enjoyment.I generally recommend this game and hope Arkane keeps doing a good job"
,Recommended,480490,33325441,Posted: 6 July,all,ченьО.Д.удэ101©,Bioshock and Alien met and had a love child.
,Recommended,480490,33241956,Posted: 4 July,all,DudeManBro,"I've never rated or reviewed a game on steam before, and I don't intend to write a full breakdown of what works in this game and why I like it. With that said, Prey is AMAZING. The perfect combination of gameplay reminiscent of system shock (and by extention bioshock) and story reminiscent of deadspace. Everything works amazingly gameplay wise and story wise, and on my i5 (4670k) and nvidia 980ti system with 16g of ram I get a perfectly solid 60 fps on maxed settings - an actually very impressive feat to witness. That is to say, it's beautiful and runs very smoothly.In short, if you've enjoyed either dead space or the system shock/bioshock games, this is a hands down must buy for you. I cannot overstate that fact. It may not grab you from the very beggining (it took me about 3 hours before I started realizing how top-to-bottom amazing this game is) but it WILL grab you. GOTY for this scrub."
,Recommended,480490,33231316,Posted: 4 July,all,Darkalfx,"This game is absolutely phenomenal, it has great combat, awesome level design a tons of things to explore and discover.If you liked Bioshock or System Shock, you will love this!"
76561198161921317,Recommended,480490,33210482,Posted: 3 July,all,Tigercup9,"7/10It's good, and the story is very good, and it will eat up hours of your time if you aren't careful. But it feels like the sort of game that once I put it down, I'm not going to feel very inclined to pick it back up again. I do reccomend it, and you will almost certainly get your money's worth, but it's not incredible."
,Recommended,480490,32966842,Posted: 28 June,all,Suky,"I've gotta say, I wasn't this mind blown by a game since Bioshock Infinite.Prey does borrow a lot of elements from other games such as bioshock, dishonored, deus ex, half life and it just mixes it all together in a really good way. And i've gotta say, if you are thinking about buying this game you should definitley get it. If you liked any of the games i mentioned up here, you're gonna like Prey.Now, Prey is not the best game in the world. It sure has it's problems:* The mimics are kinda annoying until you progress a bit through the game,* The weapons are a bit underwhelming, wish there was some mid-long range weapon.* Crafting seems unbalanced. You will most likely end up needing mineral which is in 90% of things you'll craft.* Crafting can be a painful process because you always have to craft items one by one.* The Nightmare that haunts you every now and then can be easily killed if you stand in a spot where it can't reach you (like corridors or high above it)* Loading screens can become annoying as you always have to jump between areas.But it is one of the most enjoyable games I've played in a while. It really feels like bioshock in space with way better gunplay. And the story is just incredible. I feel like there's room for a possible sequel. One thing I will point out is that you should definitely do all your side missions as soon as possible. There is a point where the game suddently becomes way more challenging than it should be and it caught me off guard. It starts sending laser robots at you and they are way tougher to kill than anything else and you will run out of ammo and I could barely craft it since I was missing minerals all the time. It pretty much forced me into aquiring the mind control skill to make them into my allies and fight eachother.Even though it reminds me of Bioshock, Prey feels fresh at the same time. The recycling and crafting system is so fun and refrehsing. You are not just staring at a menu and clicking a button, you are adding junk into the recycler and then waiting for it to process the items into materials. And it feels so good to being able to grab and throw things around. You can pretty much grab anything that isn't glued to a wall and even recycle it. You can go into a room, pile everything together and then just throw a few recycling grenades and turn it into materials.One thing I wish this game would do is to let your character speak/have choices. But if you actually finish the game you will see how story wise, it wouldn't make much sense.And it runs great. I gotta say, I was skeptical after Dishonored 2 because that game ran like crap and now I know why Dishonored 2 was gimped.You can just see that Aranke really put more passion into Prey than Dishonored and it's a shame that the game was hurt because of Dishonored 2's problems and because of the poor marketing from Bethesda."
76561198066836932,Recommended,480490,33244173,Posted: 4 July,all,JackMaccone,"I heard that this game is basically Bioshock in space, and it is 100% trueBioshock had everything what every good game needs and Prey has the same, same feeling, deep story, character with depht and gameplay that will bring you back playing after you finished the game.anyway, a masterpiece from the desk of off arkane studioi've been carrying a turred accros the whole lobby so this game even was lovable side-charactersstill i don't know why people say that this is a horror game."
,Recommended,480490,33035864,Posted: 30 June,all,stasostrouhov,It's an amazing immersive sim with a bunch of great mechanics bundled together in an excellent way.But a bit boring near the end.
,Recommended,480490,31587581,Posted: 6 May,all,matt,System Shock 2 in 2017.
76561198179367247,Recommended,480490,31574369,Posted: 5 May,all,Big Daddy Ay,Sweet game feels like Deadspace and bioshock
,Recommended,480490,31592666,Posted: 6 May,all,KUSHANUGGY,This game is incredible.High replay value is very much here. The soundtrack from Mick Gordon is godlike and the gameplay is there to match.Game runs like butter but I have a high endish PC with the new kaby lake i7 7700k and a 980ti 6 gig. If you're reading the reviews though you know that it runs well on low end rigs.
,Recommended,480490,31621295,Posted: 8 May,all,viskup,The best game of 2017
,Recommended,480490,32843631,Posted: 26 June,all,johnweythek,"I have no idea who I am, or what I'm doing. But it runs very well and random appliances are trying to kill me, so I'm intrigued."
76561197970333040,Recommended,480490,31635628,Posted: 8 May,all,Fallenidol,"LOL I had forgotten how good it is when a game does not lead you by the hand. I get so side tracked in this game I forget what it was I was trying to do in the first place. I love games where you are just left to explore and figure things out for yourself , something Prey does very well. And who cares if it rips off Bioshock , Systemshock etc, a good idea is a good idea and I for one am having a bloody good time playing this game."
76561197991969821,Recommended,480490,31635745,Posted: 8 May,all,Brian Bloodaxe,Best game I've played since HalfLife 2.
,Recommended,480490,33243556,Posted: 4 July,all,Yoynk,"Like Bioshock and Dishonored had an incredibly optimized baby. Runs great, and is prime for multiple playthroughs, and the mimics-even 25 hours in still surprise me."
76561198032880301,Recommended,480490,31664109,Posted: 10 May,all,Coldyron,"Very good game. Talos is extraordinarily well designed. The game is very difficult (Even on easy), you are not meant to go guns a blazing (even tho you can). The only Cons of the game: getting out of the reactor core using the goo (such an infuriating pain) and the ending (no emotional impact and it's weakly done).Even tho I beat the game I still feel like 70-80% of the station I never explored. Can't wait to get back in there"
,Recommended,480490,32751553,Posted: 24 June,all,LawlRadio,great game except for the Denuvo DRM crap
,Recommended,480490,33398067,Posted: 9 July,all,Syron,"""A near perfect game with an interesting RPG formula""I was not expecting to name this my Game of the Year going in, but now unless the Autumn brings something amazing I just might.Its  narrative is competent and full, the shooting feels right and the RPG mechanics are solid and balanced. Its flaws are few and tied into some PC-related issues such as slightly sluggish menus and a few interface quirks, with only one or two hard bugs to be seen.Get this game. I could go into more detail, but just get it. You want a number? Sure. 9 out of 10 until the bugs are fixed, but it is still an absolute Must Play."
76561198086739840,Recommended,480490,31614823,Posted: 7 May,all,El Caballo,"Atmospheric and spoopy, definitely enough hours here to be worth the time."
76561197970354789,Recommended,480490,31665274,Posted: 10 May,all,Kane,"It took me about 25h to finish the game and I'm definately up for a replay in the future making other choices. This is a modern carbon copy of System Shock 2, one of my all time favorite games. It also borrows elements from Alien Isolation and the Bioshock games wich of course in turn are heavily influenced by System Shock.It doesn't bring alot new to the table but it implements almost all it has borrowed well. The Alien Isolation parts where you have to hide from a giant alien arn't as well executed as in AI, the fear mechanic seems pretty pointless and I never succumbed to it even though I didn't use fear dampening items (I played on normal, maybe the hardest difficulty remedy this). And it wasn't to hard actually killing it instead of hiding or just simply run away to a new area unlike AI where you are guaranteed to be killed if the Alien sees you.The skills are interesting and the story is also pretty interesting, the game kept me interested all the way to the end. There are several ways to approach your objectives and enemies, giving you choices on how you want to play, I always appreciate that.You also have quite a few choices to make wich will affect the ending and define your character. There is a proper inventory with full mouse management, hotkeys and pc specific controls (there is a radial menu but you don't have to use it at all). So it's all good then? No, the one thing I was really missing was the sense of dread and isolation System Shock 2 gave me, or even Alien Isolation. The atmosphere wasn't quite there all the way and there wasn't a proper main antagonist like Shodan or the actual Alien. I also found the alien design lacking. They are not creepy and not varied enough. Quite frankly the alien design is boring. So one point of for that.The performance is pretty solid aswell. I have a 4yo rig with an oc i7 4770K, 16gb ram and a oc Titan Black running the game at 3440X1440p at maxed settings with shadows turned to medium, V-sync off (have a g-sync monitor) and AA at 8x and still got around 55-60 fps avarage with some dips at some points. Pretty good considering the resolution. I did miss a FOV option ingame but you could fix that in the .ini file.Loading time is a bit heavy for pc at around 30-40 seconds when entering a new area with an annoying two loading screens. Around 10 seconds for a quickload within the same area or respawn if you die. You can't bind quicksave or quickload to hotkeys though wich is really annoying.It all worked flawlessly until the end of the game, at around 24h mark my save files got corrupt and I was stuck in an area crashing everytime I try to exit it. Appearantly this is a problem on all platforms. As of writing this review there is no official fix but having the pc version meant I can access and modify my savegames. I got around this problem by deleting the ""area"".level file in my savegame for the area i was trying to enter. This resets that area so all the items, keycards you've found are all back in place (but you still have the ones you've taken in your inventory) and all the doors and safes are locked again. This also means that you can trigger any sidequest again in that area even if you have completed them. Not optimal and a real drag if you have to reset the lobby area. It is a gamebreaking bug, sure I personally managed to get around it but if you play on console and get this bug or if this fix doesn't work for you on pc then the game is broken and can't be completed. There is no guarantee a patch will fix your saves if they are already corrupted either wich means you might have lost hours upon hours of progress. I'm sure they'll fix it but still not an okay release.Overall though I really like this game."
76561197972921451,Recommended,480490,33116771,Posted: 1 July,all,<|☥|Inesophet|☥|>,"As someone who longed for a real successor to System Shock 2 since its release (yes i bought SS2 on release day) and played it over the years again and again. Honestly no game since could reach the Atmosphere, style and Depth of SS....until Prey. I was very weary at first, since the Bioshock series was a huge letdown in my eyes (good game...but doesnt come close to SS). Prey doesnt only pay Homage, it stands on its own and actually manages to Surpass SS in almost every respect. Bethesda just bloody Knows man.The Graphics are good. Nothing groundbreaking but good. The Leveldesign is the best i have ever experienced Period (im a gamer since 1988) Exploration is in almost every case rewarded. It is nonlinear but not openworld which is a great compromise i feel.The Sound is Very good. The music is a bit of a mixed bag but there is so much atmosphere created by the sound effects it brings chills even to me.The Gameplay feels good, its a PC game for the most part. The menu`s clearly show a Multiplatform release but honestly it doesnt impact the game one bit. Mouse control in every menu. Snappy Controles and a good Set of Options. There is however a Hoarder mentality, i reccommend you grab EVERYTHING that is not bolted down in order to craft ammo and other survivables.  Normally i dont like this type of stuff but since the main Antagonists of this game can hide as said objects even that is tense.All in all the only real complaint i have is the Enemy Design. They are very much the same. Many tougher enemies do look and feel the same (wont give spoilers) sure they have different powers but compared to SS where you have all sorts of different enemies and factions (that battle each other) within its somewhat boring. That doesnt detract much though. And all in all its the best FPS RPG since SS2, it is considerably better then even HL, HL2 and the Bioshocks. Buy it, no matter if it is on sale or not. It IS worth the money and you wont regret this purchase one bit.PS: the game has HUGE replayability since the choices you make skillwise have a very direct impact in the gameworld and story. Replaying as a different class should be a blast."
76561197963648068,Recommended,480490,34472784,Posted: 24 August,all,sKorpion,"FAR better than expected!Dead Space mixed with Bioshock.LOTS to like... combat, characters, choices, exploration, voice acting, story, graphics.1080ti played this at 4K with 60fps all settings maxed.i encountered zero bugs, and only 2 ctd (game engine issue).HIGHLY recommended!"
76561198066224365,Recommended,480490,34297140,Posted: 16 August,all,FamousBoomer,"The game is AWSOME! They did recently fix a lot of the bugs which I am very greatful for. I love playing this game and honestly, I love it so much that this is the first game that I actually started acheivement hunting. Great action, with a bit of jump scares. Graphics are amazing and flying in space, I mean what more can you want! I am really glad that this is not a ""zombie apocolypse"" games, those are really getting old and boring. Great job Arkane Studios!"
,Recommended,480490,31573063,Posted: 5 May,all,A. Stoat,"If you liked BioShock, SystemShock, or Half-Life there's a good chance you'll like this game. It's exploring that creaky, creepy city feeling once again but this time in space. Optimization is wonderful, sound is atmospheric (however is loud naturally so turn it down if you dont want it drowning out everything else), and controls are sharp and well mapped by default. Definitely happy with what ive played so far."
76561198005341464,Recommended,480490,34424408,Posted: 22 August,all,Bringo!,"Buying this game taught me a valuable lesson: stop reading negative reviews from idiots who think they can review video games. Didn't have high expectations from the reviews, was quickly corrected."
,Recommended,480490,33156457,Posted: 2 July,all,laxtrey5,Prey can be frustrating in the first half of the game and the story didn't do it for me but it's ultimately a fun time
,Recommended,480490,34482106,Posted: 25 August,all,nibriddan,"With all of the meh reviews I saw for this game I decided to wait and see. When the demo was finally out on PC I found that I was really into this game and bought it.This is a quite a good game.Lowlights:It's let down by its combat system.Highlights:Its atmosphere is simply awesomeLevel design is awesomeThe objectives/missions are goodSide missions help fill in lore and backstory quite well. They are worth doing if you want to know more about the world.I found the story interesting from start to finish. I hope there's sequels on this reboot cause they could come great places.If you are after an action shooter, like dead space but in first person than this game isn't for you  imo. The shooting isn't that great, you run out of ammo quickly due to a lot of the enemies being bullet sponges and the guns don't seem to have much kick. I think the idea is that you have to think outside the box to progress, pick your battles. Speaking of thinking outside the box, there are quite a few ways to move through the levels.Still I'd recommend picking this up when it's on a good discount as it is fun and worth a playthrough."
,Recommended,480490,33059696,Posted: 30 June,all,Instinct,"I shiit my pants so many times, the worst thing is how the Typhon Alien organisms can transform in to any item in game with no clues to where they are.... and they ambush me when im not expecting it.I have a little issue, i dont know why i do this... i really dont know...But everytime i enter a bathroom, i have a feeling that urges me to flush every toilet i see before i leave the bathrooms just in case theres an Alien hiding inside XDRATING - 10/10(make sure you use the 'Immersion Mod')"
,Recommended,480490,31680951,Posted: 11 May,all,PixelDaddy,"I'll update this once I've finished the game but I'm enjoying it so much I felt the need to share some thoughts.I actually played this first on the PS4 via the demo and didn't get on with it, I warmed to it in the end but it felt really sluggish (input lag?) and the minimal visual style didn't appeal so much at lower res. However by the end of the demo I was intriuged. It was watching ACG's video reviewhttps://youtu.be/Ae4zNB9CYsgthat prompted me to try the full game for myself.Anyway I digress. So far based on my first 12 hours I'd happily put this up with some of my all time favourite first person games - Half Life 2, Deus Ex 1,  Bioshock. It's mostly the level design which is bloody extraordinary! I spend so much time just digging around in rooms, exploring tunnels, taking different turns from my objective just because it's such an interesting place to explore.The gameplay systems also have great charm and flexibility. There are always multiple ways into a locked room for example and some of them quite surprising. Some other touches I'm also loving: clever understated puzzles, strange haunting music, nice crafting system, and little details like every human on the station (dead or alive) has a name, a job role, a very small or very large piece of backstory and can be tracked/discovered via security terminals.It's worth noting Prey sits in my favourite genre. I love atmospheric first person games with RPG elements so my thoughts on Prey are going to be a little subjective, so keep that in mind. If you don't like taking your time while exploring a game world or managing your inventory and perks then Prey probably isn't for you.Wow, so far this year has been really great for gamers!TO BE UPDATED...."
,Recommended,480490,31745179,Posted: 14 May,all,-_-_ _- -_-_,Bought this on a whim. Instantly became one of my favorite games.I'm considering this as the new gold standard for how to do exploration right!
,Recommended,480490,31757460,Posted: 14 May,all,axM^-s,Best single player game experience since half life 2
,Recommended,480490,31590260,Posted: 6 May,all,Mr Dysprosium,"I can not say enough good things about this game. It is all the good things about System Shock, with the story telling and environmental excellence of Bioshock, yet still a wildly unique setting and atmosphere.And the enemies, combat are like nothing you've seen before.Prey is an absolute masterpiece."
,Recommended,480490,31614779,Posted: 7 May,all,Voodoo,"Is it the rightful sequel to Prey? No. Is it still a hell of a game that pays homage to classics that define the genre of FPS? Hell yes.Bioshock meets System Shock meets Half Life is what I'd best descibe it. Great Atmosphere with an unrivaled amount of choices and branches of not just story options, but pathing and gameplay. Unique enemies who more than often require thinking and planning instead of run and gun tactics.My complaints are few and minor in the grand scheme of Prey:Ending was kind of a cop-outGraphics are pretty dated (Original Prey had working mirrors, how the hell does this now?)Limited amount of weapons is somewhat of a scorn when there are so many gameplay options to take advantage of.I haven't felt a sense of wonderment and curiosity since Bioshock. Great, great, game."
,Recommended,480490,31614734,Posted: 7 May,all,Buster,I need more AMMO GOD DAM IT...great game tho!!
,Recommended,480490,34283273,Posted: 16 August,all,CheeseJaguar,"Great game, and stands up fairly well when compared to classics like Bioshock and Deus Ex.  Great story with well executed gameplay.  The hacking minigame is a blast too!"
,Recommended,480490,34329859,Posted: 18 August,all,Rubberduck,"If you liked System Shock, you will like this.You could also say it is a way better Bioshock, but this game gives me the good old feeling games in the past gave me. It has fresh ideas, which is a rarity nowadays (e.g. fresh take on goo gun, turrets reponding to your alien mods, mimics).Good graphics.Cool enemies.Good story (you have to think to follow = good old feeling).Role-playing elements (skills, weapon and suit upgrades).All aspects of the game are well implemented.Play it at least on hard for some challenge."
76561198010212615,Recommended,480490,32399535,Posted: 13 June,all,Lurkeroutthere,I really can't recommend this game highly enough. It's a true heir to System Shock and gives a lot of hours of replayability. The stroyline is fairly linear but there is quite a bit of replay value in just playing through with different playstyles and combinations. The world is fun to explore and I'd look forward to anything they want to do in the same universe.
76561197965928460,Recommended,480490,32394543,Posted: 13 June,all,starwatcher,"Very good. Prey draws you in and engages you in the same way as  some of the best games that have gone before it. (Bioshock, Half life, latest Doom, system shock etc). Worth playing."
,Recommended,480490,34398977,Posted: 21 August,all,Hacker Chogi1337,The demo didn't cost 40 quid. 10/10
76561198027738175,Recommended,480490,32769521,Posted: 25 June,all,The Goatnapper,"As a huge fan of the System Shock, Bioshock, and Dishonored series, I must say that Prey tops them all with its hands tied behind its back.I could talk for hours about what I like about the game, but to be short- it is good in every aspect. The story is excellent, the combat is satisfying, the mechanics are interesting, the atmosphere is compelling and immersive. The sound design and graphics are not quite as ""10/10"" as the rest of the game but they are still pretty good. I would love to tell you about all the moral decisions you can make in the game and all of the great story aspects, but really, you missing out on a lot of you read any spoilers. Try to go into the game with as little info about the premise as possible!Really the only bad things I have to say about the game is that there are a lot of weird sound bugs where voice lines will get played over each other and then you can't hear what anyone is saying. And also, and this is a more personal opinion thing: The first 75% of the game is paced very well. You feel quite weak, as your weapon selection is limited, your ammunition is scarce, and your maximum health is low. This forces you to approach every new problem in a creative way, like making use of a combination of tools just to take down a single enemy, or avoiding enemies with stealth. However, there's a certain point in the game where you stop encountering more difficult enemies, but at this point my character was still not particularly deadly. However, I kept getting upgrades while the enemies had already peaked. This led to me eventually becoming a badass unstoppable killing machine, which is fun for a little bit, but gets old pretty quickly and really kills the fun of combat in the latter half of the game.But I'm really nitpicking here. Like I said, it's pretty much a 10/10 game for me. Definetely would reccomend."
76561198031489939,Recommended,480490,31572610,Posted: 5 May,all,hellfire37,"pros-runs beautifully-""open station"" format. the whole station is open to you from the start and you are only limited by your equipment-plays a lot like bio shock-combat requires thought and planning (higher difficulties)-much like Dishonred were they stress to ""play your way""cons-cool discoveres i knew were coming thanks to the promotional material for this game-the music or sound effects some times warn me about a enemy before i actually see itthe more into the game i play the more cons i find-AI for some enemies acts pretty horribly. mainly the nightmare that hunts you sometimes. totally kills the mood when it gets stuck in a door which is OFTEN. there are also tons of places that are  off limits for it so you can just watch it while its unable to get to you-Pathing for your allies seems horrible sometimes. they often get stuck in a room and i just have to keep moving.-i accedentially recycled my shotgun iv poured tons of upgrades into. no warning, no nothing. just poof gone. no save existed were i still had it-mission objective icons sometimes disapear. or also sometimes they lose their title/name so you cant tell what its pointing too-needs more enemy types"
,Recommended,480490,34341030,Posted: 18 August,all,Funkynutz,"Every single item in the game, even the most mundane object; is a potential threat.I never before had a fear of coffee cups."
,Recommended,480490,34514125,Posted: 26 August,all,Hellrunner,"Super standard, by-the-book (of system shock 2) but competent game design.Nothing impressive narritive wise. My story predictions, while playing the game where far more in depth, intreguing (and overthought) than the actual story.The game could have benefited from 2 more moths of polish. Another month would have been a great investment into the ending where it falls flat, compared to system shock 2 (where reality itself gets turned upside down and you get a hard boss fight). There is one good thing about the ending that is actually innovative (no spoilers), but is also always the same. A missed opportunity, while pleasantly supprising.Solid game that could have been great."
,Recommended,480490,34315687,Posted: 17 August,all,Cereal,"game's very close to system shock and the deus ex series, even has the 451 or 0451 meme from system shock and deus exi got it in sale but overall it plays very nicely, has a good story, and the progression system forced me to make a couple of hard choices since i always found myself running out of ammo and getting 1 hit by strong phantomsTalos 1 itself does feel like a very unique space-station environment and it really does feel like the place itself has more stories to tell than titan station from dead space 2. the map and level design involve a lot of backtracking but it never really feels stale when you do have to. doing all the main side-quests is also very rewarding when you get to the end of the game.level design is great too, and offers tonnes of ways to approach your objective."
,Recommended,480490,34607503,Posted: 30 August,all,[eZdie] gateht,"Compelling storyline and innovative crafting mechanics; recommended for all sci-fi/FPS fans. Above all, it was refreshing to see such a lengthy single-player experience!"
,Recommended,480490,34896565,Posted: 12 September,all,phantomarrow,"This game is just amazing. I dunno if it's cause I'm old now, but it's very rare for me to finish a game these days and I've got hundreds of games in my steam library I've played less than an hour of. Prey was a real gem, couldn't stop playing and I hope they have a sequel."
,Recommended,480490,31585118,Posted: 6 May,all,CIDev,"Forget Bioshock, this is the true spiritual sequel that System Shock 2 deserved. Feelings of vulnerability and paranoia are almost constantly with you as you roam around the station scrounging for supplies to survive(Sound design also really injects the atmosphere with tension). Each fight is a tax on your resources, so you are forced to play it smart. The game is not afraid to challenge you and you will find yourself dying easily if you aren't careful.If you enjoy games such as Deus Ex, Half-Life, or Bioshock, you will definitely find a lot to love in this game. This brings the System Shock 2 formula into 2017 without over-simplifying it to cater to consoles like Bioshock did at the time it came out.It's too bad they couldn't have called this ""System Shock 3"", because that's exactly what it is. Can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,480490,31582684,Posted: 6 May,all,DaveBot,"This game has a closer resemblance to System Shock 2 than Bioshock did, which is great, it's been a while since we've had a great sci-fi sandbox RPG like good ol' SS2.If you're decent at shooters and stealthing around, I'd recommend turning the difficulty ALL the way up. The game is balanced very well and rewards exploration, which lends to that great feeling of constant progression even when going gets tough. Just make sure you're able to pick your battles, sometimes poking your head into a room and seeing a really tough enemy early on, might mean it's a good idea to prepare and progress a little before trying to take it on. When there's always something to do and enough upgrades to tip the odds in your favor, it doesn't feel like the difficulty ever gets in the way, it simply dictates how fast you'll be able to progress. On Insane for example, it took me about nine hours just to find apsychoscope(it's just a piece of equipment, not a significant spoiler if you're worried about mouse-over).To top it all off there's the crafting system, the big environments with multiple paths and almost always something that's tailored directly towards your choices in character progression. If you love looting everything you see and rummaging through emails and books there's also plenty of stuff to do and find, which really helps flesh out the universe."
,Recommended,480490,31821676,Posted: 18 May,all,boglin,feels like a pc exclusive. damn fun too
76561198020575563,Recommended,480490,31556358,Posted: 5 May,all,BBQBaconBurger,"Surpisingly good. I didn't buy Dishonored 2 because of the tech issues, but this game run smooth as butter (everything maxed 1440p on a 980 gtx, so far constant 60). Nice to see Arkane take the feedback constructivly, the switch to CryEngine 3 was a smart move.The game plays very similar to System Shock or Deus Ex, so if you enjoyed either of these you'll most likely enjoy this."
,Recommended,480490,31937576,Posted: 24 May,all,The Tried Piper,"This game is a bloody masterpiece. Despite all this #notmyprey buisness (which is a bit shady, to be honest, but it doesn't actually make the game any worse) it manages to be filled with a twisting and turning story that keeps you intrigued and always comes up with new ways to send you off doing cool stuff. The combat, despite having a steep difficulty curve, can be improved with a couple of well chosen upgrades, and there were no points in the game where I thought something was utterly impossible. I just had to think creatively.However, a game like this can never be 100% perfect. The worst thing about this game is punctuated by the time I spent outside the station. It wasn't a game about sneaking around in the rafters anymore, there was no rafters. Just bloody frustrating swarm enemies that pick away at your health.However, If you can get over that and the whole fact that Human Head studios got screwed over, this game is well worth a buy. Even at full price."
76561197971524905,Recommended,480490,31794312,Posted: 16 May,all,Esoes,Bioshock + Systemshock + Space. Gameplay is very good but the story could be better.
,Recommended,480490,32121685,Posted: 1 June,all,Anthony Napkins,One of the best games I've played in a while.Great freedom of choice in playstyle and ability to solve problems in many different ways. Never only one solution to a problem or one way through a door.
76561198156325999,Recommended,480490,31588940,Posted: 6 May,all,Kermut,"From what I have played so far, it's aboslutely glorious. Arkane masterfully set up the atmosphere and mood of the game. It also runs perfectly on max settings with a 970, perfect 60fps no frame drops at all even in a lot of combat. Certainly recommended."
76561198152591021,Recommended,480490,31753319,Posted: 14 May,all,FSRL2000,"Explored around the station for 3 hours, did a bunch of side quests, killed 2 nightmares, and no main story"
,Recommended,480490,33019400,Posted: 29 June,all,i'm hannibal yeah yeah,"Bioshock meets Deus Ex. It's a ♥♥♥♥in jam, baby"
,Recommended,480490,31555527,Posted: 5 May,all,Xzanos,"OverviewSolid game that follows a Bioshock feel with bits of Dishonored and Deus Ex in here. Promoting difficult decisions and gameplay this metroidvania style fps is a masterpiece to behold that runs like a dream. Big props to the weapon and enemy design for this game. Cannot overstate how cool the toys that you get are!Note: I have as of yet not completed the game at 7 hours in (some time spent offline so friends can play) but I am enjoying it very much so!Major Pro's+++Really innovative, elegant, unique weapons and abilities (srsly don't spoil these for yourself)+++Amazing enemy design++Solid 60fps++Really captivating story++Play your way open environment++Plenty of side objectives++Ethical decisionsMinor Pro's+Skill trees+The crafting system+World based lore+Text I'm actually interested in readingPro OR Con+/- Very little hand holding beyond where to go+/- Open environment might lead to you missing quite a bit+/- Stylized graphics (Dishonored in nature)+/- Few powerful characters+/- Block based inventory management (Deus Ex style)+/- At times can feel like an overwhelming amount of freedom for what it is.+/- I felt honestly disturbed by some of the ideas presentedMinor Con-Same-ish feel from environments-Acceptable level of bugs for launch (nothing game breaking/bugs are infrequent)-Replayability is questionable-Really loud (however, this is configurable in the options)-The thing that happened with Prey 2 (look it up)Major Con---Enemy variety is lacking--Difficulty swings as you learn and become more powerfulstarts too hard and becomes too easy--Some animations feel very off and some are dead onConclusionBottom line this game is a story driven roller coaster that sports solid combat and amazing enemies. If you're at all on the fence then try it out first or wait for a salebut don't spoil it if you can help thingsI was really happy with some of the twists and turns this game took along the way and I don't want anyone else to lose that. Avoid spoilers if you can help it! This masterpiece is only brought down by an imbalanced difficulty curve and poor enemy variety. Two small stains on an otherwise gorgeous example of what AAA games should look like.9/10Must HaveBuyTry then BuyWait for SaleNever Touch"
76561198078478985,Recommended,480490,34321104,Posted: 17 August,all,[KRAG] brianfactors,This review is for my favorite game of the year so far. It's very atomospheric; full of mystery and intrigue. The gameplay is fun; you feel like you have a lot of freedom to play your way. The different skills you choose and choices you make feel interesting. The game draws you in but doesn't hold your hand too much. And it's an emotional rollercoaster.Hurry up and get it while it's 50% off!
,Recommended,480490,31611766,Posted: 7 May,all,smaus,The first game to make me feel worried around coffee cups and desk chairs.
76561197989337303,Recommended,480490,32230481,Posted: 6 June,all,Rajin' Trajan,"I never write reviews for games, but this is easily the best one I've played in years and I feel the developers need to be recognized in every way possible. The story, art, attention to detail, polish (minor bugs notwithstanding), and gameplay are the best in the genre. This game synthesizes the most compelling, enjoyable aspects of System Shock, Deus Ex, Bioshock, FEAR, Dishonored, Thief, etc. into a compelling, near cinematic experience. The only weakness I found was that the combat becomes repetitive as the game progresses, though in many ways that aspect of the game is incidental to the story and gameplay.9.5/10 and worth every penny."
76561198079334973,Recommended,480490,35313979,Posted: 29 September,all,[APPLE] Steve Jobs,"If you're a fan of Bioshock/System Shock type games you'll probably really like this.8.5/10Pros:- Cool interesting story and enemies, awesome theme you're literally on a space station and it feels very well designed. The areas are awesome make logical sense (ie a cafteria, lobby, medical center, maintenance tunnels, water treatment, etc.)  Going out of the space station and flying around is beautifuly done.- The abilities and combat are seriously fun. Very cool perk system that makes sense in the game because of the story.- The recycling and inventory managment system is very well done, basically this game is very fun to play for the most part. Exploration, story, combat, and the general upgrading is all extremely well done.- The movement is great, the puzzles are great, there's multiple ways to solve most problems and it's very much a thinking man's game. It's not just a run around and shoot stuff kinda game but actually reading a lot and trying to solve certain safe codes or ways to get into certain rooms.Cons:- I think it's safe to say the GUTs Maintenance Tunnel is probably the most tedious and annoying part in the game, combat while flying around is not that fun especially when it becomes such a grind.- Speaking of a grind...this game gets to be grinding at a lot of points. The reason I have a lot of hours in this game is because I kept going back and backtracking (you'll be doing that a lot) and just about everytime you go back the levels will have respawned enemies. It's okay for one or two times but this happens much more frequently add that with the bonus Nightmare (a boss enemy) that randomly spawns throughout the game and it becomes just tedious.- The ending feels kinda rushed and about halfway through the game the game turns from exploration because you're trying to find out things to exploration because you're doing dumb fetch quests. There's certain plotholes near the end that I won't get into but basically the enemies you face exclusively at the end make you question WTF is even going. Speaking of which the actual endings to this game are awful and pretty much the same thing no matter what. It felt like a cop out for a sequel TBH and kinda dumb."
,Recommended,480490,31578753,Posted: 6 May,all,l'Original,"So is this where Nightdive Studios buys their KS backers a copy, refunds the rest of the KS, and goes back home to re-releasing old classics?"
,Recommended,480490,31674625,Posted: 10 May,all,Mojodamm,"Fantastic game.  Wonderful setting, tense atmosphere that really keep you on your toes, and an open (enough) map that rewards exploration and discovery.  From floating around in micro-gravity, to crawling around rafters, to stealthing your way through enemies or blasting them to bits using a wide variety of weapons and tactics, Prey offers a great amount of diversity in the way to solve any situation.  Upgrading your character can be done in a wide variety of ways, enabling a good amount of replayability.  The story is a bit cliche, but is interesting enough to search out the bits of lore spread throughout the levels, usually in the form of emails and notes.All in all, highly recommended."
76561198002134811,Recommended,480490,35321571,Posted: 29 September,all,KarmaPolice911,"I had a lot of fun playing this game. It plays very similarly to Bioshock, with a similar setting (though in space instead of underwater) and gameplay in general. I thought the story was well done, though the endings were really pretty much the same regardless of your choice at the end. I found it pretty relaxing to play actually, but you will need to save pretty frequently to keep yourself out of too much trouble. There are a few little jump scares, especially when it comes to the mimics that can disguise themselves before they leap up and attack you. I found that after upgrading the shotgun and the combat focus (slow time) ability, combat was never too much of a challenge on normal difficulty. There is plenty of freedom to choose your approach, but honestly I found straightforward gunplay to be the most effective. There's also a pretty impressive amount to do in this game, and it took me 40+ hours to complete the story and all the side quests (except for the treasure hunt - couldn't be bothered).I paid full price at $60 and don't regret it, and I understand it has come down pretty significantly in price since then. If light survival horror elements in an open-ended exploratory FPS sounds like your thing, definitely give it a shot. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,480490,31564094,Posted: 5 May,all,BlackSquid,I'm scared of coffee cups now.
,Recommended,480490,32896994,Posted: 27 June,all,Alexpell99🍁,Prey took everything the bioshock and system shock series did right while adding its own original content to the genre. tl;dr its a masterpiece.
,Recommended,480490,31648666,Posted: 9 May,all,Darkness Rush,"In Prey the player controls Morgan Yu who is the key subject to alter humanity forever.You woke up in a space station called ""Talos I"" which is orbiting the moon in the year 2032.As soon as you woke up things are going downhill pretty quickly since you'll find out that the Talos I is completely overrun by hostile aliens known as the ""Typhon""The game runs on the cryengine 5.0 and it looks amazing and it's surprisingly well optimized.It ran as smooth as butter most of the times, I had some issue's later in the game where my frame rate would drop to bellow twenty for no reason.The controls on the other hand are good, they're easy to learn and I had no issue's with the default key bindings.The sound design is good as well, the music is great, the voice acting is good as well even creepy at times, I was surprised to see that the Phantoms have voices as well and they really crept me out in the beginning.The weapon design is good and rather creative, for example you'll get a weapon early on in the game called the ""GLOO Cannon"" and it shoots some kind of foam which you can use to freeze your enemies for a certain amount of time, to extinguish fire, build a staircase on the wall to an otherwise unreachable area.Later on in the game you will get a weapon called the ""Q-Beam"" and it literally vaporizes your enemies.Another good thing about the weapon design is that you always see how much ammo there is in your magazine and how much you have in reserve.Throughout the game you'll acquire these things called ""Neuromods"" which are basicly upgrades you can acquire human powers such as lifting heavy objects, hacking, repairing and so on, you can also get Typhon powers which are really cool.You can for example mimic certain objects such as coffee mugs which you can use to get under spaces you normally wouldn't be able to get.Having too much Typhon powers however can bring you at a disadvantage such as turrets targeting you.You're also able to scavenge junk around the station which you can recycle into items which you can then craft into: bullets, medkits, neuromods, or even into weapons.Another thing I really liked was how easily you could die in this game literally everything can kill you, even when you're in zero gravity enviroment you could die just by crashing into an object at a high speed.Some things feel really clunky for example the AI of allies, whenever you try to talk to them they sometimes keep walking around aimlessly or they'll block you in doorways for no reason.Another thing which was clunky was the ""leverage"" ability which can be a real pain when heavy objects are blocking your path, sometimes when you try to pick up those heavy objects they will not move at all or collide with another object which makes it impossible to move them around.Another thing I really liked about this game is that it gives you options on how to get trough a door for example do you can hack your way in, you can find the code or keycard for that door, or sometimes you're even able to mimic a small object so you can roll under a tiny gap.The game has quite a bit of length to it as well it took me 25 hours on my first play through but I got to add that I took quite my time explore, do side quests and so on.The game has a lot of replay value as well, you could pick a different play style, do different side quests which you didn't do on your first play through which could result in a different ending as well.Overall I think this game is good with some flaws here and there but other then that I don't really have any major complaints about it.As a verdict I'll give this game a 7.5/10I think this is a really great game with some flaws in the AI and certain area's but overall I think this game would be better on a second play through and I'm looking forward to my second playtrough."
,Recommended,480490,31737041,Posted: 13 May,all,Eclipse,-Buy's Prey-Check's system requirements after the fact and doesn't meet the minimum-Is extremely concerned I will not be able to play this game-Turns graphics down to Low-Is expecting the game to studder like crazy-Get's around 40 frames no problem-Is extremely surprised and extremely happy about it- 10/10 would be an idiot again
,Recommended,480490,31597858,Posted: 7 May,all,MachFiddy,*Stacks 5 bodies on top of each other**Throws a recycle charge at them**Picks up organic material**Crafts material into a NERF crossbow*10/10 would recycle humans again.
,Recommended,480490,31788491,Posted: 16 May,all,Enigmatic Swag Bag,Dishonored+Bioshock+Half Life 1+Soma=A damn good time
76561198035776207,Recommended,480490,31626807,Posted: 8 May,all,Crazy Chuck,"Worth buying 9/10 (steam review system is also 90%). Buy it, But if you need information before spending 60 dorra here are some things I would recommend/not recommend the game onTHINGS I LIKED:PC port doesnt suck, At all. ☑Game is well optimized for PC. ☑More than 5 hours of gameplay. ☑Mouthwatering graphics in both low and ultra. ☑Interesting story. ☑Carefully crafted map. ☑The old bioshock mentality of you will need to inject yourself with drugs to survive. ☑System shock feeling (I am biased). ☑Replayability (kinda). ☑If DLC is ever released for after the game I would sell my only child for it. ☑AND IF THAT DLC WOULD OVERLAP WITH DOOM 2016?!?!?! I WOULD BECOME HOMLESS FOR IT! ☑Keeps you thinking. ☑There is Zero G, I know rare for a game in space. ☑Moral choices that make sence. ☑Does very well for those with compulsive hoarding. ☑Collect all the stuffs, All of it. ☑ALL OF IT!!! ☑THINGS I DID NOT LIKE:Horror isnt scary (some people might like this).Bethesda game sooo some bugs are hardwired into the game.Kinda saw the ending coming, Even kept myself from slight spoilers.AI isn't smart. You'll have boxes moving in plain sight or enemies looking right at you doing nothing.Back TraaaaackingKinda wanted more after the ending.Map kinda feels small, Its large but feels small.The possibility of Alien dogs where right there, and if flew right over everyone's heads.Hacking minigame..... why is lvl 2 hardest and lvl's 1,3,4 so easy?I dont think the minibosses attack... or atleast they never got that chance for me (too easy or broken).Only a few weapons. Makes no sense a space stations main security weapons would be a silenced pistol.Spoiler below hereWould've really wanted to see myself as an alien at the end maybe a lil bit at the end getting ready to fight or somthing like going with your ""brother"" as an alien to overlook whats happening now"
,Recommended,480490,31616398,Posted: 7 May,all,Halebomm,This game is one of the best games I have played in a while yet if you get frustrated easily you should not get it right now cause it crashes a lot and if you dont save every few steps you may have to replay one hour if that is fixed I think this might be the game of the year cause so far its definitly the best game
,Recommended,480490,31622967,Posted: 8 May,all,Method,THIS GAME IS INSANE
,Recommended,480490,32351866,Posted: 11 June,all,Kvanzik,"Wake up, Morgan...The Typhons have taken over the station...Follow the black mimic.You're not Yøu"
,Recommended,480490,34344285,Posted: 19 August,all,Kingping987,Best game of the year for me
76561198070870119,Recommended,480490,31653154,Posted: 9 May,all,CLOROX Disinfecting Wipes,Get this game. Save the AAA gaming industry from its one-size-fits all approach. It starts here.
76561197965010316,Recommended,480490,32846518,Posted: 27 June,all,the3idyankus,"Definitely satisfied my BioShock 1 & 2 itch!People who find this game too hard aren't playing it the way it was intended to be played. You absolutely need to explore and collect resources to make this game easier. I played on hard and while I did die a few times early on, I pretty much snowballed into an unstoppable killing machine after only a couple of hours without needing the wrench or gloogun. I took my time and explored quite a bit and learned how to use the other weapons/gadgets that so many people completely ignore. So just take it slow, enjoy the atmosphere and explore as much as you can!Enjoyed it so much that I'm going to try to beat it on nightmare!"
76561198086237431,Recommended,480490,34905662,Posted: 12 September,all,janisjom,"A really good mix of Deus ex, Bioshock and Dishonored"
,Recommended,480490,34477167,Posted: 25 August,all,Sir Norvil Khee,"I once had a lover, her name was System Shock.She satisfied me a lot. Multiple times.Mostly on hard.Never again I found a woman who could do this to me.Not her BIO-logical twins.Not her friend Deus which I soon called an Ex.Then along came Prey.She could do everything my first lover could.She even looked better.Hell, she even told a better story.But alas, it is already over again.And once more I am looking for gamerotic fulfillment."
,Recommended,480490,31642119,Posted: 9 May,all,Киберватник,"Take System Shock, Bioshock, Half-Life, Dues Ex, Dishonored and Dead Space. Shake it together and you get Prey.And when you get in the room and look on all that stuff....prAy it's not a mimic"
,Recommended,480490,31592668,Posted: 6 May,all,Pepperbottom,"Ubisoft/EA/AAA Developers please take notice.You don't need microtransactions to make a game.You don't need towers to make a game. *Ubisoft*You don't need hollywood cutscenes to make a game.  Or even any cutscenes.And it is possible to make a game with good graphics, story, and gameplay.Now onto prey..I haven't completed Prey (yet) but it sure exceeded my expectations.  With all the bs AAA games and bad decisions by developers these days my hopes for this were really low.  This game has blown me away.  The gameplay, the story, and the graphics.  Everything about it is great.  Everyone has said this but ill say it again.  Its half life mixed with bio shock mixed with system shock.  A beautiful mix.I highly recommend this game to anyone that is into any of the three games I mentioned."
,Recommended,480490,31910150,Posted: 22 May,all,Ént™,Easily the best new game I've purchased in a VERY long time
76561197969415610,Recommended,480490,31923793,Posted: 23 May,all,jezzzah,"Amazing....amazing...amazing.Best game i have played since the days of System Shock 2. The atmosphere is perfect, the setting and lore is fantastic. Arkane have struck just the right balance between combat and exploration here. So much content and interest packed into each area - i literally just spent an hour and half in an area no bigger than a typical house ferreting out all of its content. Many games can be rushed but this one rewards you in spades for taking your time and soaking it all in. Cant recommend enough - Arkane have solidified their position as one of the few developers out there that are TRYING and SUCCEEDING to innovate and to break some of the gaming moulds that we have been doused with for the last 10 years. Well Done Arkane.Cant be all positive though right - i have had one game breaking bug at about the 9 hour point. And the audio can be a bit glitchy especially round fire effects.Solid 9.5/10 game and possible GOTY for me - Worth a buy - Support this great company!!"
76561198083880494,Recommended,480490,35245694,Posted: 27 September,all,snakestail,"That was fun, scary as hell in parts, very much like Thief and Dishonoured in the sneaky bits, wish I had upgraded my wrench skills sooner, Usually rpgs give you a melee weapon and as soon as you get something better, you stop using it much, but here, the wrench was awesome against the Mimics. Some of the Phantoms were tough, the fire one especially, as you got it early on, but after I fixed up a couple of turrets and laid a trap; he went down like a brick in a swimming pool.It was a long game with numerous side quests, I never found all the people on the security crew logs, so that annoyed me, next time I will find them. I also found Alex too soon, a lot of side quests were blocked after that so I recommend holding off the main quest if you can if you want to complete side quests/body recoveries. After the credits there is a nice little mini-scene, no spoilers but it was a nice touch. I encountered no real technical issues, although during the space walks, there were green dots as points of interest and those were a little awkward, point reticule on one and you might see nothing, move it slightly to one side and you get some words like, ""Dead body"", ""Airlock"", ""Hull breach"" or the annoying...""Multiple objectives"" one. All in all, a very satisfying game and a final word. The level where you reset a video and it is on 3 displays set in a pyramid array, I recommend going from one screen to the next just to marvel at them, absolutely mind blowing display of technical art and follow that up with a wrench smack to a display and see gaping holes in fish tanks or holo displays and they dont fix themselves as soon as you leave and come back, once broken, always broken. My childhood fascination with smashing glass perfectly satisfied, Thank you Arkane, finally a triple A game that actually is, without 25 launch day patches to make it so."
76561198086466353,Recommended,480490,31576082,Posted: 6 May,all,antoine1861,"I do recommend this game. But unlike the other reviewers who insist on this game being a 10/10, I will beg to differ slightly and will not recommend unreservedly.This game is a bit of an oddball. Now granted I am enjoying this game currently on hard, there are still certain universal things that I have to say about this game, some pretty great and some surprinsingly bad. BTW I have already died (non-stupidly) at least 6 times.If you want to skip my pros and cons, here's my brief opinion:Basically really good, but there are some aggravating flaws. Certainly not exceptional or 10/10.Pros:- Very good difficulty system.- Weapon variety and handling is great.- Game is linear even in open world, but your choice in terms of exploration will really matter (e.g. you don't find the shotgun, well you play without shotgun, and that's really bad)- REALLY FANTASTIC neuromod (abilities) upgrade system.- Great game gadgets, some are bonkers like the recycle grenade.- The Mimics are pretty cool and creppy.- The progression in terms of survivability is really well done. In the beginning (at least on hard) everything is fricking hard, but then with upgrades, new tools and experience you can survive much better with ingenuity. [That's a big plus]Cons:- Inventory, map and anything intel related is so annoying and inconvenient to use (especially inventory, what a pain)- Sound and soundtrack is good, but sometimes you get random jump scare music out of nowhere in an area you just cleared, which seems off. Plus you can hear enemies, but not where they are. Like sometimes an enemy will be 30 meters from me, and I hear him like he's breathing down my neck. THIS REALLY GETS ON MY NERVES. Bethesda, come on!- Whenever you fight with an alien mimic, the screen turns much darker during your encounter. So basically you're 1/3 blind for no reason. Seems like a cheap gameplay difficulty trick, and it gets on my nerves. I mean if you want to challenge players, just make better AI, don't make us squint.- Last but not least, the map is not that great. It's really uninspired, unlike bioshock, which had a distinct style and atmosphere. Prey just feels like a beefed up and decorated portal game.- Story is compelling, but characters, who gives a ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,480490,31609583,Posted: 7 May,all,Hitbox820,Reminds me of the first 2 bioshock games. Great story and atmosphere
,Recommended,480490,31549627,Posted: 4 May,all,Rooseweld,"Pros:1.Runs Very Good, Dosen't drop below 100 fps, (SO GOOD)2.Really like the Art-Style, has some decent Grapichs and Andvanced settings too3. Reminds me of Deus Ex, Bio shock, Dishonored, and a little bit of Half life, and that's a good thing4. Strong Story/And Characters5. Excellent level design 10/106.Cool Abilities and Enemies7. The Difficulty. (Nightmare), it's not insanely Difficult, but it is a Nice Challenge. What im exited For is the (Trauma System)  Spoke with the Devs, they said later in a Patch we will add the Trauma System, that should have been in the game from the start, but we decied to not inclued it, in the Day 1 Patch, But will add it in a later patch.8. What is the Trauma System?  Well the Trauma system is a costume difficulty that would allow the player to toggle things on or off. Things Like if you fall from great Heights your legs or bones could break. if you get burned, you could risk getting Third-degree burns. Weapons could Break, you would need to repair them or find new ones. Oxygen, so if your suit got damaged, you would need to go indoors, or find Oxygen Barrels. Now that sounds like it would be fun, for people that really would like a Harcore Challenge.9.Final Verdict = BUY"
,Recommended,480490,34261166,Posted: 15 August,all,"Kal, Grumpy Convict","This isn't a sequel to the 2006 id Tech 4 game ""Prey."" A far more accurate title would be ""Psychoshock,"" in the mein of games such as System Shock and Bioshock, because it has far more in common with them. This game is neither a sandbox nor a strictly linear experience - it gives you a space with which you have some time to get familiar, a box of tools to allow you to navigate and deal with threats, and a goal to work towards, and then allows you to address that goal as you see fit."
76561198003454835,Recommended,480490,32091024,Posted: 31 May,all,impiribl,very good game
,Recommended,480490,31554492,Posted: 5 May,all,BigBragg,"Imagine, if you will, that Bioshock and Dead Space had a love child that was adopted and raised by Dishonored. That child's name is Prey. While elements are borrowed, or may seem familiar, they are not cheep copies. The game systems are well devised and shine as their own creation. The environment and atmosphere painted both visually and with the unfolding story draw you in. I wish I had a light switch for the sun, because Prey should only be played after dark. Just keep an eye on that coffee mug while you do."
76561197996030905,Recommended,480490,32137007,Posted: 2 June,all,Malcolm_SeXXX,"Pirated the game. Played up until Psychotronics, deleted the copy and bought the game on Steam.10/10 - would renounce piracy again.Edit: The game is seriously good. Reminds me a lot of System Shock. Great mix of shooter, RPG, and survival horror. Great futuristic art deco style."
76561197973216421,Recommended,480490,31881310,Posted: 21 May,all,AWESOME PLAYER,Really good game. Tough but fair. Love it
76561197996610175,Recommended,480490,31554816,Posted: 5 May,all,Gasph,"Awsome game!Been a long time since i got that half-life 2 feeling, but getting attacked by funiture and coffeemugs is a diffrent thing :)I recommend this game if you want that 90´s feeling back, where you could actually do so many diffrent things to overcome diffrent problems.Not just pew pew♥♥♥♥♥♥titles that we see today."
76561198043592710,Recommended,480490,31555298,Posted: 5 May,all,NeThZOR,Can recommend this game. So far it has exceeded my expectations.Runs SMOOTHLY (~120fps) with the following specs:i7 6700k @4.00GHz16GB 3200MHz RAMZotac GTX1060 AMP! Edition250GB SSDNo complaints!
76561198061672886,Recommended,480490,34816164,Posted: 8 September,all,Bazzek,"Loved the game (just finished my first run, too many things i could have dne differently to not play it again).Strong points:- Atmosphere- Controls (logical, easy to get used to)- Large variety in sollutions to the problems you run into.- even now, the station feels so big that i get lost at times. This does add to realism.- Loading screens with some fun alternate history facts.Cons:- Nightmares, mostly because of their noise and the fact that warnings come after you ran into them.- Few minor clipping bugs- Mind ♥♥♥♥ with the epilogue, making it worth it to play it again just to change the epilogue ;)Even at easy the game is NOT easy. I kept running out of ammo, healing packs and later PSI injectors. The only thing i always had plenty was suit repair kits.Now next time, i want to find the smugglers stuff. Darn it, 1 out of 6 is not good enough."
,Recommended,480490,35140390,Posted: 22 September,all,I AKU!,"Looking for a great immersive sim shooter this gen? Look no further than Prey. Arkane have really gotten the genre down to a science, really getting down genre staples like great environments and multiple ways to complete an objective. The game rewards exploration and caution, running in and blasting away will get you killed early on against the non-Mimic Typhons, but if you gain more abilities and upgrade your weapons you can stand a much better chance. You’re given some real freedom in abilities, for example I completely abstained from using any Typhon abilities, strictly sticking to abilities such as weapons, repair, and stealth.Talos 1 is a great setting, filled to the brim with all kinds of stuff that rewards exploration; side-quests, upgrades, neuro-mods, and audio files. Prey gives you a lot of freedom to explore, once you get past the early game practically the whole station opens up allowing you free reign. I spent hours just exploring before I even touched the main story again.The writing is good, though it really takes a backseat after the amazing opening. The opening is by far the best part narratively and while it unfortunately never reaches that height again it still is very consistently solid and engaging. The ending is quite good too.To conclude Prey is an exemplary immersive FPS and I had loads of fun with it. Unfortunately I hear it didn't sell too well, so please buy it."
,Recommended,480490,35179469,Posted: 24 September,all,Rasmus,"PREYPrey 2017 is a recently released Sci-Fi game by Arkane, based on psychological horror, action and exploration. You play as Morgan Yu, Vice-President of the Talos 1 Space research station and Brother/Sister of Alex Yu, the company president.The game takes place on Talos 1, a space reserach station oribitin Earth's moon, after a unknown alien species that was being researched broke containment and everything has gone wrong. It's up to you to solve it, whatever way that might be while being hunted by hostile aliens all over the station.Prey features a lot of inspiration from thing such as The Thing and more, featuring many Sci-Fi and Pychological horror themes with the Typhon and the futuristic Talos 1.PROSFantastic intro sequence.Pretty visuals, the aesthethic of Prey is on point throughout the game.Encourages exploration and rewards it. Talos 1 is huge and mostly completely open to explore, from the atmospheric, empty space outside, to the closed in labs of the station. A LOT of replay value.Well written, diverse and memorable set of characters all over the station.Intriguing, although plot-twisty story that can be predictable, but keeps you guessing at times.Plenty of side stories and missions to be discovered all over.CONSAudio issues still present, some NPCs are very loud compared to others.Gameplay can be clunky, mostly fun but sometimes frustrating.Unskippable sequences can be annoying with multiple playthroughs.Soundtrack is up and down, has some fantastic points but is overall sadly a bit weak, though fits the atmosphere.Game ismostlywell optimized, though it still has a couple areas that tank performance later in the game, and frames can fluctuate. Still better polished than most games in 2017Overall, Prey 2017 is a fantastic game, and very underrated. Though shunned for having no connection to the original, problematic Prey from 2006, i'd say that's just for the best, as this Prey on its own stands out brilliantly with it's theme.It's high replay value, exploration and many missable things make it a good purchase, maybe even at full price, although for someone who isn't going to run it 2+ times and 100% it, i'd reccomend grabbing it in a sale for 30$ or so."
76561198043109282,Recommended,480490,34788199,Posted: 6 September,all,Torran Legrand,"Great game 10 out of 10. This is coming from someone who thought this game looked boring but after playing it I have to say I was wrong. Good story, fun game play, cool items and interesting perks to customize your character.PS get necropsy as soon as possible trust me ;)"
,Recommended,480490,31555939,Posted: 5 May,all,Shillz,"NOTE: More than 19 hours played, Steam hours are wrong due to offline mode from VPN time. Check my achievements to verify.+Pros++ Level design like dark souls (many shortcuts, secrets, can skip entire sections of the game)+ Runs perfectly (60 FPS with no drops maxed, GTX 970 and i5 6600k)+ Freedom of choice regarding problem solving (several methods to deal with one thing)+ Feels like an isolated, dead space station+ Combat is deadly and something you will actively want to avoid, so no CoD ramboing+ Each enemy and their variants have specific advantages and disadvantages, and you WILL have to pay attention to them (unless you like your guns getting jammed by shock variants)+ Sidequests and your choices actually affect the ending and plot+ Skill trees are actually filled with USEFUL effects, AND they affect the overarching gameplay and ending+ Great weapon variety+ Breathtaking music from the same composer who worked on DOOM+ Everything can be interacted with+ Great sound design and voiceovers+ Animations are well done (you can even look down and see your body, as well as your shadow, and all actions are animated)+ Story is interesting, and has a twist at the end for those who can't pick up on the subtle hints throughout the game-Cons-- Enemy visual design is severely disappointing, they're just black goo- No final boss- Crosshair is placed below the center of the screen, rather than in the center (Halo style)- Space sections controls can get fairly annoying|Conclusion|Prey is the game in the same category as System Shock 2 that we've all wanted. With an open world and the given tools to explore how you want to, you cannot help but check out that dark corridor, hack into that locked computer, or follow even tiny sidequests. Mystery awaits around every corner, and damn does this game make you want to explore every nook and cranny. The strongest downside of the game is how stale the enemies look, but honestly, I can look past that.Prey is well worth the $60. Arkane Studio has delivered us an amazing first-person shooter that will, hopefully, be remembered as an example of what a game of this genre should be."
76561198018715636,Recommended,480490,34318125,Posted: 17 August,all,Carcigenicate,"GREAT game. Beat it 7 times in a row, and will probably comeback again in the future."
,Not Recommended,480490,34533209,Posted: 27 August,all,[CSGC] Turok,"By all means the game is good, but only once...This game has no replay value at all. Even the first playthrough was tedious and I found myself forcing myself to finish it. The gameplay was fun to an extent but at somepoint it felt like a grind to get more ammo and get to where I needed to go. After the first hour of gameplay I realized I did not actually need to kill any of the creatures and just ran past them. The story and gameplay were compelling to a degree, the skill tree was probably the most interesting part. Too many points into the creatures tech and the security system starts to see you as an enemy instead of an ally.Pros:-Huge map with lots of secret areas-Really cool tech tree with consequences in which tree you follow-Lots of weapons / tactics-Multiple endingsCons:-You will never have enough ammo to survive (Sometimes it make the game immersive other times its just annoying)-ZERO replay value once you have gotten the true ending-Campaign is so long it feels like you have to force yourself to finish-Enemy AI is easy to outsmart to be honest"
76561198034238053,Recommended,480490,35007450,Posted: 16 September,all,Justy,"Finally an AAA title that delivered on most of its promises.Prey heavily borrows from great games of the past (the System Shock / Bioshock / Deus Ex series' being the most prominent - and obvious - inspiration), but still manages to stand on its own legs, and what's most important, the final result is fairly seamless (although the omnipresent Art Deco on a 2030's space station takes some using to). Atmospheric, intriguing, heavily immersive, open... maybe too open, even! What's more, it looks good, runs smoothly and controls naturally, too, unlike a lot of the lazy console ports we've been getting lately. Loading times are nearly non-existent on an SSD, which contributes to the feeling of navigating an actual space station and the surrounding open space rather than a series of separate maps.Of course it's not flawless - there was the odd minor side quest that was impossible to complete, another that I completed on accident by picking up an item here and applying it elsewhere hours later, breaking the quest as a result (hence ""too open""), and I experienced a handful of CTDs as well as some possible memory leak issues in the reactor and cargo bay areas. But that amounts to a very minor fraction of the total time I spent on the game - which brings me to another point: the game is long. I spent 40+ hours on my first playthrough. I suspect the number would shrink to about 20-30 hours with a less meticulous approach, but that is still a rather massive number considering the relatively confined space of the Talos 1 station.My only major gripe with the game is that it might be *too* rewarding of a careful, meticulous approach even on the highest difficulty. Halfway through the game there is little left of the initial challenge, and the need for diversification or skill tree planning is gone as well; you can do just about everything you wanted. The first time a Nightmare appeared, it was dead before it even registered with me that this was not just an overgrown Phantom that I was pumping shotgun shells into at point blank. In hindsight I could just have recycled nearly all of the suit repair kits and medkits I hoarded for the large battles that never really came - the omnipresent Operators rendered them useless most of the time. And that was while avoiding any Typhon skills whatsoever (which left me with some 60+ unused Neuromods in the inventory at the end of the game).tl;dr: Liked System Shock 2? Buy the hell out of this. Don't know what SS2 is? Shame on you, but buy this anyway."
76561197970383782,Not Recommended,480490,35054152,Posted: 18 September,all,Bardock,"More frustrating than fun.Bethesda's ""reimagination"" of Prey sucks and has nothing to do with the original Prey which I enjoyed to play. It is way too frustrating. I have gone through almost 2 playthroughs just to find out that being a typhon ability user sucks even more than using human abilities. Only human ability users have a chance to improve inventory space or their suit/psychoscope mod count. Typhon ability users have no way to get to certain areas while human ability users have a skill for every little thing in the game. Which sucks because there is an achievement for completing the game using just either one. The costs for the typhon abilities are too high and the use too little. The enemies look all the same and it has nothing new to it except the ability to turn into pickle rick or a coffee mug. In fact all enemies look like giant gooey black spaghetti monsters who behave all the same except those who can turn also into pickle rick or coffee mugs. The only real difference is the element/power they are utilizing to kill you.It is nothing else than a really bugged Bioshock/Systemshock clone with a bland and unimaginative story which makes no sense at all except you try to force some philosophical ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t into it.The Graphics look like from the late 2000's with some small upgrades like blurry screen space reflections.Bethesda should have left Human Head Studios alone but instead they decided to destroy the studio by making impossible deadlines just because Human Head did not want to sell to them. The original Prey sequel could have been an awesome game like the original."
,Not Recommended,480490,34671493,Posted: 1 September,all,dadholer,I bought this game when it was 50% off and put about 5 hours into it. Nothing about this game is fun. It's very tedious. Uninstalling.
76561198052894515,Not Recommended,480490,31848365,Posted: 19 May,all,Aprielas,"All right here is what you need to know, if you've played bioshock it just more of that but less fun in my opnion. the game has way to many glitches, ramps up and down the difficulty and just all around boring you fight the same 12 -14 mobs. Looks great, but found myself falling through the floor on a couple of times. They fix the save game glitch that made people lose save game files, but that just tells me that it wasn't tested very well before lanch. You would be better off playing bioshock than this."
,Recommended,480490,31732234,Posted: 13 May,all,"Todd ""The Godd""","Hide-and-Seek Simulator 2017 aka f**k coffee mugs.Miyazaki could learn something from Arkane Mimics, tbh.Recommended even though it has nothing in common (except for the Wrench) with the original Prey.I miss Spirit Walk.Tommy > Morgan"
,Recommended,480490,32020269,Posted: 28 May,all,Captain Ghost,"A simple reviewPrey takes a concept, a very simple concept, and expounds on it in an interesting way, with twists that prove that the aliens aren't the only monsters here. It explores your decision making capacity and how they approach different problems, alongside your ability to empathasize with what are ultimately computer programs. It even involves playing off that part of one's psyche in how the game responds to your decisions, though I won't say more about that.The gameplay itself is fantastic. It gives you a few simple weapons, a station full of limited resources, and asks you to complete tasks. You can find a lot of different ways to resolve the tasks they present to you, including the standard staple of murdering the enemies. It relies on this by giving you limited tools and abilities, forcing you to think creativily through problems than bull rushing them, unless you are specced properly or on a lower mode."
,Recommended,480490,32010274,Posted: 27 May,all,Sangri31,"This was a great adventure! The story was rivoting.  The possibilities were numerable, and there were many easter eggs to be found throughout the game.  I don't often replay games, but i'll be playing through this again!"
,Recommended,480490,32009400,Posted: 27 May,all,Swagner,"It's almost impossible to give this game enough praise: everything about it, from the gorgeous visuals to the tense atmosphere to the complete freedom in problem-solving was fantastic. It's a big one, too: 50-odd hours in I finally beat it, butstillhadn't completed all the side-quests and the like. It reminds me of both bioshock (but with less navel-gazing) and metroid prime (but with better action and more horror): the world is incredibly interactive, and built in such a way that re-exploration is always an adventure, never a chore.10/10 would fightextradimensional alien ghostsin space again."
,Recommended,480490,31966618,Posted: 25 May,all,johndope,System Shock 3 is brilliant.
,Recommended,480490,32023086,Posted: 28 May,all,Sagan,"This ranks with my favourite games of all time: Thief 1/2, System Shock 2, Deux Ex, STALKER: Shadow of Chernobyl, and Dishonored 1/2. This game is an interation of the immersive sim formula, but it improves on them in every way. I might be the best immersive sim.+ The ship never feels like a level. It feels like a set. Each room makes sense, the layout of the ship makes sense, and your progression through the ship makes sense. The fact that the game is one giant level is a HUGE achievement. It's the promise of massive open-world games, but on a small enough scale that the devs could built a believeable place. System Shock 2 (and the bioshocks) had this feature, but it really felt like a bunch of levels connected by an elevator. I've never seen a game with a sense of place like this game and it is a standard we can hold all future games to.+ The cast of this set is huge, and real. This isn't a game with 6 named main characters and a bunch of nameless bodies. Everyone, or at least an alarming percentage, of the crew is not only named, but has a back story you can learn about. This is a staggering level of detail, and again, something we can hold all future games to.+ This game is actually hard. You can't mindlessly run around or you WILL die. This makes combat super interesting. The bioshock mechanics adopted (mix + match an array of tools) works way better in Prey because if you don't use your enviornment and strategy to take down the typhon, your'e screwed. Most other games give you options for the sake of it, which leads to far less emergent gameplay.+ This is the first immersive sim that bridges the console / PC gap flawlessly. Bioshock, thief 3, and dishonoured all gimped aspects of their gameplay mechanics (e.g., inventory management,  fluidity of movement to accomodate clunky controllers). This game has most of the complexity of system shock 2 and STALKER, and is console friendly. This is a big deal.+ This game deals with choice better than any other 'choice game' I've played. Your choices have logical concequences that build up over the length of the game. You will never recieve a game over for killing an important character. You'll just close doors. You can play out the story you want to play on this massive set in a myriad of ways, and the game will never stop you. It might judge you, but that is much more interesting that a game over screen.Honestly, this game will engage you, the combat is unique and forces creativity, the core mystery of the world is really fun to try to crack, the people on the ship have a real voice, and the world is incredibly detailed. I think it's one of the best games I've ever played, if not the best game.Some cons:+ The typhon are scary more because they are powerful and a real threat, but not because there's anything scary about them. Especially the larger ones that shoot balls of plasma at you. Fighting them is far less engaging than fighting a drill-bit big daddy, which the game sorely lacks.+ Minor: the transcribe messages have no background noise. For some reason this is extremely rare, but system shock 2 did this really well. Each message was clearly recorded in a room where a bunch of other stuff was going on, and it really added a depth to those messages. The transcribe messages would have been infinitely more effective if they had background noise (I'm sure that's also a tonne more work for the devs).Anyhow buy this game at full price. It's worth it, and quite frankly the world does not see enough video games like this. This is the future of entertainment, and fulfills the promise that video games can tell unique stories that other mediums cannot. Making games like that is a lot more work. Let's recognise that effort."
76561197970514284,Recommended,480490,32011487,Posted: 27 May,all,PiTTnj,"Wow. I just completed 2 endings after nearly 60 hours of playing and can say that this is the single best game I have ever played. This is, narratively, an old school sci-fi movie and Christopher Nolan mind-fk wrapped up in superbly balanced rpg-skills-tree that increases the fun and challenge simultaneously. The plot twists last even after the credits and the multiple approaches to nearly everything make me ready to start the entire game again--if not for the Sixth Sense perspective alone. Arkane has established itself as the greatest proponent of the immersive sim and this is a crowning achievement--that's saying alot after the Dishonored games! Bravo and how the heck are you going to top this? I, for one, can't wait to find out.The visuals can make you giddy, they're so beautiful--a spacestation in lunar orbit which forces you outside into space for a fly about! Awe inspiring, even on my clunky 2nd gen i7 & GTX 750. Great job!"
76561198125374032,Recommended,480490,31749745,Posted: 14 May,all,Mc.Fluffy,"This game is really really good,and the ending......i expected something similar,but the ending blew me away.!11/10"
76561198049216342,Recommended,480490,31749808,Posted: 14 May,all,That Weird New Smell.,"Just finished it up...One of the better games I've played in the last couple of years. First one in awhile I haven't looked up a guide for or tried to cheat. Was worth every second. From the first killer coffee cup to the final ***** ********. I, while promising no spoilers, sincerely recommend this game for any fan of dishonored or the original prey."
76561198114134672,Recommended,480490,31682192,Posted: 11 May,all,EA Skeezy,"You know a game is good when you A. Get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off that it is bed time.  B.  Wake up in the morning thinking about your latest save and what the next objective is and being even more♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that you're at work.So yeah.  The story is bonkers.  So far, I have to decide if I want to listen to my brother...or myself!?  But is that video I played real?  Is my brother still my brother?  Am I still myself?  Complete Awesomeness!The enemies remind me of that movie I loved a ton growing up TITAN: A.E.  (Bruce Willis & Matt Damon voice acted)The survival aspect of the game is perfect for me.  It's not overwhelming like some survival games can be.  There is basically zero grind, but tons of freedom.  So far, it's gotta be right there at 9/10 if I had to rate it.Arcane has made quite the gem!  :)"
76561197976379226,Recommended,480490,31756386,Posted: 14 May,all,bullets.ie,"I loved this game!  I'm 41 years of age and have been playing PC games since before I was Ten. For the last few years any game I've tried to play I just got bored of after an hour or two of game play as I've been there done that and voice overs, story lines, twists, heros etc etc etc has all been done a million times over.   Out of pure bordom I decided to give this game a try because somebody mentioned it might be the modern re-boot of System Shock one of my favourite games.I got to say I LOOOVED this game.  Its got just the amount of gameplay in it. Not too long to feel like grinding and repeating  and also not so long as you get bored and thankfully not too short either.   In these mordern times I quite often see people pay 60 Euros for a game only to be disapointed by the play time and quality of the game. Not so with this game!I had ZERO issues at game launch, no crashes, no messing about with graphics settings to get comfortable game play, no messing about with controls, the game played flawlessly from start to finish for me and this is before any patches!  FANTASTIC people! fanstastic.I got a System shock vibe to the game and that was the apeal for me.  I was fighting and hiding for my life several times in the game out of medpaks out of heals, out of ammo and stuck with just a wrench mid game hopeing and praying I could take ou a mob before they drained me of my health too far away from a safe spot.Not too many weapons in this game,  Wrench/Shotgun/pistol/disrupter like stun gun thing/laser like yoke/glue gun!The first gun I got the Gloo gun was the last weapon that I managed to get the plans for fabricating ammo on its own for! underestameted gun. I found myself hoarding ammo for it and using it very sparingly.  It had several uses.  Put out FIres, Put out chemical spills, creating a stairs to access upper levels. Amazing.Several times there was different ways of doing things which was awesome.A door wont open but you can fire a foam dart through a slit in a window at a button that opens the door.A door is blocked by a big object, you can level up lifting and move it.A door is blocked by a bigh object you can fire a recycle grenade yoke and it magics blockage away and gives you mats!A door is blocked and you go over, under it witth jumping, or hacking the door or finding the key.Loads of differnet ways of getting what you need!What sort of ruined things for me was I discovered a thing with the Recycler where if you used it in a certain manner you could produce endless supplies of materials to use with the fabrikator that nearly ruined gameplay for me. But guess it will be patched in the future.This has been my favourite game since I stopped playing Lord of the Rings online and Guildwars2"
,Recommended,480490,31729557,Posted: 13 May,all,Ouroboratika,"I enjoyed Prey so much I binged it in about 5 days. It's a fantastic immersive sim game with elements from Bioshock, Deus Ex, Dishonored, and others. The recent patch fixed up the too-quiet audio mixing, and the only bug I encountered was some sharp framerate drops in a couple of the larger rooms."
76561198046947109,Recommended,480490,31843241,Posted: 19 May,all,Post-Apocalyptic Antifa,"I'd like to preface this by saying that I am somewhere in between casual and experienced when it comes to gaming. I've played a decent amount of games and I learn the controls easily, but I tend to play on Easy or Normal difficulty. I've played and loved all of the Bioshocks.The first thing I want to mention is that the mechanics are amazing. I honestly believe the combat and upgrade mechanics are better than any of the Bioshock games. Fighting, hacking, recycling, using powers all feel smooth and convienent. It's well designed and a huge plus.The story is better than Bioshock Infinite, but not quite as good as the first Bioshock imo. It has its flaws, but the epilogue makes it pretty amazing and fascinating. A lot of the side character back stories are well fought out and the voice acting for them is great.I was happy to see that I didnt find any parts of the game annoying. There was no frustrating oxygen time limits in space nor were there any overly obnoxious gauntlets. No annoying jump scares either.The visuals are kind of complicated. The textures and graphics are amazing. I wouldn't say that anything was badly designed, but for some reason I never got the feeling of awe I got from the first Bioshock or Bioshock infinite's beginning.I'd say I have two main complaints:The audio mixing is just awful. Perhaps a patch will fix this, but sounds are all over the place. I found myself constantly adjusting noise until I just gave up and used speakers so as not to hurt my ears over dumb bs. Characters, music, enemies all have weirdly varying volume levels despite there being split volume settings (so like if you have voice volume set low, that doesnt matter because different voices have varying levels...). Also the ""oh no theres an enemy"" music would play at the most random times. Sometimes it wouldnt play when there was an enemy, or it would play when there was nothing nearby. The soundtrack as well was bland and not paticularly memorable.One of the choices which I won't spoil is kind of implied to be the wrong one. It's insanely heavy handed how much they dont want you to do it, and it makes it feel like it's not even an option despite it, imo, being the most valid, logical, and MORAL one (despite what the game implies).8/10 - If you like similar games you will like this game. I completed maybe a third of the side quests and finished it in about 21 hours. I feel like it was worth my money, and enjoyed it very much. If you don't want to get it full price, then I'd definitely reccomend it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,480490,31864971,Posted: 20 May,all,krakilin24,I enjoy it. good atmosphere.
76561197971135890,Recommended,480490,31765299,Posted: 15 May,all,Infiltrator,"*** Spoilers ***Ok, just finished it.I highly recommend this game.  I had zero save game issues and zero bugs pop up.  The closest issue I had was in finding Kaspery.  I had thought that he had not spawned outside the ship but I eventually found him (after 4 hours of looking).I also ran it on high everything on my AMD 8320 and Sahpire Vapor-X R9 270X without noticing any frame issues.  No issues at all tbh.There are many ways to complete the game, so don't listen if someone says ""you have to destroy the station"". You don't.There is a lot more I could say but I don't want to put in any more spoilers. Just install it and play it for fun, not to complete it, and you'll enjoy it."
,Recommended,480490,31778657,Posted: 15 May,all,Jibby,Very good game.  One of the more enjoyable single-player experiences I've had in a long time.
76561198077426450,Recommended,480490,31840395,Posted: 19 May,all,Daxxramas85,A Bioshock combat style/system.Stealth and upgrade mechanics like Deus Ex.And jump scares/creepiness reminiscient of Dead Space....Play this game 0_0
,Recommended,480490,31861930,Posted: 20 May,all,Neno,Pisseth off
,Recommended,480490,31799500,Posted: 16 May,all,Evilsbane,"I ran into a serious inventory glitch that deletes an item out of your inventory the first time you enter an area (Caught it early thankfully) so far aside from the stutter that was caused by the Nvidia patch (Which was easily fixed with a rollback) I have had no other serious issues (Save bugs/corruption).The game is fantastic, I would recommend playing on Hard, while the first few hours will be rough if you are even remotely decent at an FPS and resource management you will be a god before the halfway point, I am on normal and I have no desire to change but I can see how Hard may have been the way to go.It runs great and while the game is certainly not on the cutting edge of graphics I think it actually looks pretty damn good at times.The story and side missions are really interesting, the station is fun to explore and the way you build yourself up is very satisfying, any game that lets me recycle all the garbage I have found is already a winner in my book. I have already put at least 40+ hours into the main story and the hours just melt away while I am playing it is a joy to wander around and pick up and read everything I cannot wait to see how it concludes."
,Recommended,480490,31573663,Posted: 5 May,all,MrVakmix,"I was so prepared for a refund before I tried it, when I realized..... There is no need for that. ♥"
,Recommended,480490,31875799,Posted: 20 May,all,Muffiny,"Favourite game of 2017 so far, and generally amazing all around.Fantastic atmosphere, story, characters, environment, challenge, and above all else, reactivity. It really lets you go about doing things in any way, and reacts to how you choose to do (or not do) just about everything."
76561197970392622,Recommended,480490,31868049,Posted: 20 May,all,Ernest_The_Yak,My pants are permanently♥♥♥♥♥
76561198029398329,Recommended,480490,31585783,Posted: 6 May,all,Sisyphus,"A game Bethesda published that isn't a glitchy, unfinished mess? Who'da thunk it?!!!Somehow Arkane has pumped out a solid game that is challenging, fun, and functional.Go buy this game if you like Bioshock, Half-Life, or any action fps games. It's a cool concept with beautiful visuals.Go get some."
,Recommended,480490,31814818,Posted: 17 May,all,The Dude,"Bioshock... In Space!!!!!Good graphGood musicGood gameplayMediocre storyBottom line, good game."
76561198059144751,Recommended,480490,31812843,Posted: 17 May,all,Miyamoto,"That's what Bioshock: Infinite supposed to be.Decent setting, story, ongoing narrative, characters motivations and up to and including few possible endings.Outstanding art direction. Mix of art-deco and future tech is just beautiful, with a stylish drop of Dishonored-esque character design.Fulfilling shooter and stealth. Each weapon has its place and use, consumable devices are helpful, quieter tactics are justified. Rare case of Normal difficulty being Normal with challenges and tough places, not designed for a vegetable with a mouse duct-taped to it.Immersive level design with multiple ways to approach a situation and bunch of secrets, hidden areas and side quests, with some metroidvania-ish feel to it.Robust crafting, upgrade and talent system - which is a definite step forward for Arkane.All of it covered in atmospheric music and sound design.Aaaand all of it in spades - game have enough content for a few usual modern AAA-s.Few nitpicks, if any - enemy variety and visual design is somewhat lacking; still want a sniper rifle; mmm ... that seems to be it.Loved it, breath of fresh air, try it for yourself."
,Recommended,480490,31762087,Posted: 14 May,all,Hank Hill,"tl;dr: Pros: metroidvania level design, horror atmosphere, mystery story w/ alot going on underneath, smooth gameplay, excellent ability system. Can be difficult, requires patience. Cons: This is not Prey 2I love this game as much as Dishonored 1 and 2 (and they are two of my favorite games of all time). This games works well as a wonderful mix of Dishonored and Bioshock with a little bit of Deus Ex thrown in. The gameplay is incredibly intuitive and open to creatitivity. The atmosphere and music are superb. The RPG build system and abilities are all a great combination of interesting, valuable, but also not absolutely necessary. Which means that each ability has an impact on how you play the game, but pretty much all builds are viable. All forms of progression are tied into a resource system that is suprisingly not grindy or frustrating, but instead constantly rewarding and evenly paced. The level design is an excellent Metroidvania labrynthian space station with deus ex and dishonored sensibilities. This creates an environment that rivals in both enjoyment and complexity to the Metroid franchise that originally exemplified this staple of level designAs a man that loves his level design, smooth gameplay, and atmosphere; this game is no contest for my top favorite games. On top of this, the setting and story are creepy, mysterious, and adictive as hell. It's a game that focuses on gameplay, with the story setting the stage and unravelling as you wonder the paranoia inducing coridors. If you choose to, you can delve into the underlying mysteries and conspiracies within the walls via emails and audio logs and environmental story telling as well as the numerous sidequests (none of which feel unnecessary). Everything in this game adds to some bigger set piece that has this interesting (however vaguely familliar and a bit cliche) science fiction horror mystery. There is no wasted space or time, everything in this game means something either from a narrative or gameplay perspective.It is important, however, to recognize that this is not a straight shooter. This game requires patience and careful thinking, and it can be potentially very hard in the beginning. Enemies take a few shots to kill and they can tear through you very easily. Especially early on, resource management is important.Typically I am fairly critical of games, but I struggle to find anything that is particularly glaring. I recognize that this is not necesarially the game that Prey fans wanted, however, I cannot consider myself in that category as I did not play the original.  On its own, I would argue that this game is a masaterpiece."
76561198006704542,Recommended,480490,31687450,Posted: 11 May,all,Murdoc the Great,"Great game, I just finished it, and that ending, no spoilers, was fantastic, it threw you for a loopThe game is System Shock 3 in a lot of good ways, and for those who have not played it, think Bio Shock in space, but a lot more horror tension. You don't run and gun in this, you take your time, gather resources that are scarce, and plan every fight when you can, but sometimes you can't, the game throws enemies on you sometimes, some might say jump scares but I don't agree, you can always hear, almost feel when an enemy is close, and you truly feel desperate when you don't.The game has a great RPG system, just as Dishonored that let's you play the way you want to playAnd many interesting side questsThere is a lot of backtracking, but in a good way, the station feel interconnected and lived in, like a real placeAnd the game can be tense and horrifying at times, I did not expect that, but I loved itThis is truly a game you must play if you like games like System or Bio Shock"
,Recommended,480490,31756962,Posted: 14 May,all,Sir Muffins,"Great game if you're a fan of Bioshocks, Half Lifes, games in that genre. Enemies are okay but the most fun I found out of this game is there are a thousand ways to complete one thing. When you get a decent amount of powers it gets a huge sandbox feel to it.If you are a fan of a million ways to open a door then this is the game for you!"
76561198008214067,Recommended,480490,31829286,Posted: 18 May,all,Unsäglich-stechender-Schmerzi,Amazing Game.About 30 hours for a single playthrough if you explore everything.9/10
,Recommended,480490,31834910,Posted: 18 May,all,PrincessLuna_gamer,"""Bravo!!""Having just finished Prey a few minutes ago, this word is all I have to say about the game. A brilliant story mixed with challenging yet interesting gameplay, with a powerful ending of moral dilemma as one struggles to define humanity through their choices and actions.The game is surprisingly well optimized. Running the game on 4k resolution at high settings, the game offered me a steady 60fps with only very minor occasions dropping to the low 40s. The graphics, while not the best, is certainly beautiful enough to meet a high modern standard.The story offers a brilliant campaign supplemented by a variety of sidequests. One will find oneself facing against all kinds of situations, oftentimes struggling just to barely survive abroad Talos I, the alien infested space station. The role of predator and prey may switch at a blink of an eye. Furthermore, one can install powerful ""neuromods"" to complement their plastyle. Whether one prefers to be a fierce combatant, a covert operative or a scientist/engineer, there is always something for everyone. With the choice of installing Typhon neuromods, one can turn the aliens' abilities on themselves. Whether morphing into a turret or a laser firing combat drone, to engulf enemies in psychic flame or to teleport and avoid detection, your powers are at your command.The story takes the player through a complex journey of love, hate, friendship, family, moral dilemma, and humanity. As a typical first day on the job takes a sharp turn, one would witness that in all the death and destruction, people grasping onto the remaining hope and struggles to survive and fight. In the end, the game escalates from averting disaster to a question regarding the very definition of humanity, the future of mankind in the player's hand.The only complain one would likely have regarding the game would be related to the slightly tedious and repetitive gameplay. One would constantly find oneself in the endless loop of kill, recycle, craft, repeat. The gameplay, while not impossible, is surprisingly tough at times. And a few wrong moves in combat has the potential of ruining the entire game (so save often!)9/10. This is definitely one of the better games that came out during 2017.Specs: Alienware 15 R2 w/ Graphic Amplifier; Intel i7-6700HQ CPU; Nvidia GeForce GTX970M w/ 3GB GDDR5 VRAM; Nvidia GeForce GTX980Ti w/ 6GB GDDR5 VRAM (Core Overclock 1450MHz); Crucial 16GB DDR4-2133 SODIMM RAM; Dell D60A M-02 385W power supply; Samsung NVMe PM951 256GB SSD; HN-M101SAD 1TB HDD; running at 3840x2160 resolution."
,Recommended,480490,31839841,Posted: 19 May,all,AAA,"PREY is what you get when combine Bioshock, Deus Ex, Dishonored, Half-Life. What is more important, PREY doesn't feel like a replica, it is an original, distinctive game. And I hope we'll get a chance to revisit that exciting world. Buy the game to make my dream come true :D10 out of 10 mugs"
,Recommended,480490,31677935,Posted: 10 May,all,Leet,"Great game.The level design is on point. Lot's of shortcuts and secrets. There are plenty of ways to approach a situation. The exploration feels very rewarding. Lots of cool skills and upgrades.The game runs very well. i7-6700k, 980Ti. No issues so far.Thumbs up."
76561198083035660,Recommended,480490,31878388,Posted: 21 May,all,Darkoasis,System Shock and Bioshock had a kid. We will call him Shock. That kid grew up and married Deus Ex. Shock and Deus Ex had a kid named Dishonored. Dishonored eventually adopted a child. His name was Prey.
,Recommended,480490,31891268,Posted: 21 May,all,Lootfisk,"This will be remembred  as one of the greats for years to come, along side the Bioshocks, Half-lifes, Portals, etc. Good work to all who helped create such quality content that all future AAA video games must rise to be, otherwise any title that falls flat will be ""Okay, but not as good as Prey."""
,Recommended,480490,31683939,Posted: 11 May,all,Oathbreaker,"Another game published by Bethesda, expectations was as usual, a great game.If you like the Bioshock games and Dishonored, you will love this game.Game of the year? Probably^^"
,Recommended,480490,31942605,Posted: 24 May,all,SaintAndrew92,"Completed the first playthrough on Normal mode, took about 30 hours.-The Good-Responsive controls, good feeling to the guns.The art style is really nice and the design of the Typhon enemies are decent.Fun and varied upgrades in the form of neuromods, similar to Dishonored's upgade system.A large number of side quests and optional areas to keep you busy.Multiple endings depending on your play style.[*}Achievements give some replay value.The Looking Glass technology is incredible! SImilar to Titan Fall's reality switch, but happening at the same timeHidden backstorys throughout the game that tell you about staff on Talos1.-The Bad-The game relies heavily on fetch quests, ""Oh no a problem has arisen."" ""Go to this place, collect an item, then come back."" It's basically the entire game and some variation would have been nice.Collision issues with geometry, items and NPCs. I became stuck numerous times in small spaces and up against operators who trapped me in grav lifts.Difficulty scale takes a sharp and almost unfair turn towards the middle/end of the game.A supposed safe zone spawned a mimic which proceeded to flush my survivors out into the lobby and killed everyone.Microgravity sections are NOT fun, Talos Exterior is slow to navigate around and waypoints disappear when you aproach them leaving me often confused.-The Ugly-Upon attempting a second playthrough, a key item would not spawn and there were no save points that would allow me to restart the area (or anywhere in the playthrough for that matter!). I had to abandon and have lost interest in the game at the moment.But I really did enjoy my first playthrough, if you don't mind hunting for emails and audiotapes then you'll find that the story is quite well thought through, but sometimes that makes things easy to miss,"
,Recommended,480490,31944475,Posted: 24 May,all,FluffyPantsExtreme,Great gameplay and a really good story . Overall very fun and definitely worth a buy .
,Recommended,480490,31901629,Posted: 22 May,all,☭[22ND]☭H4nK-HiLL-Xx,Hmm how to explain.. This is as if Dead Space had a little fiddle with a big daddy's diddle from Bioshock.Very nice indeed.
76561197970474299,Recommended,480490,31627275,Posted: 8 May,all,WeezabuzZ,"Best game of it's type since Half life. It's been a long time since i played a game this good. Great keyboard/mouse controls, crafting system, story and overall such fun to play! It's freakin' awesome!The Mimics remind me of a particular episode of Red Dwarf - Hilarious sometimes!"
,Recommended,480490,32054640,Posted: 29 May,all,moishpain,"This game really clicked with what I enjoy in games on almost every level and I can already tell it has a solid place in my top favorite games.It was a very fun experiecne, in my 39 hours of gameplay so far it didn't felt too repretitive or had parts I didn't enjoy. That is mostly because the game doesn't force you to do thing one way and you have variety options to approach problems and can just go with what suits you the best before it gets too frustrating. I'm not a fan of sitting through hours of cut scenes so getting the story together from wrttings and audiologs was also fun plus. I love the story and the characters on the space station. Maybe few more npc or jsut npc that are more reactive would be nice.Not a huge variety of enemies or guns, but I liked it like that. I think it did good for the atmosphere of the game.I only experienced two bugs that I noticed, they were with npcs not allowing me to finish my side ops (with the prisoner running away from me after I freed him? Then I jsut found him dead later and Mikhaila father's tape never appeared after I got it so I couldn't play it for her?! Maybe more luck on the second try! )In all I am very happy with this purchase and hope there will be some dlc expandign the story!"
,Recommended,480490,33470147,Posted: 11 July,all,Demon Cleaner,"Prey is an atmospheric solid action RPG that is relatively well-written and thrives on organic ""play your way"" gameplay. It's not perfect as there's quite a few faults like some pretty rough difficulty spikes at some points (Seriously, ♥♥♥♥ Military Operators), the ""scare"" factor just quite isn't there, a lack of supplies and ammo can become a problem during certain stetches of the game, and fighting mimics using melee can be quite sloppy at times. But despite some pretty glaring faults it's really hard to get too negative on Prey. I have a massive soft spot for games inspired by the Shock series and this one wears said influences proudly on its sleeve. The three main hallmarks of ""oh ♥♥♥♥ everything has gone horribly wrong here and I need to pick up the pieces (with audiologs)"", intigration of philosophy, and limited cutscenes all found in the shock games are clearly in Prey. Another positive is the sheer depth of the game, there's a solid leveling system with the neuromods, tons of secrets and sidequests to explore, a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of emails/magazines/books/audiologs to find out the history of Talos One, and the pyschoscope and use of backtracking brings might even boast some Metroid Prime comparisons.I hope Arkane Studios continues this series (based on the ending, hopefully there's more to come). Because while it doesn't quite have the perfectly smooth gameplay of Arkane's other IP, Dishonored, there's still a lot of going for Prey. Late game combat is still a blast and the writing, story, and characterization (while not Bioshock or TLOU by any means) and miles ahead of Dishonored. Not quite worth a 60 dollar tag, but if it goes on sale and you enjoy the games that inspired it, I think you'll enjoy this one too. As I've previously said, it's far from perfect, but there's defintely enough substance to at least keep you occupied until the very end."
,Recommended,480490,33386788,Posted: 8 July,all,Synthia Vice,"The good:-Excellent graphics, gameplay is smooth and rarely suffers from glitches or lag-Nonlinear gameplay using multiple routes to accomplish tasks based on player preference-Crafting/ability to upgrade weapons-Skill tree allowing player to adapt their character to their preferred playstyle-Inventory system-Solid singleplayer experience-Closer spiritual successor to System Shock than Bioshock franchiseThe bad:-Forgettable plot-Unlikeable characters-Not much replay value-Very little variety in weapons and enemiesThe ugly:-Excessive load timesVerdict: 4 out of 5"
76561198045241883,Recommended,480490,33261458,Posted: 4 July,all,Crossbro,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. No joke.Anything you get from Arkane Studios should be a solid choice for a great game, but this takes the cake for my personal favorite game that they have made.The main things I loved about this game were: The Soundtrack, The Freedom of Exploration, The Station, and The Abilites/Tools you aquire.The Soundtrack is created by Mick Gordon, who has also made the Doom (2k16) soundtrack. This is just an erie, mysterious soundtrack that keeps you in the world you explore. Certain pieces like: ""Everything Is Going to Be Okay"", ""Semi Sacred Geometry"" and ""December and January"" are my personal favorites. If you like synth music, these tracks will please you. I hope.Exploration was just a treat in this game. After a little bit of progression, you are completely free to move about the ship as you see fit. This is exactly how I like to play, because I can explore a wing till im sick of it, and move on to another one and not even bother touching the main story.The Station itself was a beautiful place to explore and maneuver around in. It has this wonderful lived in feeling that I can equate to Bioshock. Both Rapture and Talos I feel like there were people living and working here, and then a catastrophe happened and thats what you slowly uncover: how this wonderous place fell into the abyss.The Items and Powers you aquire in the game are entirely entertaining and refined in their own way. No ability feels worthless by any means, and its a joy to test out a new power or an upgraded tool on an enemy. Im attempting not to spoil anything in the game, but by far my favorite power was the Mimic ability. The oppertunity to roll around a space station and screw with shadowy beings as a desk lamp was a certain highlight of my first playthrough.Finally: Ive played through this game twice so far, and I am planning on doing at least 2 more times.I have never done this so fast with any other game, not in the past 3 years of me playing video games.If you are on the fence, I'd highly recommend this game. I love it to death.10/10, solid game of the year nominee."
,Recommended,480490,32332340,Posted: 10 June,all,Aron,"Very atmospheric first person 'shooter' with quality story and non linear approach to gameplay. One minus - it's goddamn short, but several walkthroughs with different choices may make up for it."
,Recommended,480490,31643050,Posted: 9 May,all,Midget,"I'm loving this game. But after hitting about the 12 hour mark it seems like 80% of my saves don't work.As soon as that's fixed I would absolutely recommend this.Edit: Issue has been fixed, rather quickly as well which is a great sign. Sure it was a lot of overtime for the team."
76561198019183905,Recommended,480490,33244520,Posted: 4 July,all,LostManAbroad,"I have always love Bethesda's games but this game is a work of art. I do not have the words to recommend this strongly enough. The storyline (The one I played through, yes there are a few) is fantastically written.  Really complex story yet easy to understand. The gameplay is amazing. The station you run around in the game is so well designed it gives a real feeling of being on a station in space. If you like first person shooters that are non-linear and come with an amazing storyline then this is the game for you.I have just completed it and I am tempted to just raise the difficulty and jump straight back in. Cannot recommend this enough. I bought it in a sale but even if I had paid full price, it would easily have been worth it. This is the best game I have played in years."
,Recommended,480490,33291619,Posted: 5 July,all,[Soft_Talker] Dr. Nasty,"This game is so excellent that it enrages me. I am one of the few who actually pre-ordered the original Prey around a decade ago. I was incredibly disappointed and furious when Prey 2 was cancelled and replaced with what is Prey 2017. The fact that this game exists means that I will never get another adventure in the original Prey universe, but I have to give it the props it deserves.This game is a System/BioShock clone through and through, and that is NOT a bad thing, nor does the game try to pretend otherwise. You get powers and abilities that you level, you're stuck in a cramped place where everything went wrong, you have audiologs everywhere to elaborate on the devestation, twists are mandatory and moral choices must be made. You know the drill.This game feels like it was made by people who actually love this style of game. The shooting is good, the length is excellent, the powers are fun, the exploration and discovery feel just right and the story is more than enough to keep you interested. If that sounds like something you would enjoy, it is.Buy this game, it is worth it, and it hurts me to say that."
,Recommended,480490,33434860,Posted: 10 July,all,Pyromancer,"It was an unexpected surprise to find how good it was, heavily reminding me of System Shock 2. No idea why was it named ""Prey"" though, or why the trailers represent it as some kind of high-octane shooter as it's really neither of those."
76561198067293225,Recommended,480490,31635716,Posted: 8 May,all,joey.dobbs,"where to start , this game is a clear ""Bioshock""inspired story and this reflects in the combat as well , the storyline is pretty solid, it plays out in a dynamic ""choose your own path of traval"" fashion  you level up using neuromods to progress many different branches from combat & Physical ability (security) , building & repair (engineering) and hacking and Medicine (science) they feel very slow to progress but allow you to choose what kind of gameplay you wish to encounter . for example you can upgrade your strength to move something heavy blocking your path or upgrade science and hack your way through a door. the the hacking involves a minigame that invloves moving a bouncy ball through blocks towards a target if you fail it damages you , it feels more like a chore than a minigame as its more difficult than it sounds. Every enemy feels like a small boss too me due to their attacks being nye impossble to avoid and dealing tremendous amounts of damage (early game anyway * I was playing on Medium Difficulty) not to mention  the combat doesn't seem to me to be nearly as dynamic as I was initally led to believe In bioshock the ways of taking down enemies were clear and ever present as well as easily accessable. In Prey asides from trying to throw something explosive in the environment or using conventional weapons  or a placable turret I didn't see too many fancy ways of taking down opponents. you do get the ability to use ""Psychic powers"" and similar to the plasmids in Bioshock but behaving more like the Biotics in Mass Effect It's use comes with a cooldown but does add some diversity in attacking or eluding enemies. *Note: you don't receive your first for a considerable amount of time in game. In a nutshell if you avoid viewing this game as a Bioshock relative you'll appreciate more of what it has to offer which is almost like a FPS version of Dead Space. I give it a 7 out of 10 for its interesting weaponary and attempt to be dynamic in many areas but it falls short of my own expectations of  combat and character develpment through upgrades as they didn't feel very game changing until I upgraded several times in many areas. But is It worth 60$ ? meh really depends who you ask  just know that It's probably not for everybody I personally felt it was a bit overrated Just my own subjective opinion."
76561198060937208,Recommended,480490,33296421,Posted: 5 July,all,SauceySauce,Worth the money. Slow-paced yet rewarding gameplay feels like a mix between Deus Ex and Dishonored. Exploration is also key to getting the most out of this game.A solid 30 hour experience with an ending that will make you reconsider all your choices throughout the game.
76561198039387206,Recommended,480490,33597010,Posted: 16 July,all,Dawg,"Waow. Just finished it up and i cant give the game enough praise. picked it up on sale but this is one of the fist games in a long time that i truly believe should cost 60 dollars. every single crew member has a story and is accounted for leading to great moments of exploration. they really urge you to explore every nook and cranny in the map for secret codes, raw materials and the occasional god-send recycler charge. If you thought Bioshock or resident evil 7 were good games prepared to have your socks blown off by PREY!"
76561198088947898,Recommended,480490,31570839,Posted: 5 May,all,Eggsy,"So I'll start off by saying this is a brillant game and one that I believe is a must play for action/advenutre RPG fans.Take Bioshock and Dishonred, set it in a Space Station with an alien infestation and  you've got something similar to PreY, though that doesn't begin to do it justice. Similar to BioShock, you awaken in a strange palce in a strange setting. With no recolletion of how or where you are, you're one goal in the begining is simple: survive. Over the course of the game however, you become stronger, gaining new powers and abilites to level the playing field; whether you want to accept those power and the responsibility and concequences that may or may not come with them is another matter.In the same vein as Dishonered, there are plenty of sidequest and multiple ways to complete many of them, choosing who to save and who to kill, who to trust and who to turn away. It's in those quest outside of the story that I perhaps found the game most rewarding. They all meant something. Each audiolog you listended to, each email you read, each body you found, those were the lives and the memoirs of the people lost aboard Talos 1.The game does have it flaws, specifiaclly a few bugs (one of which prevented me from compelteing a side quest) and graphics that seem a little outdated. Despite its flaws however, this is easily one of the best games of the year and one of my all time favorites. I eagerly await a sequel or simply more from the same studio."
76561198203543728,Recommended,480490,31584616,Posted: 6 May,all,Cambone,this game is very good it has a feel to dishonor a lot it makes think im playing that game but this game has a whole level to it
,Recommended,480490,31570022,Posted: 5 May,all,King Aria,"Definately worth the buy. There is absolutely NO handholding in this game which is exactly what I wanted. It really feels like a retro game brought into 2017.Ammo is scarce which makes combat a real challenge. Most times you'll want to avoid phantoms. Finding ways to break into rooms are a challenge in itself: will you find an e-mail outlining the location of a key somewhere or will you use your wits to find your way in?The story is great so far (about 5 hours in). Finding and reading notes by people who lived on the station is a great way to catch up on the in-game lore. In terms of scare factor, it isn't too scary. I'm glad they didn't go with the 'cheap scare' route where enemies randomly pop up and scare the heck out of you. It's a lot scarier hearing enemy footsteps near you and knowing that if they spot you at any time, you could get killed. It's also scary seeing an object you were about to pick up turn into an enemy and attack you.All in all, I give this game a 10/10. Definately a modern classic."
,Recommended,480490,31584169,Posted: 6 May,all,Hi5 Titan,"To start of, I am not a person who like horror games or movies.  But this game is the right amout of horror and ""dishonored"" to make me really enjoy it.  Unlike Dishonored 2, this game has had a soild PC launch and the only bugs I have enountered are audio bugs that may be because I switch windows, if you liked Dishonored, or Bioshock and dont mind being jumpscared a little bit, then I recommend this game.  If not, save your money."
76561198036079350,Recommended,480490,31578841,Posted: 6 May,all,psychomaded,"Only a few hours in so far, will update this review the more I progress through the game, but so far, truly brilliant.The atmosphere is fantastic, very creepy the moment the first mimic appears, and the different ways you can approach each situation are also very cool, I like taking my time finding everything and exploring, this game offers countless options to do that, very well realised world and backstory to everything to, definitely recommend (so far haha)"
76561198079566461,Recommended,480490,31573845,Posted: 5 May,all,caprisun,"So far it's great, unique gameplay, it doesnt fell like anyother game I have played. Runs good."
76561198041476151,Recommended,480490,31565888,Posted: 5 May,all,Orgazmaloma,"Systemshockbiospace, 10/10"
,Recommended,480490,31554998,Posted: 5 May,all,"Gwyn, Lord of Cinder",Where the option for multi-track drifting.Only played for about an hour so far and really enjoying the atmosphere so far.
,Recommended,480490,31556933,Posted: 5 May,all,Elyrien Valkyr,"Prey does a lot of things right, and a lot of this very wrong.TL;DNR = If you can push passed the glaring / mounting issues, you'll probably enjoy some really interesting and well done game mechanics.What went right:I can't really tell why exactly this is a sequal to the original Prey, as nothing in this has to do with the original. In many ways, though I liked the original a lot, it's all the better for it. This game is more along the lines of Bioshock 1 meets Deus Ex. For the most part, it takes the best of both games and throws it all into space where you fight a few thousand instances of ""The Thing"" monsters.Theres some really witty jokes in the game, as well as some dark morality. The morality in the game actually feels to be a real moral choice. Will you kill a prisoner in a grusome way to get a temporary bonus of supplies? Or will you spare them and get nothing but a pass code that may or may not help you later on? Or will you craft the Nerf Crossbow and shoot foam darts at his face all day?Pretty much every weapon feels unique, as well as many of them are something we haven't really seen before in games. Sure theres the old faithfull's the 9mm and the shotgun, but how about a Gel gun that puts out fires, slows and stuns enemies, and can build ramps up to objects most games youd never be able to get to. Or what about a grenade that literally converts everything in its range into construction materials? Lob one of these into a horde of enemies and use them to make level up items. Or grab all the corpses in the level, throw them into a pile with some metal crates, and convert the dead into medkits.The level system is very much like deus ex, if not exactly. You have your standards; health +, armor +, magic +, inventory / strength +, hacking +, but you also get some fairly unique ones as well.The maps have a deus ex feel to them as well, where you can take the direct apporach and probably fight aliens, or you can search for a vent to bypass them entirely. So far it seems that stealth is a viable option for about 60% of the game.What went very wrong:The vast majority of this game is filled with quality effort and design. However there are clearly parts of the game which were either skipped over, or lazily designed. For example, there are shelves and bookcases without coliders, yet everything in them has one. So you can walk through the object and slide everything into a wall, sending everything everything flying.The combat can be interesting or infuriating. Monsters are incredibly tough, and most have an ability that will kill you in two hits. This seems to be to incourage players to take the stealth approach, but I have not once needed to or even wanted to. The mimic ability that they show on commercials uses 10 of your 100 psy / magic to cast, then an aditional 2 per second to maintain. It will stop mimics from noticing you, until you move. So I cant find a reason this even exists except for something cool for ads. Every enemy patrols / waits, so if you hide with that ability, they will sit in the same room with you until you either move, or run out of psymagic energy.The most agregious things in this game are, so far; the movement, locking, and lighting.Movement - the forward movement, as well as leans are great, and feel about right for natural movement. However your backpedal, I believe, is somewhere around 1 mile per day. It's so painfully slow and will cause many deaths for many players. Like being caught in quicksand, in lead boots, while being pulled into a black hole, made of tar.Locking - Everything in this game is a ♥♥♥♥ing lock on. Im not talking about locking onto enemies, I mean basic actions. Entering a password, locks you in place to use the pad, regardless of whats hitting you. Using your camera / zoom head gear, locks that♥♥♥♥♥♥on screen, so you cant get rid of it with simple actions. Even using your psy abilities will only temporarily get rid of it. Every menu, every action, every interface, all things require you to hit a specific button, then hit it again to return to the normal play. This sounds incredibly petty, but dear god it stacks into a huge issue. It would be fine if you could just hit esc to push all that♥♥♥♥♥♥away and bring it back to the game, but no that just brings up the menu. Not the ingame menu, the second menu that controls the game. Its one of those games.Lighting - This is by far the worst issue in the game that I've encountered so far. The other issues with the game are fairly small to me. They're all frustrating, but I believe the lighting mechanics in this game should have been a fireable offense in the development team. The standard lighting in the game is actually really well done. Which makes it all the more notable that RANDOMLY in combat it will turn your lighting down to basically off. Sometimes your screen will be near pitch black, and I have yet to discern what causes it, or why. In these moments you absolutely have to use your flashlight to even see anything. Don't forget though, that the room you're in is completely and very well lit. Yet for some reason you have just gone basically blind out of nowhere. Then in some occasions the lighting will skyrocket, and god help you if you had your flashlight on at that point. I think I actually went blind watching that for a few seconds. There's no way to turn this off. I don't even know what it would be called if there was.Some people are complaining about the frame rate, some people are complaining about motion blur, or drm. I submit that it is easily 100x worse when your screen just starts to dim and black out for no ♥♥♥♥ing reason in combat, when youre fighting extremely fast PITCH BLACK MONSTERS. On top of which they can teleport about 30 feet in under a second. So lets blind the player."
,Recommended,480490,31719546,Posted: 13 May,all,Webby,"EDIT:So after putting 45+ hours into my first playthrough, I can say that I very much enjoyed playing.  Everything mentioned below holds.  I rate it 8.3/10.  I was a little disappointed with the short ending and the loading time between zones (which your jumping between quite frequently), so it loses points.  But, it did leave me thinking about another playthrough.----------------------------------------I was unsure as to whether I should buy this game originally.  But im glad I did.  The game has this oldschool feel to it that I cant quite put my finger on.  Im getting a real System Shock 2 and BioShock vibe though.So far im rather intrigued by whats going on, I actually want to find out more which is always a selling point for myself.  Love a good story.  There also appears to be an abundance of lore to read for those so inclined.Combat is very varied in how you can approach it.  Melee, Stealth, Gunplay...  you can also avoid it.  Or like me, you can carry turrets from place to place and set up kill zones, lure them in and loot whats left.Seems like it has a good crafting system too, generally worth picking up everything, even the junk as it is useful when recycled, and I dont mean that in a 'lets save the planet' way.The mimics definitely keep you on your toes.  Damn things could be anything!  Its like IKEA's worst nightmare!  If something looks suspicious, hit it!  If it doesnt, hit it anyway just to be sure.Will rate once im further though.  But so far, really enjoying."
,Recommended,480490,31642844,Posted: 9 May,all,Dragon,"Fantastic game, feels a lot like a Bioshock title with a space station as the setting, but with elements of Dishonored and even Deus Ex woven into it. Considering I have had a rig with a i7 4790 and a GTX 770 for almost 4 years now, they still run this game surprisingly smoothly which is more than I can say for other new titles!Loved Talos I's non-linear map design, of course there are a few places that won't be instantly available to you from the word go, but considering that the space station was originally constructed back in the 60s according to Prey lore, the level of artistry and detail makes it something worth exploring even if you are being hunted down by the Typhon! If you're keen on completing all the optional sidequests though, expect to do a fair bit of backtracking through Talos I which might get a little repetitive for some of you.The gameplay itself is well-executed; the physics are done so that you can interact with almost any object you find. Some people might say that there isn't enough overall variety with the Typhon, but they do present an interesting challenge to you which I would take any day over variety or excess. Lack of variety might also be said about weaponry: only 6 different actual weapons and 4 types of grenades, all of which can be found surprisingly early in the game. However, if you consider that you can use neuromods to gain more offensive abilities, it compensates for the small range of handheld weapons. The Recyclers and Fabricators found around Talos I enable you with many more options and allow you to tailor not just your inventory, but can also indirectly shape your approach to the gameplay and progression through the game.I chose a specific course which had its pros and cons but it worked out very well for me. There's always more than one way of handling any situation in this game, whether it's choosing to employ stealth, dealing with a certain type of Typhon, gaining access to a room, using your items and weapons to create alternatives, even choosing whether to save your workers or to let them die. It's not just a case of making a 50:50 decision at a critical juncture in the plot; all of these basic gameplay factors both inside and outside the story, have an impact on Prey's ending, which is why the game has enough replay value to merit doing more than one playthrough.If there are any niggling minor cons to Prey, I feel like the markers for the objectives could be more easily distinguishable from each other as they appear both on the map and on your UI in the middle of the game. I also feel that stealth in this game is somewhat limited by very basic mechanics; there are some Typhon that will detect you no matter what and if you want to maximise stealth then you're practically conscripted into selecting specific neuromods.But definitely a terrific game overall. If you like either Bioshock or Dishonored, then this game is worth having. 9.5/10"
76561197992734809,Recommended,480490,32074388,Posted: 30 May,all,Rob Brennan,If you likes deus Ex and or system shock/bioshock then you will love this. Took me 38 hrs on my 1st playthrough and i will definately do it again making differant decisions and neuromod upgrades. 5/5
,Recommended,480490,32065493,Posted: 30 May,all,ivobrowny,"Prey is a great game. It has a rich story that you may discover, but since it's non-linear you certainly don't have to. All situations can be solved in many different ways depending on your preferences. I personally player for around 31 hours for one playthrough, and I only completed roughly half or slightly more than half of the available optional side quests. The game invites you to play again in a different fashion, trying other abilities (or not choosing them at all). Definitely among the best games I have played this year."
,Recommended,480490,31574262,Posted: 5 May,all,Pocket Sand,"It's the hateful lovechild of Bioshock, Dishonored, Deadspace, and Prophunt."
76561198074654608,Recommended,480490,31574443,Posted: 5 May,all,bauMan,"Prey combined Half Life, Bioshock, System Shock 2 together! Optimizted great and a lot of content to explore. The soundtrack is very immersive and the gameplay puts you on the edge of your seat looking out for mimicrys. Worth the price, great work from devs."
76561198016884143,Recommended,480490,31816341,Posted: 17 May,all,Temp950,"I am almost done with my second playthrough, and enjoyed every second of  this game. I was wary about buying this game, because of how badly optimized dishonored 2 was for the PC, and this is by Arkane as well. But thankfully, the game runs smoothly except for one small section 3/4ths of the way into the game. I also thought this game might be dishonored in space, but its not that either. If I had to compare this game to another, it would have to be Bioshock. TThere are relativelly few weapons, and that was a bit irritating at first, but soon that stop being a problem as your abilities become more powerful. The game has a great story and the space station on which it takes place really feels fleshed out, like it is a real place instead of something artificial. For example: you will all too often sneak into an area through vents, or explore an interesting place or go out of your way to reach somewhere, only to find nothing there. This is something that seems like a bad thing at first, but makes perfect sense. There is no reason for there to be useful items at the top of some pipes overhead just because its hard to get to. Most games try and reward the player for exploring, so often you find items that are laying around for you in hard to reach places. Prey does no such things. Items are where you would expect them to be. Ammo is not found lying around for you conveniently before you face a boss. Instead it is found in security stations, on the corpses of security officers, etc. And the station is absolutely enormous, with so much detail poured into vertical spaces that I had to explore them all. A lot of rooms  have a maze of structures above, and secrets are everywhere in the game for those who like exploring. While the game is not truly a horror game, there are still a bunch of incredibly tense moments, especially early in the game when most of the enemies you encounter will kill you before you can so much as run.One advice to anyone starting this game- Play it on Nightmare. The game really shines there, as you become overpowered soon, and the game loses its challenge on the lower difficulties rather quickly, turning it into a vanilla shooter.ProsGood length for a game at about 15+ hoursExcellent graphics for the most partWonderfully fleshed out world that feels aliveAlmost no bugsConsMusic is a bit jarring and loud, so turning it down was the first thing I did.Lack of gun types, and awfully underpowered sounds for them.Game becomes too easy later on, especially at lower difficulties"
76561198056636312,Recommended,480490,31933681,Posted: 24 May,all,Fanta,"A modernized System Shock 2. What's not to like? Combat is solid, good and big level design, after a few hours the story had me committed to the game (not right away), and an awesome finale. You can crank up difficulty and make it real tough. With steam update v1.03 a few glitches, none game-breaking."
76561198018404876,Recommended,480490,31559917,Posted: 5 May,all,xlignieres,"I can safely say that this is the very first time that a game makes me ""Scared"" of furniture and other random objects and my wife had a good time watching me shooting at chairs !But is this game any good ? short answer yes it is good very good indeed.If you like Bioshock, Dishonored, Deus Ex, Half Life, System Shock 2 you are probably going to love this game.It has a great engaging story that captivates you from the very start and keeps you interested ! Its a great alternate history/ alternate future 80's techno science fiction version of the future and has an old school science fiction movie feel to it which is amazing (Think Alien , 2001 A Space Odyssey) if you are a fan of ""serious""science fiction with very interesting themes you will probably enjoy Prey.The Art Style is also great and looks like something between Bioshock Dishonored  and Deus Ex the Graphics are good without being groundbreaking but the game runs perfectly and is very well optimised so honestly there is nothing to complain about here Oh and the animations are amazing especially the Mimics.Prey plays great the gameplay is very well thought and all the mechanics work great the game acheives something that is quite rare in games these days and actually makes you want to experiment different play styles and take different apporaches giving you the freedom to approach a situation the way you want to. Prey is also feels fresh it does not feel like a re-skin of another game it has some extremely interesting mechanics  that will really mess with you ! The Mimics (the main alien foes you will encounter) as their name implies can literally take the appearance of anything and will actually make you feel very paranoid I would not say that the game is scary it does have a few scares however it is challenging game even on Normal difficulty. Prey has some interesting puzzles that are not very hard but rewarding and always interesting.This game sounds amazing I am playing with 7.1 surround and it is just breathtaking all the little sounds are  great and really add to the experience actually as far as sound goes its close to Alien Isolation level with very small details adding to the general atmosphere of the game. The music choice is interesting but works great with the whole 80's retro science fiction vibe.I Have been trying to find negatives worth mentioning but most of it are little technical quirks that will probably be patched very soon.If I would have to give Prey a score I would give it 9/10 it is a Solid Story Driven Action FPS with RPG elements that will surly please science fiction fans.PS : I am aware of the whole controversy around the branding of the game and the original Prey and to be fair it is something that also upset me at first but given the final result it would be a shame to missout on such a great game ! Just think of this game as System Shock 3 not as Prey 2 !Hoping this review helps you make a decision !"
76561198073606145,Recommended,480490,31661168,Posted: 10 May,all,andreyk37,Very reminiscient of Bioshock... but better.
,Recommended,480490,32556711,Posted: 18 June,all,sw18576,System Shock + Half Life 1 + Deus Ex Human Revolution = PREYA masterpiece of a game...
,Recommended,480490,32542978,Posted: 18 June,all,tommosaur,"Prey is like a modern mixture of genre classics like system shock, dishonored, bioshock and a few others.And a quite well made one at that. So yes, that already makes it get my attention.It takes place on space station Talos 1 where one is one of the few survivors and stepwise uncovers the mysteries of what went down and what's up now.What becomes clear quickly is that the station has been overrun by a fierce alien species which can morph humans into scary beasts of their own.As one progresses through the game, one can decide to build one's skills up in more ""human"" typical way, like increase your strength, hacking abilities etc, or one can go down the path of becoming more and more like the aliens on the station, with their super human skills, but stepwise loosing more of one's humanity.One can tackle many situations in multiple ways. There's a locked room, do i look for the code/keycard, do i hack the door, do i break a glass window on the other side and shoot at the opening door button inside the room with a dart or do i use my gloo gun to paint a staircase on the wall next to it to climb up and over the wall to get in?Just a single example for how one can approach many situations in different ways.I'd call Prey a psychological thriller game more than an fps.Because until levelled up a good bit, shooting is often the worse choice and it's also more about exploring and uncovering mysteries and playing through story involving objectives rather than just mindless shooting focus.Especially earlier on while one is not as levelled up yet, the different alien types are actually quite scary, they can kill one easily and just their stomps and appearing and attacking sounds can really make one shiver.So much that it forms a very dense mysterious and scary atmo and that remains throughout the game.Several of the enemies are also more intelligent than the average cannon fodder grunts in many other games. They can follow one on staircases and lifts to other floors so one has to be sneaky or run to some safer place really fast regularly.What i liked most is how there are so many optional objectives popping up and one can decide what type of character one wants to be, help people or go other paths.It feels very organic because one can decide at multiple moments to take onwards different missions which take things further a different way.Overall it's a great game and i'd recommend it for the spooky moody atmo on the station. It never makes one feel comfy or like it's a place one wants to stay in lengthy, it's just so murderous and scary feeling most of the time. At the same time, it really gets one with the mood and mystery and in my case wanting to help the remainign survivors.I also loved aspects like being able to float around in space and get to different portions of the station in ways that feel more organic and dynamic than all pre scripted single paths.I also like the system a lot where one can collect all sorts of junk and then use recyclers to turn it into cubes of materials one can then use in fabricator machines to create all sorts of very useful things. That includes items like ammo, but also items which allow one to upgrade skills further. I felt like that adds a lot of elegance to the items, weapons and skill tree systems because it allows the player to choose more freely when to get and use what instead of one getting things only in hard set regulated way all the time. It also makes collecting everything that can be recycled so much more useful that one basically wants to collect everything one can fit into the inventory then (which one can luckily upgrade to have more slots, too).Another great system is that one can repair things like turrets and operator dispenser stations.Operators are flying drone like robots which can recharge one's energy stats some.Since a friendly turret or operator can be quite helpful and useful, but one which is against one quite a fierce obstacle, that greatly underlines the constant feeling that this station and its inhabitants can be friends or foes and transition between the two in some cases quickly, too.What i enjoyed most though is talking with the alive humans and deciding things on a scale that seemingly affects the future of humanity on a few ends.Very rarely is it a binary dialogue option like decision and more about which missions one decides to complete in which way.Overall, if one is into any of those classic games i mentioned up front, this is definitively an experience worth having.Now, despite how much i like the game as whole, here two major things i didn't like at all, they didn't make the game itself worse to me, but yeah, something i wonder if it could be handled differently in a followup or similar:-Upgrading alien skills:The way the storyline presented using the alien skills, well, it made it seem like one would loose one's humanity if one goes down that path so much, that i decided to not upgrade those skills any more than i had to.At the end of the game, i felt like that was a bummer though because it's weird when so much of the skill tree is basically locked for one if one does not want to have that story outcome. I still had many skills i could upgrade on the more human side of things, but yeah, still felt like that aspect was a bummer.I would have liked it more if there was a way one could upgrade all and then decide to revert some later on and rejiggy things as wanted.MAJOR STORY ENDING SPOILERS BELOW:FINAL WARNING; ONLY READ ON IF YOU COMPLETED THE GAME:-The endings boiling down to one:One can do a few choices towards the end of the game which set which ending one gets, that part is very nice, but then comes the one part i did not like at all in the game which is that no matter which of those endings i get (and i think i played through all ending options), then the credits roll and then after the credits it shows another sequence where it is then made apparent that hey, it was a simulation based on the memories. And that part i didn't like at all because it sorta devalued totally what choices i made before if at the end no matter which ones one made it was only a simulation of those memories anyway and the actual outcome/end situation still the same.It did make me wonder though if in case they ever create a followup to this it would continue at the story offset they formed at the end there."
76561197978311259,Recommended,480490,32318940,Posted: 10 June,all,FaLco ☭,"This game is fantastic, It a first person shooter space horror mystery.Loads of side mission which greatly add to the story any overall gameplay.The story itself is rich and keeps you on your toes.Lots of secrets to find, and play the game you want where your decisions matter,such as if you killed someone or took an upgrade, it will change♥♥♥♥♥♥Different endingsVery different and inovative weapon design.This game for me is like Half life + Portal + Dead space + Deus Ex = This master peice."
76561197984899206,Recommended,480490,32307917,Posted: 9 June,all,Ross,"Prey is the first game I've bought in ages where I paid full price and felt like I got my money's worth.  Usually I wait for the summer sale, or for the price to come down.  Strongly recommended!It's a solid System Shock 2 knockoff... but do we really need to call these games knockoffs at this point?  Regardless, it's a first-person RPG survival game, set during the aftermath of a disaster inside an explorable, complex environment, wherein the protagonist has special powers.  If you've played SS2 or any of the Bioshock series, this should be familar territory.  Alien: Isolation is another good point of comparison.In terms of gameplay, it's slow-paced, with an emphasis on exploration, but with solid combat mechanics.  You scrounge up resources, smack critters with a wrench, find audio logs, explore side-paths, etc.  Again, nothing groundbreaking, but well put together.  Stealth and avoidance are options, but I honestly had no trouble killing everything I came across; stealth remains useful for ambushing, scanning targets and sneak attacks.  Think a bit like Deus Ex.  The combat is made more interesting by the variety of hostiles you face, and by the fact that you can scan them to learn strengths and weaknesses.  The game also doesn't emphasize ""standard"" FPS weapons; your best toys include a glue-gun and ""grenades"" that disintigrate/recycle enemies and objects into crafting resources.  Points for orginality at least.The survival horror aspects of the game are mostly middle of the road... but you'll learn to HATE Mimics.  It scared the crap outta me a couple of times, walking into what I thought was a cleared room only to have the friggin chair try to eat my face.  Poltergeists are also pretty freaky (like something borrowed from F.E.A.R.)  And the Nightmare is well named.  But overall, this is less horror and more action; if you liked Alien: Isolation but found it a bit too tense, this should be right up your alley.Story wise... ah, here we come to the good stuff.  SS2-style games live or die by their storytelling, and this game is excellent in that respect.  The characters are well written, well voiced and complex, the backstory is a blend of hard sci-fi and alternate history, the moral choices presented aren't all black and white, and the actual story itself is interesting, multi-layered and deceptive.  Unlike Mass Effect 3 or Deus Ex: HR, the multiple endings feel like a meaningful choice, somewhat reminiscent of the original Deus Ex (but to say more would be spoilers).  The story and gameplay are well integrated as well.Other points in favour: I loved how they handled zero-G and EVA in this game.  The upgrade system is interesting, and doesn't seem cluttered with useless abilities, or must-haves.  Enemies respawn, but not excessively (only when you re-enter an area, and mostly when you pass certain story points), which keeps you on your toes.Overall, I suggest getting this game if SS2-style games are your thing, or if it looked interesting and you're trying to make up your mind.  If you're not sure this sounds like a game for you, consider getting it on sale."
,Recommended,480490,32554220,Posted: 18 June,all,Katana,"Prey is a great follow-up to the classical aspects of games like System Shock and Bioshock. Allowing for a wide array of ability customization, and often quite difficult enemies, it offers lots of environmental storytelling and even a large number of quests to follow through on.One core difference from a game like Bioshock is the lack of linearity. The locations you enter as part of your progression through the story will likely be re-entered multiple times for later optional or required objectives, sometimes with adversaries having entered those locations too to make them more difficult. Even moving back and forth through the lobby to reach some side quest may involve having to fight enemies that have repopulated the area. This certainly never felt as grueling as Far Cry 2's respawning checkpoints, and it does help you get used to Talos 1 as a sense of place.It's quite possible for the game's early high difficulty to taper off as it does in many RPGs - In my game, I ended up manufacturing as many neuromods as I could, such that lategame, my main mode of attack was sprinting (silently) up to the back of a Typhon to land a critical wrench hit that would knock them down and leave them helpless to a beating.Writing of the many audiologs and email messages you find felt very good, as well as the results of many of the side quests. In the end, I think these were often stronger than the final resolution of the game's main story, which I think was brought down in impact by the need to cater to the decisions made by players across the game."
76561198008844938,Recommended,480490,32490636,Posted: 16 June,all,Mystweaver,"A brilliantly imagined game; very atmospheric and a good storyline with many moments that will make you jump and/or gasp in awe.It has a combat system that compliments this style of game (you are always exploring).The station is a fantastic place to explore and the lore and lives of the people involved is there to discover if you want.My biggest recommendation is to max out hacking ASAP. Unlocking areas and safes = more goodies.Also, Use recyclers sparingly and if you have the time; make as pile of stuff as bigs as you can before throwing one.Finished after 30 hours but I rushed it a bit and didn't do absolutely everything. Seen two great endings."
,Recommended,480490,32380821,Posted: 12 June,all,YellowJacket,"Rating: 8/10Hot damn it's like someone made a sandwich where the bread is System Shock 2, the meat is Bioshock, and the cheese/lettuce/tamato/etc is Dead Space. The enemy designs are lovely, incredibly organic looking. The map design has a lot of potential for fun parkour shenanigans once you get some mobility upgrades. The progression system is good but almost gratutious.Overall I play on Hard regularly for experimenting with builds. For new players if you max out Leverage and Mobility you'll basically invoke a form of early-game godhood that will save you ammo and lives as the enemies just can't hit you while you throw tables at them. Add psi powers on that and you're basically a god destroying the largest enemies in the game in a few seconds flat without even being bothered by their might.The resource system is surprisingly fun with a form of 'greande' that literally turns enemies into building supplies. All crafting is done at fabricators and you pick up the blueprints for various things by game progression and optional quests. I was quite captivated on my first run as I was playing psionic tag with the various enemies and enjoying myself quite well.The problem is it's replayability sadly. Because drops, codes, enemy spawn numbers/locations, and lost crew members are all in the same spots there is very little one can do to vary gameplay besides build differences. Problem still is that these upgrade items are not all that hard to get and it doesn't take a lot for you to essentially become a self-sufficient master maurader. I get that it's an action game with very minor horror elements, but without having NPC's randomly spawn or the like it gives you too much a sense of 'security' that needs to be trashed. The only thing that's randomized are chipsets you find in the world which cater towards your current buildstyle.Overall still a fun game. I really should have waited for that $60 to diminish as honestly I'm just too good at these ""go about it your own way"" games as you can do some insanely broken things creatively speaking. **cough cough leverage III, remote manipulation III**. Also my favorite tree, Typhon Telepathy, is just broken to sh*t and turns even Nightmare into easy mode.Just, I wish it was more replayable with some form of replayable game mode. I love the hell out of just chaotically working with random encounters."
,Recommended,480490,31731333,Posted: 13 May,all,ElephantOfSurprise,"Although I have limited time spent within the game, It is a fun and novel beginning. Worth it."
76561198017797854,Recommended,480490,32709681,Posted: 23 June,all,Old Gregs Place,Brilliant game.  A true successor to System Shock.
76561198025830901,Recommended,480490,31574089,Posted: 5 May,all,514Y3R,"Game's been out for 24 hours, I've played 12 and slept about 10. I'm so glad Arkane learned from Dishonored 2's release, it really shows in how well this game is optimized. It runs like and absolute dream, I've hardly had any frame rate drops and only minor bugs (presumably related to the ridiculous runtime I've been doing, because exiting the game and reloading fixed 'em) found so far.The gameplay is excellent. Decent combat, excellent stealth, good balance of player-skill-based and equipment-based progression, a crafting system, and looting that doesn't interrupt gameplay with menus. The environment really is open world, even while maintaining the dense level design of Dishonored and Dishonored 2 that allows a half dozen different ways to get to and from any given place. The zero-gravity maneuverability is ♥♥♥♥ing sublime and disorienting and satisfying and so wonderfully immersive. The enemies are terrifying, the jumpscares plentiful, and I yelled many times today while flailing my wrench at various suspicious objects.As for the story, I haven't got anywhere near finished so I can't make a conclusive judgement, but it's genuinely interesting and compelling, and it promises to offer moralistic choices and multiple pathways in the endgame.Honestly, Arkane hit it out of the park on this one, and it promises to become one of my favorites."
76561198097842233,Recommended,480490,31700387,Posted: 12 May,all,Mute Bitch,Awesome game!
76561198014020690,Recommended,480490,31700271,Posted: 12 May,all,Kiwi,Wait till after the credits ;)
,Recommended,480490,31833979,Posted: 18 May,all,Vladkins,"10/10 - Space Odyssey 2017++ Great story that engages and drives you forward++ Compelling characters, complex motivations, excellent narrative++ Optional content enormous - lasted me two play-troughs++ Graphics and load times are top notch comparing to any game this generation+ Excellent use of RPG elements, inventory space+ Battle tactical variety is enormous, game surprises you again and again+ Difficulty curve is great yet until the middle of second play did I feel equally matched+ Attention to detail by the excellent dev team is wonderful+ Purchased this game partly due to its system shock 2 vibe and it plays very much like it with modern updates+ Scope of the game is fantastic, 2nd time through I found tons of missed areas/quests- Some graphic glitches/bugs- High initial difficulty curve- Starts off quite slow"
76561198016060785,Recommended,480490,31578725,Posted: 6 May,all,MightyPoo,"This game needs to get a lot of credit!+ superb PC port with a butter smooth gameplay experience thanks to the use of the CryEngine - > miles ahead of the disasterous launch of Dishonored 2! Thanks Arkane for learning from your mistakes.+ the game brings together the best elements of the genre -> you are constantly reminded of milestones like Half Life, System-/Bioshock, Metro 2033/Last Light and Alien Isolation thanks to the outstanding atmosphere+ speaking of Atmosphere: Art-Design, Music and Sound Effects are top-notch+ exploration, stealth, survival, crafting AND just a little bit of shooting -> dont expect a typical shooter, you always have to think about alternative ways for solving a problem+ Exploration needs to be mentioned twice! Imagine Bioshock in Space - you want to see every corner of the Space Station because every inch is filled with details and things to explore+ Enemies are not really predictable and always have some surprises in storeOverall, in my opinion this game ranks among the greats and if you like or love the above mentioned games this is a MUST BUY!"
,Recommended,480490,31759412,Posted: 14 May,all,betawarz,"I recommend the game. Although, the story seemed to drag a bit at the end. I blame it mostly on the uninspired enemy species, etc. I never quite felt a connection with the people in the game, the enemies or the environment. Despite that, the environment, graphics and gameplay were all good enough for me to recommend the game.The PC version ran perfectly on my machine. I never experienced any hiccups, unlike Dishonored 2.The art style is great. The audio and music are great."
,Recommended,480490,31612224,Posted: 7 May,all,Snaggle,"Played on hardNoticed fidgeting objectsLearned from my mistakesNow I run around smacking everything I see, looking like some crazed lunatic.Anyways, aside from the way enemies hide themselves in this game, you can still sneak around them,utilizing brute strength to move a block you hide behind as you go, to using enviro-hazards to incapacitate enemies.Multiple avenues to complete your objective means you can fight enemies one way while hiding from them going another.The occasional bug, yeah. Worst things I've experienced is the 'double loading screen'"
,Recommended,480490,31732586,Posted: 13 May,all,Gunmetal Buffalo,"NO SPOILERS:A beautiful, chilling game that is dripping with atmosphere and creative gameplay ideas. It should take you 25-30 hours depending on how many of the side quests you take on and how much you explore. This game does horror correctly, continually surprising me and presenting me with difficult choices and extremely grim circumstances.My only advice, on your first playthrough, is to PLAY THE GAME THE WAY YOU WANT TO. DO WHAT COMES NATURALLY.This game weaves the narrative and gameplay elements together in very subtle ways. Because of this, I tailored my gameplay to what I enjoyed most from a narrative perspective. I held myself back, in other words, and while I'm *very* satisfied in the story and ending I was presented with, I feel that I would have had more organic fun with the gameplay if I hadn't  been so concerned with possible narrative repercussions.Don't read too much about this game. Go in blind, do what you want, and enjoy what this game presents you in return. It's extremely satisfying."
,Recommended,480490,31712779,Posted: 12 May,all,R To Restart!,"My first playthrough took me roughly ~24 hours to complete the main story and most of the side quests. Even now I'm starting up a second completionist playthough and boy oh boy I'm still loving every minute.This game is - very - much like a modern System Shock 2 in both writing and gameplay, Other gameplay elements seem to be drawn from franchises like Deus Ex and Arkane's other excellent IP Dishonored, while the story has elements of franchises like Half-Life and Alien.And its fun. God almighty is it fun. Talos I is an interconnected sandbox with secret treasures and pathways hidden left, right, up, down, and every other whichway you can think of. Much like Dishonored the game only presents you with an objective, but how you get to it is largely up to you. Staples like hacking terminals or repairing doors are available, but the game also introduces its own fresh ways to explore the world: a portable giant glue gun that can build stairs and bridges almost anywhere, become a ceramic mug to slide through cracks in doors and windows, or become a copy of a robotic drone and fly all over the map. No matter the obstacle Prey will always give you multiple options to get past it. Everything about the level design is meant to encourage multilateral thinking, and the games notoriously startling first enemy encourages players to take a slow and methodical approach that synergizes well with this concept.And that said, the slow and careful play Prey wants of you may not suit everyones taste. Prey is suprisingly challenging, enemies are powerful and reasources need to be rationed carefully. Its not a good game if you want something fast and furious. That said, it is exactly the kind of thing I want out of a game. All throughout the game Prey instills you with a sense of pride. I can't express how satisfying it is sidesteping a mob of powerful enemies or luring an oversized alien into a creative trap of your design. In short, Prey makes you feel like a genius, and it feels good.But I think the best part about a game that empasizes exploration this heavily is that Talos I is a world - worth - exploring. It's beautiful and intricate, and all the little details makes it feel lived in. Talos I makes you feel small, yet it never feels empty. Mick Gordon's sublime synthwave soundtrack and the excellent sound design only further enhance the games powerful atmosphere.I personally found the story to be compelling and absorbing as well as the character of Morgan Yu. Despite being a silent protagonist Morgan is not some faceless grunt but a prominent character in the world, a Transtar executive at the center of a bizarre and mysterious project. This means that the NPCs of the game, living and dead, has defined and nuanced history with the protagonist before the events of the game, and I was eager to learn everything I could about him/her. Without giving to much away, I found that events in the story made it easy for me to identify with Morgan, as well as inject a wonderful sense of paranoia that kept me wondering just who I could really trust at the end.That said, its not quite a perfect game. The final climax of the game didn't quite pay off enough for me, and sometimes you can find yourself backtracking a lot. I also feel the game could have really benefited from a few more enemy and weapon designs. Ultimately, these are nitpicks, and in the end my opinion is that Prey is a wonderful experience and an obvious labor of love.So would I recommend this game?Big. Fat. Yes."
,Recommended,480490,31736353,Posted: 13 May,all,jason-fl,"I have been waiting for a systems-based rpg for a long time (we don't talk about mankind devided), and I was hyped when I heard that the series would return. When I finally got my hands on the game, I was blown away by the stellar art style and System Shock-esque asthetic. If you are a fan of atmospheric fps games, you will feel right at home with this. Words can not describe how much I love this game."
,Recommended,480490,31633177,Posted: 8 May,all,Hunter Chantion,"Wow, this game sure is a blast from the past. Would only recommend to people with a brain and the know how to use it. If you're looking for some x-ray vision, hand-holding, press x to win POS give this one a pass."
,Recommended,480490,31738006,Posted: 13 May,all,[2.FJg] Plan Of Action-OGf,holy crap had my mind blown for 6 hours.some funky physics stuff but pretty sure i caused it all myself.  you will understand when you get to that place.The Looking Glass puzzles are  super cool.
,Recommended,480490,31738316,Posted: 13 May,all,Mink,"10/10 IGN- ""It's like skyrim with guns but without guns but with guns but with a wrench but in space but with plottwists but with aliens but with killer furniture but with guns but with GLUON - I mean GLOO guns but with spacesuits."""
,Recommended,480490,31592884,Posted: 6 May,all,Decca2,"After finishing the game, I can truly say that it is one of the best games i have ever played.Perfect optimisation, amazing atmospherics, all round 10/10Highly Recommended"
,Recommended,480490,31763245,Posted: 14 May,all,Av,A fun and interesting game with a great story.And the OST pushes it past a great game to ♥♥♥♥ING great.The ending is pretty good too.
,Recommended,480490,31778853,Posted: 15 May,all,bruh,It's extra spooky bioshock in spaceCan't really go wrong with that
,Recommended,480490,31668411,Posted: 10 May,all,Cucuusa,Feels like half life blended with bioshock which is amazing.
,Recommended,480490,31757987,Posted: 14 May,all,Mightydoot,"Positives:- Awesome in-depth story and atmosphere that made me think and want more.- Satisfying crafting/resource system.- Great nonlinear gamplay that rewards exploration. It's really fun to be able to get into places in a variety of ways, and I was - - - even able to get to an objective blatantly before I was supposed to just by exploiting game mechanics in a hacky way.- Beautiful level design.- Great Mick Gordon wobbly music.- You can become a coffee mug.Negatives:- Enemies keep respawning and they are everywhere - you never get to say you've cleared out an area and can now explore because the moment you turn around there is another enemy randomly spawned. There are also not that many enemy types... there are maybe 4-5 basic types you will fight again and again. Sometimes I think less is more, it would've helped the atmosphere of the game to have sections where there are no enemies, but no, there always has to be some annoying stuff to fight. The combat doesn't feel good enough to warrant tons of fighting and I didn't feel the stealth was compelling enough either, so often I just ran around enemies to get to places, ignoring them as they kept spawning. I actually have a similar problem with System Shock, and that game is  more than 20 years old, so maybe it's just me.- The enemes are bullet spongey and spawn randomly (as I mentioned) all over the place and they keep whitling down your health annoyingly and unavoidably. The mimics are scary at first but later just an annoying reason to take away a bit of your health - later you fight bullet spongier ones that just become an ""ugh not again"" enemy.- Inventory management is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ I don't find it fun to have gameplay interrupted by having to manage inventory space."
76561198055250424,Recommended,480490,31680348,Posted: 11 May,all,WanderingHope,Totally in love with this game. Already halfway my second playthrough on nightmare mode. The atmosphere is great and you can choose how you want to play the game. Can't wait for more off this!
76561198079542184,Recommended,480490,31806209,Posted: 17 May,all,Senpai Cutie,Dis gem ist das gut♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,480490,31665672,Posted: 10 May,all,JCDenton,"A fantastic game combining aspects of system shock and deus ex that actually delivers.  The atmosphere, sound and voice acting combine to give a triple A experience.Strongly recommend!"
,Recommended,480490,31668987,Posted: 10 May,all,SilentHammerHUN,"Very good, good job devs :)"
,Recommended,480490,31678254,Posted: 10 May,all,SliceofLie,"This game is the perfect mix of exploration, sci-fi shooter, and horror. There really are at least three different ways to go about pretty much everything in the game, you can use brute strength, alien powers, hacking, or searching around for hidden routes and keycards. There are really no off-limits areas in the game, you can climb most anything, and often can find hidden goodies in the most unlikely places. True, it is a rather short overall story, but it is still quite excellent with plenty of replay value. In my opinion, Prey is the best singleplayer game released so far this year, and sets the bar extremely high for the rest of 2017."
76561197971170855,Recommended,480490,31689951,Posted: 11 May,all,CBU2029,great oldschool ego-adventure-horror-shooter game in a fantastic open environment. a spritual successor to DEUS EX and SYSTEM SHOCK 2. thank you ARKANE STUDIOS and thank you BETHESDA.
,Recommended,480490,31692426,Posted: 11 May,all,"Kim, The Schwifty",Will help tide you over until System Shock 3.
,Recommended,480490,31619758,Posted: 7 May,all,Gas the Gnoblins,"If you like randomly corrupted save files, then this is the game for you."
76561198160791836,Recommended,480490,31618386,Posted: 7 May,all,G-Man,I Haven't really been invested in a game since dying light where It struck something in me that I wanted to literally search everything and look everywhere. Never really had a dull moment yet always on the edge of my seat creeping from room to room not knowing what the hell is real or not everything in this game flows good from the story to the gameplay the atmosphere and the music is a perfect match (especially when wearing headphones) great game looking forward to what else is coming to prey10/10
,Recommended,480490,31649870,Posted: 9 May,all,Dix B. Floppin,"The gameplay is dynamic and open ended, the combat is heavy and satisfying, the world is big and flushed out, the graphics are beautiful and the framerate is high. What more could you ask for?"
,Recommended,480490,31615927,Posted: 7 May,all,Still Tyrion,"There are so many different ways games can be fun and Prey has learned from some of the best. Some of them are directly visible, Dishonored in the characters, Bioshock in the architecture, while others have influenced the story telling and the game play: System Shock, Bioshock, Deus Ex - not the worst lineage.  This very special brand of action games can be frustrating because you have to know your foes and adapt your fighting strategy or your strategy to avoid fights.  Prey excels in offering you many different ways to solve problems and rewards intelligent solutions. But while in Deus Ex MD you often had to discover one of the ways how the designers wanted something done, here you have more possibilities to make free use of the environment. This is pure fun, but not all of it is action - there is a lot of exploring involved.Fighting is difficult. Prey takes up the concept of Big Daddies from Bioshock, that is, some mobs are really hard to kill and will exhaust your resources quickly if you don't use the environment to your advantage. But instead of one type here you have many and all have slightly different strengths and weaknesses.The story is interesting, but - with some exceptions - not great, not in the same league as Bioshock. Voice acting, level design are very good. All in all, the combat equipment is good enough, but the glue cannon will make game history because it has so many different uses and so many are really fun. Music and sound are very intense, especially the music can get a bit on your nerves when these are already a bit frayed by your paranoia.At the moment I have played almost 30 hours and  I am not finished yet, actually my quest book is rather full.So if you like immersive worlds with difficult tasks best solved with some (in-game) reading / listening and lots of exploring, then probably this game will be great fun for you. If your idea of an action game is pure kinetic fun, then I would recommend Shadow Warrior 2 (which is another great game btw).9/10"
76561198071173417,Recommended,480490,31612025,Posted: 7 May,all,ProHacVice,"I'm something like 9-10 hours in and I love this game. Prey is VERY reminiscent to me of System Shock 1&2, which are, IMHO, the best games ever. Being similar to those, it is also similar to Bioshock (which was System Shock underwater) and Dead Space (which was inspired by SS). It is also heavily reminiscent, to me, of the Deus Ex games, in that there really are multiple ways to solve/conquer each different obstacle (also, something about the color palette reminds me of Human Revolution). I originally preordered this on PS4 from Amazon (I don't normally preorder games but I wanted to support this game) and, thank God, Amazon screwed me and didn't fulfill my order - because now I have it on PC running on high/ultra settings and it looks fantastic.I have had no issues whatsoever running this with my Nvidia card. It also has the terrific type of native controller support where you can switch seamlessly back and forth between mouse/keyboard and controller on the fly simply by using whichever you want without having to change any settings. I had played the demo on PS4, and was somewhat worried because the controls were a little laggy or stiff, but they are smooth as silk on PC. I don't know if that is simply due to the fact that my PC is so much more powerful than a PS4, or if the demo was from an old version of the game code, as I had heard. In any event, the game is extremely well-optimized on PC.TLDR - don't buy this game unless you enjoy great, well-written, well-optimized, great-looking games that run fantastically well on PC and offer you a choice of control methods."
,Recommended,480490,31604943,Posted: 7 May,all,illage2,"Well what can I say about Prey?Its a fantastic game, and this should by all means get GOTY.Unfairness to the players forces you to think outside the box.  For example, I just had a telepath alien I had to kill. Had no ammo, no health kits and the only way to engage it was with ranged weapons as melee attacks are useless.  I scrambled round the map looking for ammo and I saw a turret that I could use.  At first I was trying to make the turret attack it head on but after that didn't work I decided to find a spot to lure out the telepath into the turrets line of fire and it worked.  It was a massive sense of relief.Its difficult but not to the level of dark souls and it enforces my own belief that no matter how bad the situation, there's always a solution.The game doesn't hold your hand it only gives you a general direction to go in and exploration is well rewarded which is something that a lot of games don't do.Crafting is also well done, instead of having to put in each material manually the game will automatically add them for you making crafting a breeze but also good for a scavenger hunt. You'll be happy when you come across these as they can be difficult to find in some areas.Gun play is some of the best I've seen considering this is a survival horror game.  Guns shoot great, sound great and feel great.You can even do diffierent character builds which adds a ton of replayability to the game. This is something I haven't seen since Borderlands 2 and it works even better in this game.This game pretty much ticks most of the boxes that make a game great.So at a PC port level .... it stacks up pretty well with the only real thing missing is the FOV slider which to me wasn't needed I've not been getting any motion sickness.  However I do recommend you turn off VSync as it'll give you a massive boost in performance.  With VSync on I was getting about 48 - 60fps with it off I'm getting 60-80fps with no drops below 60.In short this is a damned good game. These are the types of games we should be supporting.  If you liked Bioshock you'll like this, if you liked doom ... you'll like this, if you like resident evil you'll like this.Yes this is worth it at full price."
,Recommended,480490,31585785,Posted: 6 May,all,Feefa Kha'habibi,"So far enjoying the game.+Immersive, great atmosphere.+Levels have a lot of ways you can go about clearing them, depending on the neuromods you pick for your character, a lot of options open up.+Soundtrack, voices and sound design in general are great.+Performance is good, runs great even on an average rig.-Music changes when enemies are near, surprise fades off, game will let you know just by sound alone if anything will happen."
76561198136070555,Recommended,480490,31614697,Posted: 7 May,all,NeganTWD,"Do you like Bioshock, half-life, or dishonored games? You'll love this game. Throws off a different vive than the others.(NO SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW)With feels of Alien Isolation you can choose to attack your enemy head on or sneak around. However, be careful, on the hardest difficulty it is hard to find ammo.Pros:Long gameRush through main storyline: 8+ hoursFinish every mission in the game with looting every inch: 24+ hoursAmazing story line and graphicsDifferent play through styles (with powers, without powers [gun run], not killing any humans etc. similar to dishonored)Multiple ways to take on every situationCons:Some of the AI glitch on objects allowing you to shoot at them freely (happened 4 or 5 times throughout the game)A level of the game has graphics issues allowing the player to see through parts of the shipP.S. I haven't beaten the game yet and at 24 hours on the game. Playing on the hardest difficultly and love the game."
,Recommended,480490,31573122,Posted: 5 May,all,Old Gregg,Having alot of fun with it so far
76561198110256612,Recommended,480490,31573198,Posted: 5 May,all,Beel,"5 Hours in and I've barely scratched the surface.I'm going slow (hard mode), doing anything I can to secure areas as I go. Having an absolute blast. I never got the chance to play System Shock/2, so this is brand new to me. It's like Bioshock, but with more options."
,Recommended,480490,31605532,Posted: 7 May,all,Purplish Liam,"The funny thing about this game is that it feels so similar to Dishonored, and that's definitely not a bad thing. It puts less emphasis on stealth, but the weapon wheel to the movement animations feel very familiar if you're a dishonored fan. While I was playing the game, I also realized that you can either play as the engineer from Teamfortress (running around with your wrench repairing turrets) or as an alien, wheren the turrets are your enemy."
,Recommended,480490,31566011,Posted: 5 May,all,危険 - 愛,"I went into a bathroom, saw some toilet paper on the ground, it was a ♥♥♥♥ing mimic...after a few minutes I burned all the toilet paper in my house :)"
,Recommended,480490,31554470,Posted: 5 May,all,月神,"It's not Prey. It's just a totally different game with Prey title. Not that I don't like this Prey but if you are expecting a game like Prey 2 demo then you will be disappointed.Besides this is just the type of sci-thrill game that I ever wanted. They actually did a great job in story-telling and the whole stealth and shoot experience. And the optimization is way better then I expected.One problem though. Some players may be experiencing texture stuttering( seems to affect both AMD and NVIDIA USER), which is pretty annoying. This is the exact problem they have on Bioshock 1 Remastered. Hopefully dev team will release a patch in the next few days?"
76561198069905673,Recommended,480490,31615049,Posted: 7 May,all,Spookatron,Prop hunt + Bioshock  + dishonored  = Prey
,Recommended,480490,31572688,Posted: 5 May,all,CrazyWalt90,"Amazing, 5 hours in and this game is unique, It's kind of like Dishonored meets Bioshock but there's so much more going on. The story is really unique and a breathe of fresh air. The game isn't exactly the easy FPS people have become use too.  Just buy it, you'll love it."
76561198065017939,Recommended,480490,32364296,Posted: 12 June,all,Russian Badger,"An amazing ride down memory lane !Really Wonderfull game made by Bethesda!Hats off to the technical teamI bealive the game is severly underratedPSPREY OST just became my Favourite""So So fast Sailing ships the outer rim ....""       a delight!9/10 for me"
76561198019925075,Recommended,480490,32123577,Posted: 2 June,all,Sykotyc,"This is the best game I have played in a very long time. I was hooked all the way to the end. Fantastic gameplay, plot, and game mechanics. Will be playing this through several times to see all the different aspects of the game. Will recommend to everyone!"
,Recommended,480490,32125952,Posted: 2 June,all,runamonk,This was much better than I thought it would be. This is not a standard shooter. Lots of customization and lots of side quests that give you tons to do. Great acting and animations. Really hope we get more using this IP.Loved it and really looking forward to more form Arkane.
,Recommended,480490,32160406,Posted: 3 June,all,BurnThePlanet,"An amazing game. One of the best singleplayer games I've played in the last few years to be quite honest. Just as good if not better than Alien:Isolation. Great story and has many twists and things you would never predict. The game runs extremely well and the graphics are AMAZING. This is one of the sole games that actually makes you feel like you are on a space station. The movement, the spining, the sun rays moving slowly as you walk about the station. The atmosphere of this game is perfect, terrorfying. It's a game where you can play it however you want, stealthly, use crazy powers, go full run and gun, however you want. Decisions you make do impact the game so choose wisely for how you think you would want to end the game. Overall this game easily gets a 10/10 from me. I was captivated by it, loved every second of it. I could be biased because I love space. Alines in this game are....very unique, not typical type. The story pulls you in, you want to know more and more and more. What happened, what are they, how do they live, etc. Wish it gave more.TLDR:Pros:-Amazing graphics, the lighting effects some of the best I've ever seen.-Optimized well-Amazing story-Gameplay is how you wish every game could be-Incredible Atmosphere-Great sound engineering-Fully explorable station, not linear at all, open worldCons:-Some bugs and sound glitches here and there-Ending makes us wait for Prey 2."
,Recommended,480490,32927137,Posted: 28 June,all,Exilog,Awesome Game !Gets harder and harder with a very stunning Story.You will never know who is the good and the Bad until the end.
76561198376212208,Recommended,480490,31946439,Posted: 24 May,all,MattyKappa,By far the best game ive played like bioshock 1 to date.
,Recommended,480490,32829272,Posted: 26 June,all,Corporal Cow,"Tons of fun, feels a lot like the original Bioshock, less scary though and a lot less stress about ammo/other resources. Very atmospheric, which is ironic because it takes place in space. Solid 8.5/10."
,Recommended,480490,31712118,Posted: 12 May,all,Spector,"A great ~shock style game with all the explorations and alternate pathes you could hope for. Story is compelling, shooting mechanics are fine, and atmosphere is well established. It's good, play it."
76561197970760200,Recommended,480490,32303957,Posted: 9 June,all,Nomad,System Shock 2017. Very good game.
76561198017304526,Recommended,480490,33075260,Posted: 1 July,all,emre_mishima,"Prey is a sucessful hybrid of Half-Life, System Shock 2 and Deus ex (maybe a little bit dishonored). Scenario is a bit cliché until the end. However, at the end a great turn-over awaits you. Moreover, you do think that your actions will affect to the ending, but they won't. Frankly, a great game and a must-play for System-Shock and/or FPS fans.Pros:-Sound effects and graphics,-Atmosphere-Scenario (especially; the ending part is amazing),-Music (Synthpop was a good choice, IMHO),-Versatile gameplay,Cons:-Sometimes crashes at the loading screen,-Actions (choices) do not affect the endingScore: 9.5/10."
,Recommended,480490,31653705,Posted: 9 May,all,T W I T C H ¥ ² 👌,"You can fly a shadow monster into the roof and then throw chairs at him until he falls to pieces.Imagine system shock 2, crossed with DOOMs music, crossed with that obligatory PLAY HOWEVER YOU WANT thing that most games have these days.On the whole its pretty enjoyable, lots of stuff to do around the town, lots of good things to find hidden behind walls. I can highly recommend it!"
76561197968275806,Recommended,480490,32938349,Posted: 28 June,all,SniperBait,Prey is very well optimized and controls are great. I would recommend this as it feels very much like a System Shock-esque game. I feel that the levels are well designed and have multiple ways to overcome obstacles and barriers. Being able to upgrade your skills and finding resources to create items was very well executed.
76561197979519444,Recommended,480490,31738477,Posted: 13 May,all,Mig,"9/10, because what game gets a 10? Prey is well thought out and a joy to play.  Arkane is definately on the right track with game design.  This is a must buy."
,Recommended,480490,32968306,Posted: 28 June,all,ATF_Hsp Zen //,Very good game so far. I love how the mimics are place i got spooked a few time. Pros FUN TO PLAY CONS still buggy.
76561197977346191,Recommended,480490,33104037,Posted: 1 July,all,Havoc343,"This game, what a mind blow, especially at the end. It may have been boring at times and annoying at others. But, that did not detract from the overall experiance I had while playing. I really liked this game and the flow of it's story. I would definitely recommend it to others.(Sidenote: If there is ever a sequal in the future, please look into improving path finding or clues for objectives. I had to look online quite a few times in order to complete some of the side missions.)"
76561197961345697,Recommended,480490,33107414,Posted: 1 July,all,eep,"If you loved half life Deus ex, Bioshock and Systemshock for the attempt at a fully immersive FPS-RPG, you might very much like prey.9.5/10 after a first ~30 hour playthrough, skipping a LOT of side content (the awesome story kept luring me forwards.)Might go up or down after another playthrough, which I will almost certainly do.+ Character progression+ Choice and consequence+ Pacing++ Non-Linearity++ Design++ Interactive systems++ World cohesion/Believable world - Almost NOTHING causes a shattered suspension of disbelief, amazingly so.-- Sound- Motion blur- Weapon imbalance."
76561198328912441,Recommended,480490,33108779,Posted: 1 July,all,Saw,Amazing game. One of my all time favorite games ever. Dead Space series and Fallout series have always been two of my favorite game series ever and this is just like Dead Space with Bethesda's twist.
76561198016932620,Recommended,480490,32933468,Posted: 28 June,all,~Lobster~,one of my most favorite games by far. reminds me of half life mixed with bioshock
,Recommended,480490,31842577,Posted: 19 May,all,D3atH,"If you liked the Dishonored series, you're going to love this. It's the same play style just with a sci-fi theme. It's also a great port just like the first Dishonored! You can be sneaky or guns-a-blazin! It's all up to you! The alien abilities you can get are also great fun. Multiple ways to get through each part. Some times it makes you think.Highly recommend.GRAPHIC:While not the best, they make the best with what they have. I think the game is beautiful. It is Bethesda though, so watch out for objects that you hit flying through the air and damaging your character. Some items also glitch, but they aren't unobtainable. Each section of the game (graphically) is thought out to a T. Everything means something.AUDIO/MUSIC:The music is amazing in this game. It fits perfectly. It's futuristic, yet creepy. My only caviate to it is it does go silent sometimes and it gets awkward, but not for too long. The music that starts when an enemy sees you makes you really uncomfortable. It's the perfect soundtrack.STORYLINE:Trying not to give much away, the storyline is greater than an M.N.S. movie. The game makes you make lots of decisions constantly along the way to finish your job. The way you do it... is up to you."
76561197972634582,Recommended,480490,33157057,Posted: 2 July,all,Harlequin,A great single player experience!Even though the name is Prey it has far more in common with the system shock series than its namesake.Get if you enjoy a nice sci fi plot in a tense setting.Oh and it runs great too :)
,Recommended,480490,31577039,Posted: 6 May,all,Cryhog,This game is honestly really close toSYSTEMSHOCKTHREEbuy this game i'm serious holy hell it's so good
,Recommended,480490,31689913,Posted: 11 May,all,~Swinton,"The closest comparison I could make is Metroid Prime with Deus Ex's attention to world-building. There's a real focus on cutting you loose to explore and discover, without making it feel like an unconsidered sandbox. If you love sci-fi, and especially sci-fi horror, you'll get a real kick out of this, even if it's not survival horror per se. Plus, it's just fun to glue-foam your way into hidden corners all day. Keep an eye out for skylights."
,Recommended,480490,32861886,Posted: 27 June,all,Daddy Sureloc,Great game with good story and compelling gameplay
,Recommended,480490,31672690,Posted: 10 May,all,Haegemon,"Insanely well made overall.Very much in the vein of the original System Shock games, more so than any of the Deus Ex or Bioshock games since.Great environments and smart use of backtracking.Great selection of various abilities with multiple solutions to each obstacle.Well developed world, great audiologs and journals.Some of the story-beats could have been more interesting, but was strong enough to keep up the pacing.Ending felt slightly abrupt, but also had numerous viable ways to reach the end-credits.All things considered, well worth it at full price. I'd even pay extra for a DLC to make all the regions of the station even more contiguous and remove the transitional load screens."
,Recommended,480490,31959973,Posted: 25 May,all,Sebastian Nielsen,"This is an excellent game.Best ever made by Bethesda.Put Doom 4 (2016) in the recycler, get some minerals and materials, and use them to expand on this game!But I can say, I just love all these puzzle solving, thinking, figuring out, to progress. Theres a mix of everything, both logic thinking, finding the correct corpses to find the keycards, finding security codes, tracking people, and difficult platforming.Everything you could ask for. And I also love the realism found in the game too, where resources are actual physical objects and not some lousy representation that it is in other games.If you take system shock 2, Doom 3, Half-Life 2, Duke Nukem Forever, and then some RPG, and mix together, you will get this excellent mix.The best thing about this is also that each objective can be solved in multiple ways, and the game rarely forces you down a specific path. A locked door could either be opened with the correct keycard, but also sometimes by smashing a window opposite of the door and then using a nerf gun (toy weapon which shoots foam arrows) on the request-to-exit button.Or a locked gravity elevator, which can be bypassed if you have the right jump skills, by clinging on the coils.The recycle and resource system, combined with the ""neuromod"" upgrading system also puts some RPG elements into the game, which makes it even more fun.Even if there is mission markers (which can be turned off) or some slight hints, the game rarely holds your hands. You have to figure out everything yourself. Which is a big plus, theres not just boring fighting like in Doom 4, but also much solving, fixing machinery, electrical junctions and such, which is super fun.Same with other parts, for example, sometimes you need to fix a broken part, or you can go find some replacement that is in some storage or locker somewhere, if you don't have the repair skill.Another thing I love about this game, is that its map space is pretty small, but still packs a lot of fun by reusing everything for the missions, by having things unlock as you progress. That what I call optimization. Instead of having a linear boring campaign as Doom has.If you have 60€ to spare, and you wonder if you should buy Doom 4 (2016) or Prey, then buy Prey. DEFINITIVELY. Prey is one of the best games ever.Also another thing:Doom is 50 GB, and has 10 hours of length.  Super boring and holds your hands all the time.Prey is 18 GB, has about 20+ hours of length. Super fun, big variety, and no hand-holding."
,Recommended,480490,33304289,Posted: 6 July,all,Lachareno,sick game
,Recommended,480490,33321191,Posted: 6 July,all,Star Goose,The story was excellent with twists and turns. You never really know who to trust - even yourself. The mechanics work quite well and the fact that you have to scramble together scraps just to build a health kit or a measily amount of ammo makes the game continually taxing. The enemy is always overpowered and you're never on the front foot - keeps you on the edge of your seat.
,Recommended,480490,33324878,Posted: 6 July,all,chiefro,One of the better games i have played in a long while.
,Recommended,480490,33299753,Posted: 5 July,all,Arth0u,"So you are looking to buy Prey, well there is a few things you should know first.Pros:Great graphics and overall looksAwesome sound designReplayabillityComplex narrativeGreat combat systemNot really a challenge I played on NormalNEUROMODS!!!Cons:Craaaap stealthThe scariness of the game wears off as soon as you can protect yourselfBacktrackingBugs (This affects the end of the game mostly)The music can be distracting or overwhelmingSo with all of this in mind I would say get it if you are a fan of the Bioshock, Deus Ex, and or the Dishonored series or wait until it is on sale."
76561198100030888,Recommended,480490,33225888,Posted: 4 July,all,Res,i shape shifted into a tape dispenser in-game and then rolled around wondering what happened to my life IRL as I ate an entire can of black olives at 2am while playing it. The game is fun and I will probably play through it again soon. The enemies look like wads of magic hair and there is a gun that shoots foam that could be mistaken for shaving cream. Im not the only one who sees it... Or maybe I was and now you will see it too. A 4... out of 5.
,Recommended,480490,31569408,Posted: 5 May,all,Kaies,"Prophunt in space. But seriosly, it's a very good mix of System shock and Bioshock. So if you liked either of those games it's worth picking up.Performance is very good too."
76561198010830899,Recommended,480490,33334840,Posted: 6 July,all,EllyTheProphet,Great game!
,Recommended,480490,31554878,Posted: 5 May,all,SuperCooper64,"Very fun, addicting, and challenging gameplay.Lots of incredible tension (The music during combat isn't anoying like in the demo, it doesn't last for several minutes), runs fantastic and smooth (GTX 1080ti), and has a mysterious and exciting story so far (I haven't beaten the game yet, I'm also trying to fight, loot, and progress as much as possible. It is that addictive~).The game is a real true spiritual successor to the System Shock series (Far more than the Bioshock series, and that is seriously saying a lot).The developers really kept their promise on its PC performance, and boy oh boy does it make it all the more scary xD I also want to point out that the enemies are very fun to approach by using verious means (When I went into the Trauma Center, a fire-type Typhon and regular Typhon were killing me several times, but when I brought a turret to the room I finally got em'! :D).The game is quite challenging to me (I'm playing on normal, lol) and it doesn't feel like a chore to progress and get by in difficult problems. You'll find plenty of creative ways to tackle problems!The music is amazing, the level design is fantastic, the pace is near-perfect, and the gameplay is super-fun, I don't see any reason why you shouldn't play this masterpiece, and I highly-recommend you buy this! Easily a contender for GOTY 2017 and my personal-favorite game of 2017 as of this point~P.S. I forgot to mention that Zero Gravity is fun and great to explore (you don't run out of oxygen, either!)"
,Recommended,480490,32034066,Posted: 28 May,all,Ciaphas Cain,Phenomenal. Simply phenomenal.
76561198012662469,Recommended,480490,31740710,Posted: 13 May,all,Paxtoranius,"An atmospheric immersive RPG. Well constructed and very open world ( or open large space station) with nasty goings on that one has to work through with little assistance. Great crafting mechanics and superb scenery with little or zero graphic issues.Action packed with stressful moments at all difficulty levels but there's many paths and strategic ways to gain an objective. Lots of quests both within the story mode and additional, all have different means of completion or none at all depending on your choices as you proceed. Movement in zero g is exceptionally well done both inside and exterior of the station with the controls on the power. A float around the station exterior has to be worthy of commendation to the title.Hoarding everything you pick up can lead to problems but recycling can afford much needed benefits. Replayability is good for achievement gathering but repeated dialogue and book reading can be tiresome even second time around as there is no 'plus' mode where attributes like book and research materials are carried forward. If they offered it then replay would be much more interesting at the hardest level in balance to the Typhon (alien) attributes increasing also.Cons: For me only perhaps is the over opinionated personal assistant January who only partly guides the story while assuming a manipulative influence over the player. However that can be crucially corrected also by the player, so it's not really a major con but just an irritation like another human humming to themselves while crossing over the audio that you are trying to receive from elsewhere and fail to hear correctly.Loading screens, like most big titles especially when time is of the essence causes impatience. A necessary evil perhaps with such a graphic game.A superb title that eclipses the space time continuum and makes you tired from lack of sleep and too much gaming but you do get to use a very powerful shotgun if you choose to. Worth every cent at full price!"
76561198018486426,Recommended,480490,33498349,Posted: 13 July,all,mml92,"Prey is the kind of game that worms into your mind if you allow it to.  Respect the game's fiction, allow your paranoia of mimics and conflicting narratives to move you and enjoy an interactive experience you've never quite had before.  If you play Prey as run-n-gun corridor shooter #513, you're unlikely to enjoy it very much. The design at a micro-level is fabulous, whether it's the use of interactivity in combat and exploration, narrative exposition and general world building.  Prey does more to create meaningful characters merely through emails and audio logs than other games do with hours of cinematics.Think of this game like Silent Hill.  If you just engage Silent Hill at the most basic mechanical level, it's a poor man's Resident Evil.  If you give it a chance to be itself and approach on its own terms, it's something far more essential.A different way of thinking about Prey is to imagine your favorite walking simulator/ narrative experience with actual gameplay on par with other AAA action titles but so punishing and oppressive that it comes across as a horror game.For reference, I clocked in at 52 hours-ish as a one time playthrough, completing most of the numerous side quests and generally playing very thoroughly.  20-30 hours is more indicative of an intended experience."
76561198010664510,Recommended,480490,33878397,Posted: 29 July,all,Bondo,The game feels like a Metroid/Silent Hill Mashup with some Fallout esk crafting elements.Das ist gut
76561198193064553,Recommended,480490,33845578,Posted: 27 July,all,Xa3r0n,"................EPIC..................If you enjoy a good exploration of story and tons of options do said exploring...this one is for you.  Some people complain about a ""flawed combat system"" but it makes you think about how to win the fights vs. mindlessly shooting at things.  Use your wit, pansy!  Amazingly awesome game...very nice breath of fresh air...."
,Recommended,480490,31834460,Posted: 18 May,all,meme supreme,worst experience of my life
76561198033209795,Recommended,480490,31686349,Posted: 11 May,all,MALICEDOLL79,what a masterpiece !!!! what an ending!!!
76561198197982478,Recommended,480490,31792870,Posted: 16 May,all,Killer Bean,One of the most fun games I have played in a long time I would recommend this to anybody who has the money.
,Recommended,480490,33783219,Posted: 25 July,all,JoeJazz,"A good mixture of Bioshock, Dishonored art style and Dead Space / Deus Ex elements. Arkane didn't disappoint again. These guys just know what they are doing."
76561198059782577,Recommended,480490,33011516,Posted: 29 June,all,Corbo_Sweeney,It's like bioshock and the The Thing but in space. 10/10 so far
76561198051362289,Recommended,480490,33757924,Posted: 23 July,all,foaminator,"Excellent first-person story telling experienceIf you are just looking for a shooter, you are missing the point of Prey. Prey tells a story from a first person perspective, but the star is the people and environment of the station. Key points:Very enjoyable story told with a high level of detail. Both the people on the station and the history of how things got to be this way are well thought out. There are even several ""no way!"" moments.The environment and psyhics are so well defined, you can do things that most games would never allow. There's no invisible walls or wonky ""you can do that yet"" setups. If you can think of a way to use your items and/or abilities to ""beat"" a challenge, it will work.There's often a palpable level of suspense and tension. It's not a horror game, but that feeling of impending dread helps fuel an immersive experience.The weightless environments are realistic, but not difficult to navigate. I'm amazed at the size and scope of the station itself.If you can forgive sounds while you are in space, the sounds and music are well done and heighten the atmosphere.The graphics are solid with only a few forgivable texture glitches once in a while.Combat starts hard and becomes easier, but there are enough enemy differences and (pleasantly) enemy tactics to keep it fun throughout the game.It would be nice if there was some way to rotate objects you pick up.IMHO this game is a streal at full price, but if you see it on sale, grab it with both hands! Don't rush, take it all in, and you'll really love it."
76561197969544001,Recommended,480490,31706738,Posted: 12 May,all,T0DdL3RT1CkL3R,"Difficulty I played on: Hard - may be relevant in my review.Prey is a refreshing take on some of the great games of our time that you have likely already played before. If you are a fan of Deus Ex, Bioshock, System Shock, Half Life (Think more the original titles rather than their spinoffs and sequels) then you will quite likely enjoy Prey.That being said - Prey is pretty intense, I don't normally like scary stuff and I can't quite say that this is terrifying, but it does have its moments and occassionally I find myself needing to take a break. It's also not innovating a whole lot in the combat domain, if you like to play shooters for a romp where you're a god then perhaps something more akin to Doom or Dishonored is for you.However, if you like a bit of difficulty, Prey has gone pretty oldschool - tilting the balance a bit more in favor of the enemy, especially at the start. I know that by now we're sick of hearing freeform, play your way bs sales pitches, but Prey actually gets this right too, it's not just sales fluff. You can get into a lot of places earlier than you're supposed to and it rewards creativity.Prey is definitely one of the better high tier titles I've played in a while - I would definitely recommend it."
76561198209640733,Recommended,480490,33929484,Posted: 31 July,all,Technoir,"Its hard to try and sum up how I feel about this game, it certainly not bad but it’s not great either.  I purchased the game on launch played two hours then it sat on my machine for months un played.  The story just didn’t jump out and grab me plus I had performance issues that bugged me.I returned to the game recently in a bout of boredom from other games, same performance issues were apparent but it appears this was all vsync driven and after disabling and enabling in Nvidia control i went back up to 114 fps @ 1440p ultra settings (I’m running 7700k, 1080s in SLI , 16 gig ) I felt it was now playable.The visuals are a strange one, very much in this dishonoured 2 style sometimes they look great other times terrible, quite often there are areas of the game that clearly had no attention, take a look at the shuttle cockpit panels they are so blocky they are unreadable.In terms of gameplay it took me ages to get to grips with saving my ammo, I was forever running out and never had enough crafting supplies, I did enjoy the crafting process just wish it yielded more resources.   One of my major frustrations was the dam military robots they seem to wipe me out with ease and at one point I even dialled down to easy, clearly avoidance is the best policy but that’s not how I typically play my games.  Towards the end I just wanted it over and was practically constantly holding shift just running past everything.Overall, again it’s not a bad game but I just isn’t a great one that lived up to the hype , I’d say a solid 6/10, I certainly have no desire at all to replay, but I did enjoy way more than dishonoured 2 for sure.  Im still gonna recommend as its not so bad that I would wish I never played it however make sure you pick it up in the sale."
,Recommended,480490,33578445,Posted: 15 July,all,Cook,"This is an excellent game that combines the game elements of System Shock and the level design of Bio Shock.Unlike Bioshock, in which when you pass the level you do not have the point to return to it, in this game the level design really feels like one big space station. So expect a lot of back-tracking. For me, it was not a problem, because I like to explore the station, read letters and listen to audio messages, but some people do not like it.I read a lot of reviews about the high difficulty of the game and I'm sure that these people just have bad skills because I finished the game on a normal difficulty killing all Typhons along the way.This game rewards exploring, so if you will look in all corners, you will not be short on supplies."
,Recommended,480490,34534225,Posted: 27 August,all,Arnold Judas Rimmer,"Though not without flaws, Prey is a real spiritual sequel to the System Shock games that is worth a playthrough if you enjoyed either the 'Shock games or Deus Ex. Best played blind."
,Recommended,480490,34552641,Posted: 28 August,all,barotai buruwskilimii,"With roughly 40 hours on record despite having yet to beat it, I suppose that I've seen enough to write a review.Prey is a FPS-Horror game, where you play as Morgan Yu (regardless of gender, weirdly enough) in the year 2032 on Talos I, a space station orbiting Earth constructed during a joint-operation between USSR and US in an Alternate Universe where Kennedy survived, Cold War ended and USSR didn't dissolve. You remember nothing about your past, and are forced to defend yourself from the Typhon, alien lifeforms whose powers range from shapeshifting into a coffee cup to mind control. As you travel across Talos I trying to figure out what's happening, you uncover more and more of yourself, Talos I and the Typhon. Good chunk of what you probably are not going to see coming.There's a crafting system, although it's more of ""creating system"" since while you collect resources to build things, you only have four resources to choose from (organic, mineral, synthetic and exotic) and the machine you use to tear down and build stuff is wholly automated. So no pain in remembering what block goes where. Also, Recycler Grenades? The best toy. Ever.There's also the Neuromods. In nutshell, they're syringes (syringeboxes?) you inject directly into your brain, granting you various abilities - including Typhon powers later in the game. It's very BioShock-ish, but better. Much like in BioShock they run on Psi, which you can replenish with Psi-Hypos, but by the time you have these powers chances are you have more than enough.Lore is definitely interesting, IMO. I can't discuss it since it's very spoilery, but barebones was already mentioned. You're in space, can't remember what's going on and that coffee cup might be an alien which'll jump at you and stick it's legs into your mouth to become more aliens until it'll create a bigger alien. Might. The atmosphere in general is fantastic, too.The music gets a minus from me, however. It's not very engaging or interesting like in Doom and Wolfenstein, so you'll probably have a moment where you'll forget it even had any when an actually interesting beat starts.It's also really expensive. 60 euros is tad bit too much for me. I'd say wait for a sale like I did.All in all, it's a good game. Very BioShocky, but it gets a recommendation from me."
,Recommended,480490,34564068,Posted: 28 August,all,Symbolized,"The most compelling game I've played yet this year, Prey is a philosophical teaser on choice and free-will wrapped in the shroud of a horror game. It uses elements of psychological horror and decision-making to create a game that thrives on utilizing your skills to take advantage of your surroundings. Overall the game puzzles upon your decisions.Technically, the game feels very similar to Dishonored 2 in terms of movement and visuals. Both games are produced by Arkane Studios on the same engine, and by extension they ""feel"" similar from a purely mechanical standpoint.This is a game that shines with multiple playthroughs. How you play the game is a question of the skills you choose to learn, and the paths and decisions you take and make."
,Recommended,480490,31566228,Posted: 5 May,all,Jesterpanda,"Extremely refreshing! Each time I think 'they cant possibly have more content/abilities/weapons than this' while playing this game, new stuff just keeps showing up!Highly recommended so far!"
,Recommended,480490,34565372,Posted: 28 August,all,CommanderAlexander,"If you want a heavily immersive, unique, thrilling, and seemingly never ending single player experience to enjoy whenever you feel like gaming alone purchase Prey."
,Recommended,480490,34471820,Posted: 24 August,all,HeavyLead,"One of the best single player games I have played. The Bioshock series is one of my favorites, with an awesome blend of gameplay and deep storytelling. While not developed by Irrational Prey follows those qualities beat for beat. Expansive level design with verticality and freeform puzzle solving in mind, robust enough combat, excellent visuals and audio, tied up in an unforgetable sci-fi story that ♥♥♥♥s with your head. This is my dream game and i'm so glad Arkane did the title justice."
,Recommended,480490,34524849,Posted: 27 August,all,TadpoleGuts,"Great game, definitely recommend"
76561197999743561,Recommended,480490,31708038,Posted: 12 May,all,ACL711,"My review of Prey:I LOVED this game. Like many who have compared it to other games, it truly is like playing Bioshock and Systemshock combined, with a hint of Deus Ex: Human Revolution. If I broke it down to points:Gameplay:What's great is the game doesn't exactly force you to be linear, you can take your time exploring while working your way through the main storyline. This greater freedom allows you to get use to the world you're in, gather the resources you need, and choose how you want to play YOUR way, my word of caution is to TAKE YOUR TIME. This isn't a game where you should rush into things, when you explore, I mean EXPLORE. There are resources or key items that you may miss if you don't properly venture. Literally virtually touch everything when you enter a new room. The game also gives you limits on resources, so I had to plan carefully if I wanted to fight, or what I wanted to keep, or recylce.Story:While I've heard many don't enjoy the story, I thought it was okay. Granted it was somewhat linear and a little predictable, but I will say because you have a greater freedom of what you can do in this game, you don't have to follow everything. It gives you certain choices, and those choices (while minute) affect how the story will turn out. But for the ending...I think you'll enjoy it. I knew nothing of the game when I first started, completely clueless other than knowing this is a space-horror game, so I dived into this without much expectation.Combat:One of the things that made it feel lukewarm was combat. At the beginning it was scary, you're fighting these unknown aliens and you don't know their weaknesses or what's the best way to kill them without wasting so much effort. But overtime it becomes predictable, natural as to what to do to counter the unknown. Eventually it just lost the magic it had at the very first 3 hours. But as the game gives you choices, it also allows you ways to deal with enemies, letting you decide how you want to attack. Want to be a ninja? A gunslinger? Maybe both? Otherwise the combat was okay.Art:OH MY GOD WHERE DO I START?! Granted I wasn't exactly playing on hi-def graphics, but this game, the world it has painted, to all the details. I. LOVE. IT. Honestly I remember I nerded out for 5 minutes on just ONE of the furnitures, it looked like it was inspired largely by Charles and Ray Eames. And in some of the level designs, it felt just extraordinary, it's like if the designs of how the rich lived in the 1920's, plus Bioshock, Deus Ex, and just like space got together to conceive this beautiful artistic world...well it's like that.If we're talking about graphics...I would say it was smooth. Certain games can be bumped up to be SUPER crisp, bright, vivid even. Prey doesn't go that way, everything in its environment felt rounded, smooth, somewhat bright (depending on locations), and clear. But I feel that's what helps make the game's atmosphere blend the world well. It feels like the future, like space. In many space games that paint the future, everything is shiny, smooth, designs are rarely ever jagged or have defined edges, and even bubbly or organic like. That's what I liked about it, it felt like this is what the future may hold if we go to space, not too futuristic, but enough to show it.Music:Did I mention I loved the music? Well I LOVED THE MUSIC. Hell, I even bought the soundtrack. Just playing through the game, certain tracks play and it really helps evoke the feeling of the situation you're in. Sometimes it's scary music, it makes you paranoid, like ""Is there an enemy nearby? What horror happened here?!"" Othertimes it maybe emotional, a connection to the protagonist's brother, their past, or just how the protagonist feels at certain points. But my FAVORITE part of all the music in this game is the synthwave and electronic music parts. Yes, I've been digging into synthwave for a good while now, and when it played I was happily surprised, I really dig the beats. There's also a certain song that plays at a certain point in the game, and it is just...it's just such an awesome track, I'm not going to spoil it, but that track when it was happening while fighting enemies was just an awesome feeling.Overall:I would say I'm very happy. I liked this game, it was that nostalgia that I missed within the horror genre where it wasn't TOO scary, but frightening enough. My view maybe different since I knew almost nothing about the game, but I'm glad I didn't. I've heard that people experienced some game saving issues while playing, I've only experienced it once and that was it, so I'm not sure how really bad it was.My final score for this: 8/10It's really good, not perfect, but if there's a game you'd like to try, I recommend this. If you like to focus on game design, the art placed into it, if you like some synthwave or electronic music. Then play this."
76561198057755597,Recommended,480490,34462838,Posted: 24 August,all,madge,"I dont write many reviews , as i find people like different things so what 1 person is into may not be what others like .. But i am 15 hours into Prey and feel i am just scratching the surface.. i am taking my time reading all email etc and just exploring everywhere and everything ..Really like this game the atmosphere the music and the characters .. all in all i would say give it a go .. if you like Bethesda games .. you will enjoy this for sure"
,Recommended,480490,31690949,Posted: 11 May,all,NotGaben,I spent about 5 minutes in a bathroom shooting every roll of toilet paper I saw because I was certain I saw a mimic transform into one.10/10 Would obliterate toilet paper again
,Recommended,480490,31675094,Posted: 10 May,all,BravoMike,Outstanding.  My favorite game of the year.
,Recommended,480490,31674944,Posted: 10 May,all,Isaac Clarke,Notice: This is an early game review I haven't made much progressThis game definitely has one of strongest openings I've have ever seen in a game. It set the scene of the game well. The graphics are reminisent of Dishonored which gives it a nice feel apart from the realistic graphics games are going for. I spent most my time faffing about the station and then was attacked by a mimic disguised as a coffee cup. Now I massacre countless innocent coffee cups in anticipation of a mimic.10/10 would soil pants again
,Recommended,480490,31674688,Posted: 10 May,all,Wz,"This game is for you if you enjoy Bioshock, Dishonored, etc. Great game 8.5/10 for me."
,Recommended,480490,34427125,Posted: 22 August,all,Goric,Pretty much Bioshock in space. Cant go wrong with that.
76561198262642235,Recommended,480490,34486200,Posted: 25 August,all,josephalanbartholomew,"I can safetly say I 100% recomend this game. There is so much custamizability. There are so many ways to do things. You can play it exactly how you want to. The atmosphere is really well done, and I feel for the characters. There is a lot of depth to the story if youare willing to look for it. There are a few bugs, but not many."
76561197993473943,Recommended,480490,34486751,Posted: 25 August,all,broozar,"I was hesitant after I read the mixed reviews on this, but the game turned out to be one of my favourites this year. Thick atmosphere, excellent level design, challenging enemy encounters, pretty visuals and fun exploration. Others call it a modern SystemShock/Bioshock, and it's definitely in the vein of those games, although I found Prey's world more captivating. Absolutely recommended."
,Recommended,480490,34454039,Posted: 23 August,all,Al Forno [Olive Garden],"Prey delivers on an experience remenicent to System Shock in a wonderful way.If you want a more atmospheric FPS that focuses more an an experience than 'Shoot Mans.  Mans falls down', Prey is a fantastic option!"
,Recommended,480490,34489716,Posted: 25 August,all,SketchyBrown,"I've been playing immersive sims since Deus Ex in 2000 and this is easily one of my favorites. If the powers were as fun as Arkane's attempts in the Dishonored series, then it would easily take it. The atmosphere, level design, and world are second to none. Do not miss this."
76561198143395097,Recommended,480490,34452877,Posted: 23 August,all,Fireman2228,"Prey is a game that intrigued me since the first trailer I saw at E3 2 year ago. I was always fascinated with the concept of this game. I can now say after completing this gem that I am even more intrigued now than I was 2 years ago. The ending left me confused and dazed in a good way. In a nutshell, this game will play with your mind like a kitten does with a ball of yarn. Prepare to be confused the whole time with your fingers frantically moving across the keyboard as you avoid or confront the Typhon species aboard Talos 1. It legitimately was a “Fantastic” game. Think of it like Bioshock in Space! The gunplay, crafting, sneaking, psi powers, and gripping story are all worth your time. Be aware that choices do matter in this game. The last thing I am going to say is that you are not going to like what I have to say next………[Cue dramatic Cutscene]12/10 Wrenchs4Life"
,Recommended,480490,33885323,Posted: 29 July,all,Packet_Theta,"If you don't pay attention, this game can be punishing. If you're a completion freak raised on Metroid and Fallout, it's quite enjoyable.Also, beware the toilet paper...."
,Recommended,480490,34474643,Posted: 24 August,all,Solipsisticurge,"Excellent ""immersive sim"" in the usual Arkane style. Vastly better than Dishonored 2. Setting and story were quite interesting, though the ending was telegraphed a mile away. If BioShock, Dead Space and Deus Ex had a freakish baby, this game would be it. (System Shock 2 comparisons are just a touch off, to my mind. Not enough of a horror emphasis here.)Will have you stopping dead in your tracks IRL as you wonder whether that's ACTUALLY where you left your coffee cup. ♥♥♥♥ing mimics.Leveling system was a bit odd in where some skills were placed. (Also made no sense in terms of the game's lore, if you care about that sort of thing.)Voice work fell a bit flat in some characters, absolutely shone with others.Some of the background stories found through reading people's e-mails and smart phones like a creep were hilarious, to heartbreaking.Excellent game, will play again if I can find the time."
76561198062547070,Recommended,480490,31674272,Posted: 10 May,all,Aki,If you were never able to play bioshock when it first came out and want to experience an emersive sci fi horror with some real gameplay then just buy the game. I bought at full price and think it really is worth it.
,Recommended,480490,34519339,Posted: 26 August,all,Mj. Malevolence,This is one of the few games I paid full price for and haven't had an ounce of regret. I absolutely love it! I was about to go on a rant about all the positives but I think this will do:Gooy McGooface!
76561198055935037,Recommended,480490,31572939,Posted: 5 May,all,Spicy Milkshake,When Prop Hunt becomes an actual game...but instead the props hunt you...
,Recommended,480490,31571873,Posted: 5 May,all,Sergeant QQ,"If Dishonored, System Shock, Deus Ex, and Half Life made sweet love, they'd make a lil' baby Prey.The game is tense, rewarding, and it doesn't treat you like a noobie to vidya.  It's an excellent gaming experience and well worth your money.  Not to mention, it performs well too.  100+ fps on the reg with a GTX 1080, i7 7700k, at 3440x1440."
76561198012299932,Recommended,480490,31572095,Posted: 5 May,all,Punch Facefist,I now have a crippling addiction to recycling and an intense fear of inanimate objects.10/10
,Recommended,480490,31572122,Posted: 5 May,all,TheOnlyFury,"So far the game is incredible - I love this genre of first-person exploration with narratively-driven horror. I get those feelings of glee from playing Half Life, Bioshock and Dishonored. Regardless of it's breathtaking intro, the game is a bit slow to start, but picks up its pacing into the second hour. Voice acting, though minimal overall, is well-done. And the different weapons and gadgets are a blast to play around with.Let me just devote a line here to comment on how gorgeous the environments in this game are. Strangely beautiful.The game runs very well and controls even better. Google how to change the FOV and motion blur and you'll be on your way to a fantastic experience. Combat is difficult and is designed to test you - will you sneak around, confront your enemies with a traditional weapon or bust out some futuristic tech and come up with an interesting combo to take your enemy out? It's up to you and I love it.It's not perfect, though. I've had odd glitches here and there with mimics. I've had a few mimics disappear through walls and a few that popped out of nothing at all. I'm also not a huge fan of big, echoey crescendos every time something scary is ""supposed"" to happen. I was FREQUENTLY facing the opposite direction to see what was ""supposed"" to scare me.TLDR: Feels like the classic horror/shooter/exploration title done right."
76561198273493009,Recommended,480490,34090980,Posted: 7 August,all,RoscoeSteele16,"In the middle of the game, but so far I'm enjoying it.It's very clever, in a lot of ways. From combat to side quests, you're constantly trying new things.It's also an actuall challenge. When it comes to enemies or resources, you're always on your toes.The story keeps you questioning and delivers answers in awesome ways.You never feel trapped. There is always a way to complete your task, no matter your build.Fun game, challenging, great lore."
,Recommended,480490,33963561,Posted: 1 August,all,American_Blackshirt,"Amazing.  Simply amazing.  I'm new to PC gaming myself but have seen a fair share of♥♥♥♥♥♥titles already.  This is not by any means one of them.  The game is an excellent peice of a Sci-Fi RPG with Horror elements.  The combat is fluid, the exploration is immense, the dialogue is excellent and the scenery is breath taking.  It took me two computers, but I've played through the game once and plan on a second in a month or two.  I could not recomend this enough to fans of Dishonored or Bioshock as the game clearly draws inspiration from but vastly improves upon.  In the way of gameplay, which the neuromods can alter, you can recycle the scarce materials of the space station and create any of the items you have fabrication plans (blue prints) for.  These can include ammo, weaponry, consumables and more.  The game also has the implentation of these fabrications limited to specific areas with the equipment available.  Finding them isn't too difficult but getting there is another story.  You might want to use stealth to bypass enemies or go guns blazing, I'd suggest the former early on.  The story is pretty well formatted, not overly complicated to the point of the new Halo story but not as primitive as 'go find your son that we gave you five minutes ago.'  Yes, your decisions do matter, both in the short term and the long.  You could help someone out to get the password for a door lock or murder them for some resources.  It's really up to you and the other characters on the station will acknowledge it.My only particular criticisms would be with a few bugs regarding dead bodies and the awkward aiming that entails not being able to look down the barrel of gun but instead simply zooming in the screen.  Still had a hell of a time, the is not a game to miss and very much worth the sixty dollar price tag.  I got it during the Steam Summer Sale so I lucked out at a fraction of the price."
,Recommended,480490,31572803,Posted: 5 May,all,Spoiler Alert,"This game is fantastic. It truly does feel like a mashup of Bioshock, System Shock, Doom, and the Dead Space series - a mashup that is done very, very well. I've been running from corridor to corridor dogding coffee cups, whacking lamps, chairs, and running from the Nightmare (fresh out of ammo). Weapon, equipment, and mods are great. After about four hours in, I am very excited to spend plenty of time on Talos. It does create a sense of tension, especially when you have no armor, no ammo, 10 hit points, and a Nightmare is hunting you down.The stealth and the sound mixing are two things, however, that unforgivably suck in this game. Don't bother hiding, the creatures will find you anyway.The sound mix is nothing more than raising volume levels and adds virtually nothing to the experience. In fact, it harms it, the sound can get that bad. Turning the music off is a better option. At times the soundtrack starts blaring at max volume, making you think something is there when it is not. Pick up an audio log, get a battle soundtrack, and some other sound FX at once and you wonder who the hell did the sound mix.I have the Corsair SP2500 series speakers, which have GREAT reference quality audio. The only thing that might need referenced here is a course in audio mixing.I am not exaggerating when I say the sound mix is completely terrible, but, the effects and sounds themselves are good. The aliens tend to sound like they stepped in Dubstep.Trendy. Maybe they'll get dance moves and a twerking upgrade in the future.My only regret is that this isn't compatible with the Vive... That would be amazing.I recommend this for sure, but only with the music turned off, or down, until fixed.Or, just slap in some Dr Dre and start smoking some alien scum with your shotgun.If the enemies get you down, just grab some recycler charges and play space station cleanup. With a recycler charge fabrication plan and a little interior design you can make that old space station look great in between objectives. You'll need every ounce of resources you can recycle for crafting ammo and medkits. Have fun!"
,Recommended,480490,31572871,Posted: 5 May,all,Corporal Capy,The only game where wanting to stap needles into your eye is a good thing.
,Recommended,480490,33287953,Posted: 5 July,all,SFAriel,"fantastic game, literally system shock 3"
76561197993919579,Recommended,480490,31729960,Posted: 13 May,all,notepad,"Awesome game.  Basically, if you like immersive sims, get this game.  There's not many in this genre, and this one is well-made.Play it like an immersive sim, not a shooter.  Explore, explore, explore.  Try different things.This game reminds me mostly of space Bioshock with a few spoons of Deus Ex: Human Revolution and a dash of System Shock 2.  The Bioshock seems strongest I think due to the visual style of the levels."
,Recommended,480490,32416874,Posted: 14 June,all,DeuceSpark,"Excellent game!!!! No cutscenes. All first person action. Intense moments throughout. Just an absolutely fantastic game.I would easily say its my favourite game ever. Loved every minute of it.I think I messed up for about half of my playtime as I wasted ammo at points were I really didn't need to use it. But this added to the intensity of the game and made you think on your feet to complete each objective.I'm not going to ruin the game, but the ending!!!! Wow!!! I wasn't expecting that."
76561198003570750,Recommended,480490,31577569,Posted: 6 May,all,Deadlock,"Just a few hours in and I'm having a blast!+ The story, the atmosphere, it's all very well done.+ Great open world to explore. You can pick your own way to play and exploration is rewarded.+ Crafting is fun! Every item has a use.+ Original weapons. I mean, a foam dart crossbow?! That's even better than the gun from Painkiller that shoots shurikens and lightning!If I really have to be nitpicky about some things:- Enemies move at the speed of light, sometimes it's hard to keep track of what killed you.- Sometimes there's a loading screen when you travel through an airlock, it might have been better to load while cycling the airlock in game so the player can still do things.I'd really recommend this for fans of Bioshock.I'll revisit this review later on.edit: 10 hours in, it's only getting better, oh my god. :D"
76561197998394539,Recommended,480490,31779631,Posted: 15 May,all,WouldYouKindly,Look at my name. Look at my avatar. The original bioshock was my favorite... And this game has just given it a run for it's money. You can fully explore an entire space station! So many ways to get in to restricted areas. A great story with a clever twist. AND I GET TO USE A WRENCH TO SMACK BADDIES IN THE FACE AGAIN!I can't recommend this game enough!
76561198184601901,Recommended,480490,33984673,Posted: 2 August,all,M A X I M U M N U T,"I love this game. The story gives you many different choices and they can really make you feel like you are the guy with emotional or dangerous decisions. On normal mode I thought it was going to be easy but it was completely the opposite. You can stealth past some parts or go head on. Use, powers, use guns, fight ""bosses"" (if you consider the rarer enemies one),etc... I give it an 8.5/10 I thought that you should be able to keep the game going even after the main story like The Fallout games. I completely reccommend this. If you like space, fighting, and/or stealth, or just enjoy a nice game,  then Prey is for you."
,Recommended,480490,33984292,Posted: 2 August,all,Kilroy_wuz_here,"After an hour with Prey I started to realize that I had the biggest smile on my face.  Prey was the sort of game that I have been wanting to play for a long time.  I routinely play games like Deus Ex and the Bioshock series and Prey feels like it takes a nod from those games in its world design, UI, and gameplay.The controls are intuitive and objectives can truly be completed in a variety of different ways.  Prey generally eschews hand-holding in favor of telling the player right from the start of the game to, ""do what feels natural"".  This approach makes me feel more confident that I am not ""breaking the game"" by utilizing items to get me into an area that would otherwise be out of limits to me, it also encourages me to get out of the ""on the rails"" mindset so common with first-person shooters.The weapons were a slight dissapointment, I quickly found that with few exceptions there really is not a reason to use anything other than the shotgun.  That being said, other weapons all have enemies that they are best suited to tackling, but none seem to posess the same raw power of the shotgun.Enemies feel strong, and challanging, occasionally enemies were encountered that were powerful, tenacious, and deadly to the point that I had to put the game up for the night and resume the next day.The story was engaging and I found myself rushing by the games end to try and find out what happened.  Ultimately, I was left feeling a little confused and I feel that better explanations on the part of the developer would go a long way to increasing that satisfaction.  The length of the game was also a little dissapointing, I beat it in just over 27 hours.  This is a good length, but for a game so engaging I would have loved to have played a little while longer.Overall, I would recommend this game to a friend."
76561198331642699,Recommended,480490,34377900,Posted: 20 August,all,reapero.man,Fun? Check.Great story? CheckInnovative? CheckGood grahics? CheckCompelling narrative? CheckBuy this game.If you don't enjoy Prey you can't appreciate true art and you should be burned.
76561198364309109,Recommended,480490,31567065,Posted: 5 May,all,Donnie Vegas,"And thats how you launch a new game!Pretty much bug free, runs really well and is packed full of gamepaly with very nice visuals and sounds.Thank you kindlyBecuase for once im playing a game right after paying for it instead of testing a game right after paying for it!Freaking Great Job!"
,Recommended,480490,32580819,Posted: 19 June,all,"TRI-FIST, THE MONARCH OF LAW","""BioShock... IN SPACE.""Seriously.  You liked BioShock?  This is that; in space.Prey has a great mix of atmospheric horror (pun fully intended) and combat along with a fairly interesting narrative.In terms of gameplay, my only real complaint is having to do any combat in Zero-G.  On that note, I will readily admit I only dislike it as much as I do because I have trouble keeping track of anything while floating in a fully three-dimensional environment like that.In terms of story, well... I have the same complaint as basically everyone else, but with less heat.  I more or less figured out the ""twist"" on my own at one point or another and I had thought its revelation would be the driving force for the last act of the game, so I was just as surprised as everyone else when it turned out the way it did.  Instead of angry, I'm really just disappointed.  It wouldn't have taken too much effort to make the ending better than it is and it's disheartening that it worked out like this.Those two points of negativity aside, Prey is a great game and I am glad I bought it.  I fully recommend it with the caveat that you will very likely find the ending less than satisfactory."
,Recommended,480490,32609338,Posted: 20 June,all,ALT2RELOAD,"GREAT GAME! Prey has fun and challenging gameplay as well as a truly immersive and in depth story; you feel like choices carry real weight in the world. I can't recommend this enough if you like first person shooters with a focus on survival and world building rather than run N' gun, bottomless clip style action. Prey has a survival horror/rpg feel with skill trees, resource management and stealth mechanics. The story will change depending on how you play. The soundtrack is made mostly by Mick Gordon who worked on DOOM(2016) and Wolfenstein: The New Order. Lastly, when you beat the game wait until the end of the credits."
,Recommended,480490,32621441,Posted: 21 June,all,Boris,"58.5 hrs for my first completion on Hard difficulty. I cant fault this game at all. Its rare to find a game you can sink so many hours into, Most modern games only give you around 3-24 hrs of story gameplay. Theres also some replayability if your into that. As it stands i would highly recommend this game to any one who likes Bioshock or System Shock."
76561198021471972,Recommended,480490,34337312,Posted: 18 August,all,MMSPIDER,"Game requires time, and google. I get stuck somewhat often trying to find random stuff. I get little frustrated, and take a break. Right now, I am stuck on a part that will require me to take a break and watch a YouTube video.  “gathering echoes mission”With that said the game is fun and there is a lot to do. They throw a lot of stuff at you (probably little too much stuff). My guess to be able to play the game again in a different way (Kind of like dishonored).The game is done really done, and runs great! I would recommend this game to someone who has time and wants to get lost in a game."
,Recommended,480490,32647014,Posted: 22 June,all,[INDIV] Stone Rhino,"36 hours in and I'm still having fun with my space NERF gun.If you enjoyed System Shock 1 and 2, this is for YOU.Multiple endings, however they branch off very far from each other. This means that you'll likely have to repeat a LOT of steps if you want to explore all of the endings. One of which made no sense. Whatever, it was a♥♥♥♥♥♥move ending; Restored save and went another way.If this had VR support, I would likely burn money just to get the gear and play this game. It needs it!"
76561198040657891,Recommended,480490,32679561,Posted: 23 June,all,Coalf,"Amazing game full of suprising features and many hidden nooks and cranies to explore.If you have been thirsting for another game ala System Shock search no more!Prey does an amazing job at scratching my SS itch, multiple choices, loot hidden behind skillchecks, plenty of audio logs AND text logs plus a plethera of original weapons such as the GLOO gun which doubles as a weapon and a tool helping you with accessing otherwise in-accessible areas.Of course no game is without flaws, the hacking minigame is annoying at worst and too easy at best, the game tries very hard to be a horror survival game but fails to deliver as enemies are easily dispatched.Shotgun is easily the only gun worth using and while others try to be useful and original I found myself going back to the shotgun again and again.Otherwise Prey is a very pretty gem reminding me why games such as System Shock 2, Bioshock or Deus Ex are played even today due to their amazing amount of content."
76561198044381397,Recommended,480490,34336722,Posted: 18 August,all,Goblin Jesus,"Prey is a singleplayer FPS game in which you have an extreme amount of freedom in how you approach and complete your objectives in any way that tickles your fancy. Whether it be a stealthy approach, or going in guns blazing with some sick alien powers. However, combat is more of a puzzle in terms of finding the best way to kill/avoid an enemy, but it's not a bad thing. The narrative is a bit inconsisent in terms of the writing and the ending is questionable, but overall I still found the story compelling enough and interesting enough to want to see it through to the end. That being said, the lore found inside the game from audiologs and notes is very well made.Overall, I'd reccomend Prey to just about anyone who likes FPS that have more of an emphasis on story telling and exploration over high octane combat."
,Recommended,480490,34338852,Posted: 18 August,all,Maelstrom117,"I've usually found myself a fan of bethesda games, especially Dishonored and Fallout 4. When I saw this originally advertised, I figured it would be Dishonored in space and couldn't buy it fast enough when it came out. My expectations were high and they have been blown out of the water. The story is immersive, the combat is awesome, and everything about the game is beautiful. It is suspenseful but has a bit of a sense of humor. Visually stunning, and the first game in a while I've felt was worth the retail price and more. If you enjoy sci fi, shooters, some puzzles, and the feel of an investigation, this game is for you. To clarify, it is not dishonored in space, the environment reminds me of Soma with the atmosphere and suspense building, and a bit of bioshock or even borderlands. Its hard to describe, but I'd definitely recommend it. I wish there was a hell yes button to check."
76561198052834947,Recommended,480490,32760088,Posted: 25 June,all,Barkahol,This game is the spiritual successor to the original Bioshock.
76561198017548020,Recommended,480490,32784566,Posted: 25 June,all,Blahu,"Very good game, reminds me of golden days of Half Life and HL2. Difficult, must be approached tactical most of the times, atmospheric, very good sound effects and music. GFX are ok, not very fancy but it works and most important, VERY WELL OPTIMIZED.GG Arkane 10/10 a must have."
76561198027987000,Recommended,480490,32785759,Posted: 25 June,all,blue9244,"Loved this game!  It goes into my top ten games of all time!  I will certainly be playing it again.  For me, there were few cons but one of them was running around trying to remember how to get to a place or thing but then I'm older than the average player - 72.  I really like the mix of an open world environment and the ability to play it my way, choosing the skills and upgrades to suit me.  It is fast paced and you practically jump off your chair when surprised by an enemy.  I would highly recommend this game especially if you loved Dishonered and Deus Ex (both on my top ten list)."
,Recommended,480490,32787925,Posted: 25 June,all,Vermelho,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. Not only are the main quests pretty interesting, but the side quests are also really well written and pretty cool to do. My favourite game to play solo at the moment."
,Recommended,480490,34364982,Posted: 19 August,all,Zandy12,"This game messed with my mind like crazy in the end. This game was amazing, though it had some scary bits to it. Prey was hands down one of the best games I have ever played. The story was terrific and the graphics were pure eye candy. So much fun and yet great ambience and atmosphere in the game. You really felt like you were in a space station and you could real feel the isolation and desperation of the protagonist in the game. It is a game you should definitely play. Don't underestimate the shock value prey contains."
76561197991635352,Recommended,480490,32607473,Posted: 20 June,all,hitman47003,"highly recommended, really enjoyed this one reminded me of bioshock serise"
,Recommended,480490,32760632,Posted: 25 June,all,eternalrustling,"Prey is one of those really unexpected winners that you only come across once every few years.  I hadn't followed the game AT ALL so I was coming in only knowing that Arkane made it and it has nothing to do with Prey 2006.  So that was it.What followed was a game that I've described to friends as ""Bioshock if it didn't insult your intelligence"".  It takes everything great from the *Shock series yet has a real distinct personality of its own.As far as great FPS games go...it may not be the best.  That's not to say that the gameplay isn't fantastic (because it is) or it's too easy to burn through (which IT IS NOT), but compared to the excellent atmosphere, world building, story, and pacing, the actual gameplay feels mediocre in comparison.Overall, I feel like this is one of those games you're either going to ""get"" or you're not.  If you're looking for your next great FPS...there might be better ones out there.  But if you're looking for a really special experience that HAPPENS to be an FPS...you've definitely found it.Final score:  HalfShock Ex/10 would goty every year please make a sequel arkane i love you"
,Recommended,480490,34296364,Posted: 16 August,all,Austion!,"If you love games like Deus ex, Dishonored, or the Shock series, this game is for you. Great story, with challenging gameplay that truly lets you play how you want. Plus you can murder everyone and the game rewards you for it. Took me about 15 hours to beat it the first time, but I missed some of the side content. Loved it! Solid 8/10"
76561198005814737,Recommended,480490,32608965,Posted: 20 June,all,Scorberus,Excellent experience and well worth the price. I'm a bit of an explorer completionist and finished in 35 hours. I think if you take your time you can really pull 48 hours out of this. There is still a bit I missed based on my decisions. I'll definately play this title again one day.
,Recommended,480490,32644115,Posted: 22 June,all,AWEdio,"Excellent game, reminds me a geat deal of the Dead Space series. Took me about 30 hrs to finish it."
76561198060161681,Recommended,480490,33665327,Posted: 19 July,all,Ransome,"Truly a great game, if you are a fan of the Dishonered games that you will probably like this. No, its nothing at all like the original Prey, but I almost think its better. People are really overlooking this game right now but its just as good as any.Pros:High replay valuegood combatlots of side quests20+ hours of gameplaygreat storyno bugs (for me)good graphicslots of added freatures, really makes you realize the devs put a lot of effort into this.Cons:I have an SSD and even with this the loading times could be a bit much.Other than that there is really nothing else.I got this game on the Summer Sale for 40$ so it was extreemly worth. 60$ to me would still have been worth but if it isnt to you,  wait until its on sale."
,Recommended,480490,32777178,Posted: 25 June,all,Hemipheistos,"Gaeme is gud, yo !"
76561198055690373,Recommended,480490,33698792,Posted: 21 July,all,issarevs,"Game of the year as far as I am concerned.  I like the graphics, the story, the mechanics, the weapons, the mimics, the AI, the UI, ...  It's deep, And it's just plain FUN.  Sort of like Half Life.  Can't really say I dislike anything, which is unusual."
76561197994190576,Recommended,480490,34377471,Posted: 20 August,all,Malefice,The best game of it's type since Bioshock. Buy with confidence.
76561198153503873,Recommended,480490,32660286,Posted: 22 June,all,SonicWIzard,"One hell of a ride.Couple things about this game.-if you liked bioshock you will almost definitely like this game.-be prepared to question you own morality, a lot.-has great ambience. The devs did an amazing job of sucking you into the role.-Can be incredibly nerve wracking at times-resource management is key-hold on to neuromods, you never know when you might need some.-stay on your toes, you never know what might be trying to kill you.Great job Devs, you blew me away with this one."
,Recommended,480490,32662951,Posted: 22 June,all,这个名字真的是出乎意料的长阿,"Awesome game.Good story, weapon system, and graphic."
76561198109196141,Recommended,480490,34296445,Posted: 16 August,all,Maxwell,This game really made me think about Nature Vs Nuture. I just loved the story and gameplay here
76561198084611801,Recommended,480490,33660883,Posted: 19 July,all,Kobas,This game ran great on my gtx 1060 6gb overclocked and i5 6500 locked at 60 fps almost all the time.The only gameplay problem was that you could just run through enemies.My only story problem was that the ending didnt have a intense battle or just well... anything.other than that it was great and I played through every ending.P.s sorry this seemed rushed my first three paragraph review was deleted. Thanks
76561198004628500,Recommended,480490,34361818,Posted: 19 August,all,Zebedee,"It's on sale and you're browsing reviews wondering whether it's worth downloading and trying?I've not regretted doing that. And I'll be keeping it. Atmospheric and a beautifully crafted game world and story. Not a FPS, no, not a pure stealth game, no. But you do get a wrench and a lot of options on how to play from there. Lot more for me to uncover but already I can see at least one or two more play throughs ahead."
76561198150752471,Recommended,480490,34386106,Posted: 20 August,all,JAZ_42,Scratches Bioshock itchwell worth $30
76561197977007604,Recommended,480490,34403781,Posted: 21 August,all,rOnChOn DeS iLeS,"Great game !!Story and immersion are really good, skill system is very well done, there are a lots of good ideas, it reminds of Bio Shock but ten times better"
,Recommended,480490,34399500,Posted: 21 August,all,B Mitch,"Things i like about prey:The Different enemy types and variants of those typesHow the entire station feels open from the very startThe different Typhon powers you can useIt feels alot like Half Life, Bioshock, and System ShockThings i hope they add in the future:New Game +A higher weapon FOV ( Gun models feel way too big )Static Crosshair ( or even better, Full crosshair customization )"
76561198048445919,Recommended,480490,33270827,Posted: 5 July,all,Svinto,"Bought this game when it first was released, and I'll be honest, it was pretty pricey. However after having played through the game I can tell you that it was worth every single penny. I thoroughly enjoyed Prey, it kept me hooked and I didn't lose interest in the game once during the playthrough.8.5/10, purely because the combat can be a bit clunky at times."
,Recommended,480490,34447342,Posted: 23 August,all,Thomolithic,"What.A.Game!Initially, the game started playing out as Bioshock in space, but it turned into it's own absolute gem.The choices you make, the upgrade systems, the missions; all of them have an effect on the final outcome so choose wisely how you want to play the game.The game is very well optimised as well, running at >100 fps @1440p on my Ryzen R5/Fury X based system. Except for a slight bit of slowdown in the reactor room, which is a huge map, the game didn't skip a beat.Overall, i'd highly recommend this game and it may be the best game i've played since DOOM, many moons ago."
,Recommended,480490,34613356,Posted: 30 August,all,superalarming,"I was able to purchase prey for ~ $30 when it was on sale. This price reduction is admittably what got me to purchase it in the first place, a triple A game for half off was a great deal. Normally in other triple A games, I feel swamped with all the side quests and other objectives, so most of the time I stick to the main story; this is why I really enjoyed Prey, it didn't overwhelm me with content, which is what I like. Following mostly the story, with a few sidequests here and there, I was able to complete the game with an in-game time of about 13 hours (if you were interested, for the price I bought it, the $/hour is about $2.3 per hour of gameplay). To me, this is worth it, at full retail though, I'm not sure. I did really enjoy the game, I love si-fi; and Prey does an extremely good job of creating that atmosphere. My one critique is the ending, I wish there was something more, possibly some DLC or even another game in the future expanding on the plot. Although I was very surpirsed with the twist at the end (I wont spoil). The last couple of hours of gameplay were very tense and I feel as though the built up to a point where I would have liked to see something (like I said) a bit more. What that is? I'm not sure. I really hope this isnt the end of the story, I would really like to see it continued in the future. But if you were thinking of buying this game, know that it is not stuffed with content like other games you could get for the same price; however if you're like me, this isn't a problem. As well, I would wait for it to go on sale to purchase it. Still, I would give this game a solid 8.5/10edit: note that I am aware of the multiple endings, and what they are"
,Recommended,480490,31601008,Posted: 7 May,all,djpelisek,"Spooky but not unbearably so. Level design is great so far. Sometimes the audio can be a bit oppressive, so I find myself taking off my headphones occasionally. Looking forward to finishing it and learning more about the station."
,Recommended,480490,34654236,Posted: 1 September,all,Neck West,Those who love atmosphere will love this. The last experience I had that was anything like this was System Shock 2.
,Recommended,480490,34715248,Posted: 3 September,all,Treetalk,"Prey is a unique game, (and also pretty good for bethesda standards)Every choice you make affects the ending slightly, not a lot, but it is mentioned, every human you help, and kill.You can choose to avoid Neuromods, and you can also use a lot of Neuromods.The constant threat of the Typhon and limited resources really forces you to move forward and invest your Neuromods and resources wisely.I would give this game an 8/10, It is not a bad game, but it could use improvements in some areas."
,Recommended,480490,34434273,Posted: 23 August,all,craizedwayz,"Awesome game though confusing at times. Once I got it down, it reminded me of the first Bioshock. Kudos!"
,Recommended,480490,34656502,Posted: 1 September,all,CMDR ali07saad,"I didn't play the original Prey and had absolutely zero expectations for this one. based on a review (ACG's if someone wonders) I bought this one and ♥♥♥♥ me I didn't expect this game to be that good. It has deep story to it, great gameplay, good level design, plenty of skills to play with that have a direct effect on how you play, exploration is rewarding and of course twisted, kinda mind-♥♥♥♥ endings - which I absolutely love. This is the best Sci-Fi game I've played in a while."
,Recommended,480490,31965778,Posted: 25 May,all,Blaxer,"This is the only game I have ever written anything about.. It is as if the developers watched a dream I had and made a game out of it, I absolutely love this game... What else can I say?"
,Recommended,480490,31565383,Posted: 5 May,all,InsanelyOrange,"Prey is an immersive and overall highly enjoyable FPS.As others have previously mentioned, Prey can be related to games such as Bioshock and System Shock. This comparison is well earned. During the first few hours of my playtime, the game has held my attention. I have only so far encountered a few types of enemies but they are kept challenging due to the low resource nature of the game and high mobility of the enemies. Others have argued that the combat portion of the game tends to be clunky and slow. I do agree the combat is hindered due to your default movement speed but this is meant to be upgraded through the skill tree if desired so take that as you will.I have found the most rewarding part of the game, aside from the combat, is the exploration. Areas are large and detail heavy, with some places encouraging usage of your goo weapon to navigate the environment in a satisfying manner. Throughout these vast areas, just as in Bioshock and System Shock; there are plenty of emails to read to absorb peices of the story and other goings on in the station. Graphically, the game can be quite empressive at times. However, for the most part aren't anything to phone home about.As for gripes, I've encountered a few slighlty annoying issues with the UI when navigating menues. Also, your PSI ability is bound to the same key as exiting the view of an object (Keypad, computer terminal, etc) and can lead to wasting the PSI ability if pressed twice. Binding items to your hotbar is rather unintuitive. Wish the drag and drop system from Deus Ex was implemented. Furthermore, electric damaging areas are the only enviromental damage I've encountered that isn't permanately neutralized by the goo gun. This leads to common frusteration when I forget I have to keep re applying goo to travers an area.To echo others, the port is esquisite and should be since the game for the most part isn't very graphically impressive.With a i5 7600k and a slightly OC'd GTX 1060 6GB, I haven't seen the game drop blow 60 fps with everything maxed (I have vsync on).tl;dr Prey is a survival FPS that rewards players for exploring and experimenting on a large space station. The enviroments are large and enjoyable to traverse and so is the combat. The comparisions to Bioshock and System shock are well earned. If you fancy either of those titles, this may be to your liking."
76561198027363699,Recommended,480490,34405219,Posted: 21 August,all,italianbronco,"It's better to make up the narrative as you move along rather than follow the weak story. What choice you do make is significant though for the kind of ending you get, so it does have replayability. If you like System Shock and Half Life you will like this game."
76561198369875136,Recommended,480490,34759651,Posted: 5 September,all,ExmRop,10/10 amazing
,Recommended,480490,34447602,Posted: 23 August,all,Hornedash,System Shock meets Half-Life.Or Deus ex meets Bioshock... Something like that...An instant classic for the ages with loads of replayability.
,Recommended,480490,34450275,Posted: 23 August,all,Valendra,I heard that this game was basically System Shock 3.  Based on that expectation I was not disappointed.
76561198181100978,Recommended,480490,34767213,Posted: 5 September,all,silgldau,"I love this game so much. The setting and the comabt is just perfect. However my favorite part of this game is when you go out one of the airlocks for the first time. This is one of the few space games that truely feel like you are in zero gravity. The game just does an excellent job in imersing you into the world. I've already played through the game three times, I just pray that they make dlc for this or some sort of sequel. So I would absoluetely recomend this game."
,Recommended,480490,34592701,Posted: 29 August,all,Zombiedrd,"Plenty of others have given the pros and cons, so my positive review is I can be a cup"
76561198151619940,Recommended,480490,34750681,Posted: 4 September,all,Deadlivin,"system shock's illegitimate child, but he's old enough to kick@$$...............Prey.Weird it is kinda linear but it truly has many different ways to play. You can Mimic a Mimic. Everyone who has played the game knows what i'm talking about..................so what are you waiting for?"
76561198053420320,Recommended,480490,34533853,Posted: 27 August,all,Heliamora,Only 2.5 hours in the game and it's already one of most interesting/intriguing game i've played since the first Bioshock.I recommend it to every players that are quickly bored with today's games.
76561198111181274,Recommended,480490,31553581,Posted: 4 May,all,ScrubLord McGoo,Came into this game blind just like you go blind into a room and find a nerf dart gun you can annoy mimics with10/10 would pre order again
,Recommended,480490,34824467,Posted: 8 September,all,Philippe,"If you've liked System Shock 2 you'll love this game. If you didn't it is still pretty amazing, atmospheric and deep."
,Recommended,480490,34803099,Posted: 7 September,all,Ahnteis,This is a really good game! :)
,Recommended,480490,34808021,Posted: 7 September,all,Expert Button Presser,"This owns, just get it."
,Recommended,480490,34715157,Posted: 3 September,all,Aedaric,Be confused.Watch people die.Get some sleep.Wake up.More dead people.Stick needles in your eyes.Turn into toilet paper.Clean up everyones sh**.
,Recommended,480490,34879435,Posted: 11 September,all,Mom's Spaghetti,it has its falt but a GREAT GAME
76561198043552341,Recommended,480490,34761460,Posted: 5 September,all,melansonjesse45,"RECOMMEND ON DEEP SALE,Pros: Beautifully realized settingSurprising level of detailImmersive level designPlay as male or femaleInteresting NPCsNon-linear storytelling a la Dishonored/Deus ExRecyling system is strangely satisfyingCons: Typhons are interesting/scary at first, but becomes just frustrating and bland by the end.Loading sceens can be a drag, especially since you will be exploring Talos Station a lot.Gameplay a step down from Dishonored.  Character more restricted in movement, powers a bit superfluous.Less options to circumvent obstacles due to the confined nature of the space station.Constantly respawning enemies feel grindy and very dated.Verdict: 7.5/10It is a gorgeous game, and I can tell Arcane put the same attention to detail that they usually do, but it feels like a step down from Dishonored, which is unfortunate.  I am interested in the story, but the gameplay feels limiting and grindy, which made it more of a chore to finish rather than a joy.  Unlike Dishonored, I will not be replaying this one as well... it feels like it has less replay value overall.  Was really hooked by the game for the first 15 hours, but by the last act the excitement plateaued and it was hard to feel a reason to keep going.  I would still recommend this on a deep sale because it is a beautiful game, well optimized, and a treat to appreciate from a design perspective.EDIT: I bumped it up a point because the ending blew my mind, and reignited my interest in the story!"
,Recommended,480490,31617394,Posted: 7 May,all,Neeco,"Good Game, a little Deus Ex vibe.  If you can watch nothing about the game.  It will be more enjoyable."
76561198134332524,Recommended,480490,31567657,Posted: 5 May,all,loanburger,Random crashing issues.  Graphics are poor by todays standards but a nice horror feel to it and constantly being afraid of everythinng around you makes for an enjoyable gameplay experience.
,Recommended,480490,31617255,Posted: 7 May,all,Locke Cole,"A very well made game similar to the System Shock and Bioshock games.Alot of areas to explore and usually many different ways to solve objectives with the added benefit that your choices impact what happens in the storyline.Everyone has a subjective opinion about graphics and sound but I thought the game looked great and I loved the somewhat-retro look of alot of the areas of the station itself.The sound effects, especially the creepy sounds the aliens and the corrupted robots made, were all pretty top notch.All in all, I would say if your a fan of either of the two fore mentioned games or just want to enjoy a good open ended scifi thriller/horror with a surprisingly deep storyline then check it out."
76561198044025372,Recommended,480490,31617586,Posted: 7 May,all,The Poon Punisher,"It's really a great game, it reminds me of Half-Life, Bioshock, and other bethesda published RPGs. And I mean with those qualities alone the game is worth purchasing. It also has good pacing, a good combat system that makes you think, very punishing gameplay early on, and a very interesting degree of customization for how you want to progress through the game. However, I would wait for 1 or maybe 2 stabiliy patches for this one, because it has a lot of small glitches in the game like objective markers not showing up, poor performance in ceratin areas, an unlimited resource bug(that probably has something to do with the 2D array in the code), and other glitches that are a mild nuisance. So if you want the perfect experience for this game( which I would reccomend because this game is worth it at its' best) just wait like a month."
76561197991803834,Recommended,480490,32026175,Posted: 28 May,all,Vhagar,"Amazing game, nailing down the atmosphere, great characters, very good music and it feels so immersive.My only complaint would be the lack of  enemy variationGOTY potential 9/10"
76561198126166192,Recommended,480490,31617429,Posted: 7 May,all,강간,"This game is amazing. Combine Half Life, Dishonored and Alien Isolation and this is the game you get. Although the game is not a horror title, it definetley has tense moments, so be prepared for jumpscares and spooky music/atmosphere. I played on hard mode and the game is very challenging, so definetley not for casual gamers looking for a relaxed experience. The replay value is amazing. Different perk trees encourage different play styles, and exploration will add hours to the game. I currently have around 7 hrs, and 4 of them were spent exploring. Overall, if you are looking for a challenging experience with a mix of horror and survival, or want a game similair to half life, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,480490,34844154,Posted: 9 September,all,Dooch,Sci-fi Bioshock in space.
76561198047425383,Recommended,480490,34868014,Posted: 10 September,all,Glorious Toast,"Buy it. Enjoy it. Play it again.Classic horror shooter meets a hell of a story and space-station, reminds me of F.E.A.R. in some situations. There are some nasty Typhon's out there.Nice switch between giving the player the feeling he's in control and the next moment you need to run and hide cause you didn't care about your ammo. give it a try."
76561198005554469,Recommended,480490,34871609,Posted: 10 September,all,Raven ♥ [UK],"Pros:-Engageing and addictiveGreat Story driven playSet up for a sequelChallenge level about right for the average useless gamer like meMost fun had with a video game in over a decade hope for bigger and better in Prey 2 if there is a Prey 2 god i hope so.Cons:-Black shapeless colourless monsters not how i remmember the first old version.Needs a solid high power processor youtube vids of others playing on playstation look awfully wowfully slow on level transitions, thankfull for a AMD 8 core 9590FX @ 5ghz with a Nvidia 1070GTX and 16GB DDR3 :XD"
,Recommended,480490,34832674,Posted: 9 September,all,Joolzy,"I was not impressed at first, but kept on playing nonetheless.After about five-six hours I was completely hooked.Awesome narrative, great gameplay, great graphics, great voice acting.Not so much a horror game, but if you like bioshock-esque FPS' this is a must.+A lot of extras to explore"
,Recommended,480490,34789850,Posted: 7 September,all,Rydia,"This is, by far, my favorite game of 2017.  Prey takes the core building blocks that Bioshock implemented so many years ago and builds a masterpiece on top of it, completely outshining all of its spiritual predecessors.Pros:> Excellent blending of ""survival horror"" tropes (ammo conservation, crafting system, combat anxiety) with RPG elements (skill tree, weapon upgradability, chipsets)> High replayability (two different valid skill tree arcs as well as an achievement for using no skills whatsoever, four levels of difficulty, the ""how does the game change if I do this on this run"" factor)> The narrative is one of the best of any game I have ever played.  Honestly, the fact that every single character, alive or dead, is named shows a focus on the narrative.  However, it really glows where a large number of NPCs, *including a significant number of dead NPCs,* have unique personalities built into the game that you can discover through workplace emails, audio logs, and talking to alive NPCs.  Everything from romance to intracorporate drama is explored in a game that, for the most part, is about shooting alien creatures dead.  Arkane did not have to add this in, but the fact that they valued the narrative so high gives them a ++++++ in my eyes.> Very little respawns of enemies, if any.  This not only means the skill floor is higher since your crafting materials are limited, but it also means that there is no mindless fighting through tons of enemies you've already killed when backtracking.  Plus, the corpses of any enemies you've killed will remain for you to recover materials or junk from if your inventory is too full when you kill them.  Many rooms have *zero* respawn availability.  For example, in the main lobby, you will have X1 numbers of Y1 breed of alien that will spawn at Z1 time and X2 numbers of Y2 breed of alien that will spawn at Z2 time, etc.  But if you kill them all, you will not get any more aliens in the main lobby until a certain next checkpoint of the game.  There are two major exceptions to the ""no-respawn"" rule (and two minors one that I've found), but I don't wish to spoil the game in any way and it is mostly a hard-and-fast rule.> Collectibles.  As said before, every human is named, but you can also track them using security computers if you want to find every single human on board the ship.  Plus, the computer provides a check mark next to their name every time you find a previously-undiscovered human, allowing you to track your progress.  In addition, the audio logs and emails serve as additional collectibles while also advancing the narrative.> Incredible graphics.  I played on a custom setting that was maxed out for my computer, but I can only imagine what Ultra High looks like with how gorgeous my playthroughs have been.Cons:I know I've been a high praiser of this game, but there are two specific disappointments I had, and I want to mention those too:> Weapons are few in number, with no customization (only stat-based upgrades) available and little-to-no benefit to finding multiples, as weapon degradation is not a mechanic in the game.  Honestly, it gets tiring finding your fifth handgun of the game and trying to decide whether the two inventory slots are reasonable to use just to break it down into spare parts or (more likely) materials.  Maybe DLC can improve this at some point, but for now it got a little boring using the same weapons all the time.  In addition, you find several (somewhere between three to five at least) fabrication plans for a specific weapon all with different version #s and specifications, but they all produce the same weapon with no differences whatsoever.  This may have been a last-minute cut for budget or time restraints, but it was disappointing nonetheless.> No basic aiming mode.  Now I'm not a game programmer, but I feel basic aiming features (e.g. ""looking down sights"") wouldn't be too hard to implement in a game.  Maybe I'm wrong, but as an extensive FPS-player, it felt ""wrong"" not being able to improve my accuracy through aiming (or even having a reticle).  Now yes, you *do* have a scope mode that I believe increases accuracy, but this is by-and-large used for other purposes and really interacts with chipsets far more than it can be used as a basic weapon-aimer.  This is something I really, really hope gets patched in.Either way, both of my cons are overshadowed completely by how amazing of an experience this game is.  Honestly, if you like FPSs, survival horrors, Bioshock-style games, or even just like good narrative in games, please play Prey.  My first playthrough was over 20-hours long, and though I got mine for $30, the game is well-worth the $60 price tag.  This game IS the bar for the next generation of FPS RPGs."
,Recommended,480490,34881989,Posted: 11 September,all,Mr. amckern,"5 out 5, reminds me of system shock 2 in the way the wrench works"
76561198053830059,Recommended,480490,32812845,Posted: 26 June,all,Be jelly h8rz n0h8 rawr k baii,"This is a must play game; free roaming, open ended FPS RPG with an enormous amount of player agency with some exceptional writing and storytelling. If you're at all interested you owe it to yourself to play this game."
76561198114477065,Recommended,480490,32260465,Posted: 7 June,all,Roly Poly,好游戏 值得全价入
76561198284992817,Recommended,480490,35090638,Posted: 20 September,all,TeamBlackHawk,Awesome game¨¨¨!
76561197988490066,Recommended,480490,33249862,Posted: 4 July,all,Keeptrucking,"I love this game.This is the next step in a line of PC masterpieces and design philosophies, drawing most heavily from Looking Glass studios' System Shock series, but taking from games like Deus Ex, Thief, Half-Life and Bioshock. In short, its the coming together of a lot of talent at Arkane Studios, which is progressing the state of PC gaming.Pros:Excellent emergent gameplay. (The opposite of scripted sequences ala Call of Duty)Game world is consistent and is a friggin wholy realized spaceship you can spacewalk around.Lots of intricate choice driven gameplay.A story that stays with you.Cons:While the story stays with you, it's time for great video game talent to partner writers that want to do more down to earth games for an adult audience, and break the dependence on kids sales.Conclusion:For gods sake support developers who pour their heart into the games they make. Who innovate, while reaching from the shoulders of giants. Arkane Studios is such a developer."
76561198139227432,Recommended,480490,31868846,Posted: 20 May,all,iDankenstein,"I feel as i just scratched the surface of this game. So much around you, Its simply amazing. 9/10"
76561197981926199,Recommended,480490,31650782,Posted: 9 May,all,Dabien,"One of the best games I've played in recent years. Excellent environment design, scary enemies that are never quite a pushover, and I love the story as it unfolds through finding clues and snippets while exploring the station."
,Recommended,480490,32957207,Posted: 28 June,all,Cyril,exactly what you would expect from and game from Arkane Studios not as good as Dishonored but still worth playing
76561198100991976,Recommended,480490,34543618,Posted: 27 August,all,Moment of Truth,"This game is a true masterpeice! I put this on my top 15 best games ive ever played. You would love this game if youre into System Shock 2, Dishonored, Deus Ex, and Bioshock. The story is fantastic and the game has very little cutscenes and tells its story through the enviornment. It also has great optimization I have an R9380X 4GB Gigabyte variant and an FX 8320 overclocked to 4.4 ghz and i was running 60-80 fps 95% of the time on ultra settings. I will do another playthrough on hard again and complete all of the side quests before i move on to nightmare mode. Although it does feel like a bunch of other games I feel that the developers at Arkane were heavily influenced by System Shock 2. I give this game a 9.8/10 it was truley a masterpiece and i will give it another playthrough soon. {P.S. I clocked in around 25-29 hours on hard mode with a few side quests completed for my first playthrough. I also never review games but i had to for this one.}"
76561198304322382,Recommended,480490,34598353,Posted: 29 August,all,TripsOvR,"Holy Shiiiii I just finished this game. I enjoyed pretty much every second of it.Pros-----* Weapon Upgrades Feel Worth Upgrading*Crafting system is perfect. never seen anything like crafting be used so creativly*Stealth elements are on point. If you love dishonored then this will be a lot of fun*Great replayability. There are multiple endings to the game*You feel rewarded at the begining-middle of the game when recieved Nuromods*Great spooks here and there (in my opinion) I did jump once or twice pretty good*Game runs smooth (I use everything on low graphics so I can get a perfect 60 or higher)IIII    MY PC SPECS            Intel i7gtx 107016 gigs of ram  ------(and the game runs amazing even on max graphics)Cons-----*When going through vent doors you get stuck and can't get through.                                                                             (annoyed the hell out of me especially if a hostile was right behind me)*Electricity was very very dangerous in this game for me. I slightly walk past a sparking outlet and I'm a good 10 feet away then I'll instantly die from the electricity (If the developers ever read this comment please nerf the electric phantoms)*Metal Fragments or Scraps were like trying to find a needle in a haystack. The purple♥♥♥♥♥♥is easier to find and it's considered more rare but anyway I would legit search everywhere just to make bullets. (I also played on normal mode)Over all if you enjoy space games, stealth games, or first person games then you should at least rent prey or get it on sale sometime like I did.Also I didn't even find the game interesting through the ads and stuff but I decided why not for 30 bucks. If I didn't like it than I'd get a refund but oh no my mind changed the second I started playing.If you read through this long♥♥♥♥♥comment than props to you and check out the game. :)"
76561198028073203,Recommended,480490,35006199,Posted: 16 September,all,katalystik,Fun gameplay mechanics.  RPG elements.  Clever twist in the sci-fi writing.  Def recommend.
76561198150793506,Recommended,480490,35010122,Posted: 16 September,all,Tom Clancy,"Amazing game, totally recommended"
,Recommended,480490,35020941,Posted: 17 September,all,richtex,"Solid game. 7/10I recommend to play the demo first, or watch let's play videos.+Athomsphere+Free exploration-Average story-Loading screens"
76561198016687725,Recommended,480490,31614573,Posted: 7 May,all,TheSchaeff,"About 22 hours in, haven't beaten yet, but will update review after completing it.The game is pretty much an easier to play System Shock 2, or a Bioshock with more mechanics. The game has tons of systems, an engaging story, and a detailed/culture heavy world that really feels alive. All play styles are supported and overall the game is just really fun. The graphics are also really nice and the game performs extremely well.If you liked Bioshock and/or System Shock 2, pick this up.If you want a fast-paced action game this isn't the game for you."
76561198167124786,Recommended,480490,31560061,Posted: 5 May,all,Howdidhedothat,"Doesnt have any comparison to the original prey but we all knew that from the start.5.3 hours in which is not alot but I have to say I didnt really run into any bugs except one enemy being stuck on an item.Gameplay is pretty unique for me since the glue gun can open up alot of paths early, its up to you wether to explore them or not, since stronger enemies appear, also enemies apear to respawn so have fun clearing again :P . The jumping mechanic in this game is actually awesome, if u time your jumps u can get up on the most crazy locations, where sometimes there is loot waiting for you !Shooting is challenging but goes fluently enough. Crafting system is quite simple but cool, you always have stuff to do, its a pretty big game overall !So far a solid 9/10 because perfection doesnt exist."
76561198094684731,Recommended,480490,35034982,Posted: 17 September,all,Matt,"*Spoiler-free*Put simply, Prey is a fantastic combination of Bioshock, Dead Space, Dishonoured and Half Life.I found the story interesting, the characters diverse (if not wholly deep), the gameplay fun and varied, and the skills and powers interesting to use and combine. There's some good puzzles around to do, lore-building documents to collect, story to discover, etc etc.I have a couple of minor gripes, such as a little too many text and audio files, and too few actual conversations, and the velocity limiter placed on zero-G jetpacking. Travelling >700m is a lot more painful when youre limited to something like 3 m/s max speed.HOWEVERabove any of this the overriding thing about prey, above all other pros and cons, is the way it messed with my head. I went into it with no idea what it was about, except that I'd heard good things and seen a bioshock/dishonoured vibe from the reveal trailer.Let me tell you, this game screws with your head in the best possible ways if you let it. Allow the game to immerse you and you'll notice things around. You'll be in a room, looting and minding your own business, and somewhere behind you there will be a faint flash of light, a strange sound, and a shifting shadow will flit across the wall in front of you, and when you turn around nothing will appear to have changed, but you should now be acutely aware that you are being hunted.Experiences like this, and many more that I shant give away, made Prey such a unique game for me, and I absolutely loved it. No other game besides *MAYBE* (a couple of moments in) Portal 2 has ever made me feel like I was not in control, like the game was one step ahead of me.Prey isnt like this all the way through, it really is a number of select moments, but they stand out so much that they are by far my overriding impression of this game, and that makes it beautiful as far as I'm concerned.9/10, well worth the full price I paid for it."
76561198032798407,Recommended,480490,35030033,Posted: 17 September,all,Panjawat,"it like mix of bioshock,deus ex gameplay is so creative with recycle item and crafting system gunplay is fun too enemy so strong with early game (nightmare) when you upgrade your weapon you can fight them or evade gloo gun so useful story i think is short but overall is so perfect.-beat it in nightmare difficult!"
76561197976247269,Recommended,480490,34985644,Posted: 15 September,all,Shriek,"Did you like the Half-Life, Deus-Ex and System Shock series? Then buy this as soon as you can. Game of the year for me.ProsFantastic open game world that’s well fleshed outGood atmosphereExcellent skill tree, spec your character as you pleaseEasy crafting system with tactical choices to be madeEnemies don’t get overly easy even once you’ve levelled upDifferent endings depending on your in-game choicesAnimations are smooth and graphics are well doneMusic and sound effects are excellentLots of side quests, 39 hours of gameplay if you explore everythingYou can do a replay by speccing up for differently play stylesThe multiple endings are awesomeConsSometimes you may need to refer to external help even when the objective you are after is staring you in the face 8PSome other gaming company isn’t going to get your hard-earned clamsThe sequel isn't out ;-)Stop looking for negatives and buy it already 8P"
,Recommended,480490,35060185,Posted: 19 September,all,Tapsa,"I played on nightmare, the hardest difficulty option, which was ideal challenge to me. Not so I would get frustrated or that I could just run through places all the time. I like the non-linear level design. Crafting and material handling was done well. No item is fully useless because everything can be recycled into materials if you want to free some inventory space. No need to stop and wonder is this new item better than the one I already have. The powers player can aquire throughout the game are nice. There are some moral dilemmas, but I think fewer than in Dishonoreds. I like the enemy designs. They look pretty cool and are very different from each other. There are many places to explore. The music fits the game well. Overall very nice futuristic scifi space alien game. If you want to run through a pipe guns blazing this game is not for you, but if you like to explore and think then prepare your wallet."
,Recommended,480490,31589094,Posted: 6 May,all,McHuntFace,"This game is a mix of everything you would want in a Sci-Fi action/thriller.  The mechanics are great and the game just works.  This may be a short review, but there really isn't anything to say about a game that is worth the $59.99.  Pay no mind to the negative reviewers, they have no idea what fun is."
76561198331615064,Recommended,480490,34953959,Posted: 14 September,all,ChronosKamikaze,"Alright, here's the short of it: this is a good game.The long of it is this:Arkane studios and Bethesda softworks have always churned out good/great games (in my opinion). Prey has the feel and mechanics of their dishonored series. It's a beautiful game, very detailed and the characters have a rugged realistic look about them that is distinctive with Arkane's style.Starting with the iconic Bioshock trope of having only a wrench, you have to work to gain skills/powers. With an expansive skill tree and array of tools and weapons, you won't get bored or feel too overpowered. The main story is good and riveting (even after a few camapaigns). There are a lot of side quests and areas to explore. The crafting element of the game was limiting, but in a good way, it had me trying to be economical with my inventory space and picking up as much used wire as I could.Prey doesn't have a lot of replayability (story wise) it's very linear with only two major endings.  I only encountered one bug throughtout my three campaigns (for some reason a quest marker was stuck on a teapot  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ )Overall: I definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,480490,32794813,Posted: 25 June,all,LifeWeaver,"Fun game, It only crashed twice, and I only noticed 2 temporary bugs.This game is well worth the money, most AAA games run 8 hours if you're lucky, this one ran 22 for me.One funny note,at the beginning in the elevator after the helicopter I was a little disappointed that jumping while the elevator was moving didn't have an effect, but I thought bummer they didn't take the time. Whats funny is that it wasn't a mistake, it was a clue!"
,Recommended,480490,32752430,Posted: 24 June,all,Imaginarypie,"I really want to like this game, its really fun and the story pulls you in, its just the game on anything but easy mode deprives you of ammo and materials to craft it, mid way through my run currently i have to start all over cause im at a point where i just constantly run out of ammo. this shouldnt happen on normal mode. and i feel like i never have enoiugh mineral material to craft ammo. its really fustratng to like a game this much but have it be unplayable cause i just cant progress anymore. and itl take a while before i want to start a new file.  sucks that the game ruins itself with being just plain annoying to play.EDIT: oh and !@#$ those stupid cyst things. pointless truley uncreative enemy. the old ""runs at you and explodes"" guy."
76561197993807421,Recommended,480490,31930759,Posted: 24 May,all,TV_Junkie,"Great game!I feel like back in the good old System Shock days!! This game is like System Shock II, Bioshock with a mysterious, breathtaking story mixed with high end graphics!The revival of the good old story shooters with dozens of  hours of game play! Thanks to Arkane Studios and Bethesda!!!Send more... :-)"
76561197994291914,Recommended,480490,31938256,Posted: 24 May,all,huntbot,This is an awesome immersive and atmospheric sci-fi action/adventure/horror game.  It's really sucked me in and has been an awesome fun experience so far.  Haven't beaten it yet - taking my time and really enjoying every step of the way.  A couple times I've thought I was close to the endgame but instead it opened up a whole new area - awesome!  I like that there are story missions and optional side missions and the play-your-way aspect of the game.
76561197997778582,Recommended,480490,31833900,Posted: 18 May,all,FMD,"This game is incredible. Seriously I havent had such a great experience with a story driven FPS in a long time, years at a minimum. And the ending... ugh. Just so great. If you like suspense, and twists in your plots, play this. Its right up your alley, and as somebody whos always predicting the endings of movies/games etc, believe me you wont be ready for this one. Best $60 ive spent in a long time."
76561198031278560,Recommended,480490,35088588,Posted: 20 September,all,Othobrithol,"Nothing short of spectacular. This is a true spiritual successor to System Shock II.Combat is varied enough with a decent selection of weapons and powers to use against a diverse enough cast of opponents. In particular the immunity/weakness system is well implemented; you are advantaged by adapting tactics but not so heavy handed and obtuse such that you can't progress if you don't have the exact tool for the job.Character customization is handled well, although a lot of the abilities are rather generic. Once all the skill trees are opened (early in the plot) there is enough variety there to enjoy experimentation, although unlocking half of the abilities require so field ""research"".Inventory management is a little easier that System Shock, but more complex than the Bioshock series. Early on you'll be pressed for space and resources but by midgame it will have taken a back seat to exploration and the story. Pretty much everything you'll use: weapons, ammo, even neuromods (level ups) can be manufactured if you collect the designs and the materials, although the best items' plans are well hidden.Exploration is very well done. Talos 1 is rather large, and although initially most paths are sealed off, there is usually more than one way to get between any two locations. The environments are diverse for elegant wood paneled offices, glitzy halls decorated to impress, to industrialized engineering sections or padded service conduits. In particular, the ability to space walk about the interior (complete with its own secrets and enemies) adds an immense amount of immersion.The story isn't fantastic as a piece of literature but it is strong enough to push the game. The potential for multiple endings is solid and early choices do have consequences. There are also ample side quests. Voice acting was very good for the most part. Between the voice recordings and the ample emails found on terminals you do get to know key parts of the crew well and perhaps spark a bit of feeling here or there for some individuals.If it has one major flaw, it is that it's a tad too easy. There are many choices of disabling effects available and it is uncommon to encounter multiple enemies early. As a result players adopting the ""proper"" (for this genre) play style of ambush attacks will have little trouble. However, players attempting a more gun-ho pure FPS style of play will find the lack of long range attacks irksome and ultimately fail from ammunition shortages.Sneak. Kill. Loot. Recycle. Replicate. Repeat."
,Recommended,480490,35019952,Posted: 17 September,all,Anh Alexander,"9/10 - As a fan of Bioshock and System Shock, this was a dream come true"
,Recommended,480490,31587668,Posted: 6 May,all,CapnTomTom,"great game, those mimics who hide as rolls of toilet paper, they will really scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you"
76561198011933217,Recommended,480490,31752018,Posted: 14 May,all,Tommytola,"Just finished the game. 33 hours of game time, did most but not all sidequests. And I must say, bethesda outdid themselfs this time. I really got no words for how good this game was in almost every way. I do really hope they make a second one or another one in the same universe/world so to say. Incredible, amazing, thrilling and outstanding!10/10"
76561198170876878,Recommended,480490,31772580,Posted: 15 May,all,g.altepeter,"It's System Shock 3, and it's everything you'd hope it to be."
76561197970497486,Recommended,480490,31774398,Posted: 15 May,all,jnevers539,Very well done and great experience.
76561197972266504,Recommended,480490,31587684,Posted: 6 May,all,watchdog_2003,"Outrageously good. It blends System Shock, Bio-Shock (some art deco windows), and Dishonored in fantastic ways. This is a  classic."
76561198015664654,Recommended,480490,31606095,Posted: 7 May,all,Meiji,"Excellent game ! many options, lot of freedom of actions.Have fun !"
,Recommended,480490,31773121,Posted: 15 May,all,JukSuu✯,"I will absolutely recommend this game! Exciting and fun, not boring at all."
76561198068087568,Recommended,480490,35246066,Posted: 27 September,all,SweetJeebs,Yeah its alright I guess.
76561198030455197,Recommended,480490,31648207,Posted: 9 May,all,KingPiet,"I sat down for a few days and play, no other games just this. Its a satifying play. Good game. :)Was doubting if I should buy it, but hours well spent. MIght even give it another playthrough."
76561198193803269,Recommended,480490,34717323,Posted: 3 September,all,FDSMDP,"If you'll forgive me, ""Bioshock in space.""Arkane has always been amazing at giving you awesome, absolutely god-like powers and then making you feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥for ever using them.There is literally an achievement for killing all the humans on Talos I, and despite the fact that this is a video game, my conscience wouldn't be able to handle that."
,Recommended,480490,31690871,Posted: 11 May,all,TMHong,One word - Can't stop playing.
,Recommended,480490,34871169,Posted: 10 September,all,Trapstar guwop,"Nothing is what it seems question everything.So much to do, almost better than sex. Buy now!"
76561198108365688,Recommended,480490,31761597,Posted: 14 May,all,N7_silverse,"(Minor spoiler ahead)What I like about Prey:The enemy is diverse and looks stunning. Each possesses a special ability and weakness, which needless to say, adds more fun.The storyline is very engaging. Though prey is not considered an RPG, it still did a very good job in character interactions, especially considering the end was depend on several decisions you've made in the playthrough. I can even see myself back when I was playing Mass Effect 3 when I reached the end.Skill tree is well developed and skills in game is quite fun and useful.The fact that there is not only one playstyle. Several ways can lead you to your goal.Though the graphics doesn't look as stunning as other titles running on Cryengine 3, adequate design of Talos I station layout and art style make the game looks pretty enough.What need to be improved:Several bugs and glitches in earlier versions hurt a lot. Though they should have been fixed by now.The combat seems a bit too dull and difficult at the beginning, because of limited weapons, resources and skills. It is challenging and fun in the middle, but again becomes boring in the later when you are strong enough to crush anyone in your way.My first playthrough only lasts for about 12 hours, which seems a bit short by nowaday standards. I would prefer more meaningful side quests instead of locating missing crew members.Stuttering occurs on NVIDIA based graphics card. Even with the up to date 382.19 beta driver.Don't expect a masterpiece, but it's a game definately worth playing."
76561198342353187,Recommended,480490,31955100,Posted: 25 May,all,-$]<iRRRRT-,"Loving every minute of this game. I've been waiting for a RAGE reboot, and PREY is keeping me satisfied.RAGE next please!!"
,Recommended,480490,31996862,Posted: 27 May,all,ビス🅱🆁🆄🆂🅺,"Fantastic game, for me this had vibes of system shock and it unexpectedly revealed itself to me as a horror game.You are aboard a space station overrun with terrifying aliens.> The game is free roam once you reach the Lobby after the tutorial.> The main story is very engaging and you can progress at your own pace.> Everywhere in the game is accessible through various ways such as climbing through vents, shooting override switches, hacking etc.> Very strong crafting system, everything in the game, even junk like bannana peels can be converted into materials, which you use to supply yourself with health, ammo etc.> Skill tree character progression system through the installation of neuromods which are littered around the game world.> Plenty of side quests to undertake and a lot of them are very engaging and reveal some background story about what happened on Talos 1.Overall I feel this is a great game which lets you play at your own pace and gives you the freedom to go wherever you want, whenever you want. Definetly recommended."
,Recommended,480490,34268713,Posted: 15 August,all,Superhans,"From the beginning to the very end, one of the best Looking Glass Studio games ever made. This is probably the coolest, most engaging video game since the original Deus Ex. A million cheers for Arkane. It's been way too long since we last had any of that great FPS immersive sim genius. If you loved Deus Ex... If you loved BioShock... if you were blown away with System Shock 2... this is your game. Get it. Arkane wears their love for Looking Glass on their sleeves and Prey is all the better for it.1000 stars. Brilliant!"
76561198029265157,Recommended,480490,32156909,Posted: 3 June,all,StefBrown93,"Writing a review because the game left a lasting impression on me for a couple of days after I completed it. It reminds me very much of the original Bioshock, but with Typhon 'powers' instead of plasmids. Bioshock is one of my favourite games of all time and so I can recommend this if you are in the same boat."
,Recommended,480490,31688188,Posted: 11 May,all,Blooming Onion,"Great game. Lots of nods and throwbacks to system shock 2 which is always a huge plus. Def reccomend if anyone is a fan of dishonored, bioshock, system shock or any sort of play your own way games."
76561197999880591,Recommended,480490,31661624,Posted: 10 May,all,Sparragus,"Pros.Fun, scary at the start, not very forgiving even on normal, which gives it a challenge. Cool story line leading into another game.   Quite a few side missions to pump the hours up for dollar value.ConsHad one error in the game were i couldnt progress past a bugged mission and had to reload a previous saved game losing 45mins of game time.For me i still had alot of information missing about the story, maybe i missed them in emails scatterd in game but i still find i am in the dark about exacly what is going on.Near end game after doing side missions as well i find that i was just running past everything with all my speed abilites and didnt feel the ""fear"" any moreConclusionI liked it , game to me is a mix between bioshock and a mild version of deadspace. Would recommend"
76561198008227942,Recommended,480490,31952172,Posted: 25 May,all,reload in 3,"This game surprised me.  I have been really enjoying it so far.  Plenty to do and get lost in.  I have to say the side missions and how they are laid out and how you find them are really well done.  You will just stumble onto things and it really draws you in(if you explore!).  Not only that but they are worth doing because completing some will give you impassive perks that help you in some way.  But at the same time they are not perks that you just have to have to beat the game.  They are more like ""quality of life"" type perks that I do not want to spoil here.I will give it to Arkane... they have game design down to a science and it shows in their world and gameplay mechanics in this game.  Good stuff.  I highly recommend if you like to take your time and explore.  NOT a shooter, but your weapons DO become powerful if you upgrade them.  Also if you attack with a plan it really pays off.  Just a well developed, thought out game."
76561198040326870,Recommended,480490,31564114,Posted: 5 May,all,HandOfMorality,"Runs great, I really love it so far. The game is mostly exploration and rescource managment. It really makes you think more when approaching enemies instead of being that bullet sponge generic main character. Not every fight you can win, so you have to improvise with your enviroment. The story is great. And the graphics are equally impressive. Really good so far besides framerate drops when fighting multiple enemies. But I turned down the quality so its not affecting me much anymore.10/10"
,Recommended,480490,32413319,Posted: 14 June,all,=HBW= Hidden,"This is by far one of the best single-player games to have released the last few years.This is one of very few games this decade which have amazing replayability. You have multiple options to get access to certain rooms, but you usually don't notice them before you start limiting yourself on Neuromods or start realizing the potential of certain weapons. The weapons are perfectly made for the game, they all have their uses and they feel equal to what they're designed to do. And the crafting system in the game is the perfect way to make it. The simplicity of it doesn't disrupt the flow of the game and it also works very well.But, the number 1 reason this game is amazing, is the environment and the atmosphere of having this supernatural threat. They've absolutely nailed the open-world space station and the mix of ""retro"" and futuristic technology. The story is also very interesting.Having played this at 1080p 144Hz with a GTX 1080 at max settings, this is a very pretty game.The only complaints are some odd lagspikes, but it hasn't disrupted the game enough to become an issue. And in certain places, multiple NPCs talk loudly simultaneously."
,Recommended,480490,34653726,Posted: 1 September,all,Gay Communist Dog,"This game shot straight up to my #1 in terms of favorites.+Countless hours of insanely immersive story, environment, graphics.+ExplorationSpaceexploration, and a whole lot of it. It's often overwhelming, in a good way.+Beautiful, but also terrifying soundtrack. Love it.What I expected to be another mediocre ""horror"" game turned out to challenge my morals, make me feel things, keep me up until 5 AM playing because each plot twist was too good. It also nailed being terrifying at times. Scavenging, crafting, upgrading, hacking, always on my toes-I hate mimics.Open space exploration & zero gravity is extremely fun, and the vastness of space in which they did an awesome job of capturing is gorgeous, but venture too far from Talos and it gets real scary real quick. It's also not usual with RPG's that I am so invested in the miscellaneous books and notes/lore laying all around. At least not after awhile. I read every single E-mail, note and transcribe over and over, following each little sidequest with bated breath and loving the humanity the devs painted into these characters. It's way too easy to get attatched or at least feel a bit sentimental about the whole thing.Over to the actual gameplay, the weapons are fun, they feel useful, the entire FPS mechanic is built well. The game feels fluid and purposeful, the quests plentiful & interesting. I hate how well they'd made it so hard to make certain decisions.Space/Sci-Fi being things I've been obsessed with my entire life, I've been waiting for something like this. Exactly like this."
76561198044116188,Recommended,480490,33913541,Posted: 30 July,all,Hapanese,"At this point in time, it's hard to say much aboutPreythat hasn't already been said before.  What you can gleam from the store page and any other review is that its a dense, highly detalied single-player FPS in the vein of theBioshockorDeus Exseries, where the game is upheld by both its mechanics and the personality of its setting. But it would be a drastic understatement of the game's tight craftsmanship to leave this review at that, for I believePreyis an experience that deserves much, much praise, and all of your attention.I've played my fair share of shooters, so I felt confident starting the game on Hard.  I have to say, this is the first time in a considerably long time where the Hard difficulty in a shooter was actually, justifiablyhard,and in a way I feel like this is the way the game was meant to be played. You'll learn quickly that even the weakest enemy types, the shapeshifting Mimics, can quickly overwhelm you thanks to their speed and numbers; you'll find yourself on your toes through each enviroment, which makes the moment you first encounter something bigger all the more frightening, but all the more challenging. See, comparisons have been made betweenPreyandDark Soulsregarding the looping nature of their level designs, but I believe that another comparison can be made in terms of pacing. The first few hours ofPreyare tense and, sometimes, unforgiving; there's a learning curve that will require you to focus on honing skill and methodology, rather than relying on rampant destruction. In the same way that it's hard to succeed inDark Soulsby slashing mindlessly, you won't get far here by trying to run and gun each encounter - you're going to have to stop and consider your options, prioritize targets, because the beautiful thing aboutPreyis that you're never fully aware of what you're about to run into, or what it is that you're fighting.This is where the game's atmosphere really shines. After you finishPrey'sopening sequence, you'll find yourself in the grand but uncomfortably vacant Talos I space station. Talos I is a wonderfully detailed environment that shines in how ""lived in"" its spaces feel; cabinets are filled with food, bedrooms with personal belongings, and communications sent between the staff are expertly interwoven and full of personality. It's the attention to all this detail that makes the enviroment of Talos I all the more frightening, because you'll recognize immediately that all this life, all these people, have vanished or died just hours before your arrival.  It's unsettling, and the evidence of their presence makes you hope for their safety, which is reinforced in gameplay by the ability to track crew members via security terminals. Finding lost crew members becomes your personal side quest, and the reward for doing so is often well worth the struggle. Nothing is as relieving as the presence of another human, for the duality of not wanting to be alone but neverreallybeing alone in any room thanks to hidden Mimics is an expertly crafted source of anxiety.And really, the Mimics themselves, while perhaps not the most interestingly designed enemies, are half the experience of this game. Your struggle to not just fight, but comprehend mimcs is another area wherePrey'spacing really shines. You're dropped into the fight with nothing but a wrench to keep you alive.  For the first few areas, you'll be at a constant unease, swatting inanimate objects in the hopes of exposing a disguised mimic, trying to get the drop on them before they get the drop on you.  Because, again, mimics are no joke on Hard, and carelessness will cost you dearly. And its right as you begin to get comfortable beating mimics with your wrench that the game gives you the pistol, a stealth weapon that will afford you range at the cost of a weaker damage output and having to aim. It only makes sense then that as you become better equipped, encounters become more challenging, introducing new and harder enemy types, setting you back on the learning curve once again. So you struggle, because the strangest thing about the mimics is that they're so, completely foreign - unpredictable and unknowable.  You'll find yourself experimenting with tactics, finding out what works and what doesn't, trying to get the hang of how best to handle an enemy you feel woefully incapbale of handling.  And again, as your prowess affords you progress, the game rewards you with the ability to scan mimics for weaknesses, allowing you to further prepare for each encounter and each enemy. The game operates on a constant slow-drip of trial, success, and reward, and the overall experience makes for continually exciting gameplay.What I really want to highlight in this review is how finely craftedPreyis as an experience.  This is a goodgame,where mechanics, atmosphere, and storytelling are all working in tandem to create something that feels genuinely unique. While we can classify this game alongsideBioshockandDeus Ex,it takes a playthrough to grasp what makesPreystand out - and to see that maybe this game isn't what you thought it was at first glance."
,Recommended,480490,31635079,Posted: 8 May,all,smithdog,Basically Bioshock 4.
,Recommended,480490,31839581,Posted: 19 May,all,Sundance_Shot,"its not prey.not unlike the mimics within it, its a completely different game disguised as prey.its an allright game. but its no prey.its more like somewhere between a... system shock 2, bioshock, dishonored, type of game.if you like those, you'll like nuprey.but if you're looking for something like prey, look elsewhere"
,Recommended,480490,31557622,Posted: 5 May,all,David T.,"Very good game , i can even run it on my gtx 960m = Gtx 750 Ti in perfomance , at very high settings by tweaking a littke bit the settings but at 30 fps only. I know that my rig is bad but , this game is very well optimized. The story is very different and interesting from other games to be honest. i recommend it , but it should cost like 40 Euro at least. 9.1/10"
76561198081653734,Recommended,480490,33243479,Posted: 4 July,all,Felixus316,"I loved playing this game, which had me hooked until the very end. If Dead Space and Bioshock had a baby, it would be this game. I played this game twice over pretty much non-stop. This is a solid horro space sci-fi game, and I think that if you're intrigued by the trailer, you'll enjoy this game."
76561198068315883,Recommended,480490,33193789,Posted: 3 July,all,HotcakeS,This is overall my favorite AAA horror title on the market. The lack of ammo you get makes you think more and can really make you feel vunerable which really adds to the horror to it. This is not a first person shooter so don't expect to just run and gun. For me this game seems really long because they hide keycards in hard places to find them sometimes. The controls are good and graphics are clean. I highly recemend to check this game out.
,Recommended,480490,33211173,Posted: 3 July,all,Lolerinc,This game made me realize how empty my life was. This game restored my credibility in the industry of videogames and I wish more games would follow this example of gameplay/story/open world. I took out my dong before every game session and got a hard on everytime I got a weapon upgrade. And gabe forgives everytime I got a jumpscare from one of the typhoons little portions of milk would come out of my nipples.This game is everything you need for 2017.
,Recommended,480490,31574320,Posted: 5 May,all,Poseidor,"It's like Bioshock meets Half-Life, Alien, and Dishonored"
,Recommended,480490,31601320,Posted: 7 May,all,Aniqiewan,"Great game - it's basically System Shock meets Half-life.The weapons, abilities and tools you see in the trailers are definitely not gimmicky or pointless (my usual feeling after watching a trailer), and all of them are really fun to use. You are forced to think outside the box instead of shooting your way through problems (enemies frequently surprise you with new abilities and their mimic tactics).The skills and upgrade trees are large and varied, and there are differnet ways to deal with story situations encouraging multiple playthroughs.The 1960's -ish setting is really well done and the story hits all the right spots if you enjoy sci-fi. Personally, I would not class this as a horror game, I find the enemies are unnerving at best - others may disagree.An easy recommend +1"
,Recommended,480490,32896644,Posted: 27 June,all,Gnojoke,My morning coffee will never be the same.
,Recommended,480490,33449572,Posted: 11 July,all,Skeleton,"From all my 180 games I have, this one is the best game I have ever played. I am still playing it. It's super hard, but very fun. There is so many ways to choose how to play. So many ways to enter a place, and many ways to kill the enemy. If you like Bioshock and Dishonor, you WILL LOVE THIS."
,Recommended,480490,32198025,Posted: 5 June,all,Spaross,"Absolutely amazing game, with great replayability. I honestly hav'nt played a game this good in a long time.Would absolutely recommend this game!!"
76561198168241162,Recommended,480490,31714435,Posted: 12 May,all,some faggot,♥♥♥♥ing amazing
76561198272400185,Recommended,480490,32781366,Posted: 25 June,all,xKINGxJERRY,After fighting a monster that can teleport I was taken down to 53 health. I only had one medkit so I found the nearest sink and washed my hands for a couple minutes until I was at full health.10/10 realistic game
76561198031037718,Recommended,480490,34341010,Posted: 18 August,all,Scumdog Millionaire,Normally the only game where furniture and cups kill you is Skyrim.
76561198057777784,Recommended,480490,34281257,Posted: 16 August,all,ematter100,An interesting hybrid of both Bioshock and Dead Space.Definitly worth the time of a fan of these othwise abandoned series.
76561198022734681,Recommended,480490,31553379,Posted: 4 May,all,Dayman,"Its like Bioshock, Dishonored, and Systemshock had a super smart baby.*Edit- With 80s synthwave and being horrified if the medkit you want in that room is going to heal you or choke you with its tenticles."
,Recommended,480490,31660230,Posted: 9 May,all,Crafekster,"I thought this game was gonna be a AAA bland game but... I was pleasantly surprised. It was a long time since a game actively wants you to cheat at it. Many times in so many AAA games I felt like I was cheating when I found an exploit, but Prey? No, those exploits are a part of the game.This game is System Shock 3, or Dishonoured Shock. So it allows for multiplaytroughs! Not only that, when you do play it again, you will play it completely differently and will figure your way around differently.This is an absolutely healthy singleplayer game, it has so many unique mechanics and details, I was instantly reminded of system shock 2. In system shock 2, if you speed boost yourself with a needle, and gives yourself additional other speed buffs, running into a wall will hurt or kill you. In Prey (2017),  boosting in a high speed against a wall in zero gravity will... hurt or kill you. These types of details is absolutely both funny and intense, especially when you forget about them. There is a lot of creative inventions such as the LG screens, Gloo gun and the mimics. These super creative mechanics almost made me feel like I was playing Half Life 3! haha, in anycase. Its a good game... very much recommended!"
,Recommended,480490,32744319,Posted: 24 June,all,gulfsteve,"Reminds me of Deus Ex... nice combination of creeping around, hacking, fighting and intriguing plot.  The story grabbed me immediately and the unique gameplay of the mimics is paranoia inducing!  Awesome game."
,Recommended,480490,31870517,Posted: 20 May,all,PЯӨXY,Me playin preybing chases by nightmare6 heath left and no psisee medkitomgyes.jpgruns to pick it upturn out to be a ♥♥♥♥ing mimicdies10/10 would get buttraped again
,Recommended,480490,31617855,Posted: 7 May,all,skizatch,"""Prey""? More like ""System Shock 3"" ... in a very good way!It's very good :)"
,Recommended,480490,31684279,Posted: 11 May,all,aleske,"Easily the System Shock Award of year 2017.May be, this is even better System Shock than the original title itself, bigger, scarier, and really haunting."
76561198029259754,Recommended,480490,31552998,Posted: 4 May,all,The rootiest tootiest cowboy,At first I honestly didn't know what to think of the game.. Kept seeing ads upon ads which got me annoyed at first. Decided to finally look at some trailers which got me interested and here we are now. I am getting a huge Bioshock and systemshock vibe from the hour I have played so far which is great!. I do have one con though it seems the volume has the issues. It seemed really low then I spoke to the robot thing in the beginning again then it was normal. Don't know if it's my end or this is a bug. But it's definitley worth it so far!
,Recommended,480490,31636653,Posted: 8 May,all,Nero,I am having a ton of fun playing this game. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,480490,31565210,Posted: 5 May,all,Doggie-San,So far after playing 2 hours of this game i have smashed my coffee cup my mouse and a good portion of my room thinking that it might be alive and waiting to kill me.I have come to realize that #1 I'm going to need to buy some new things and.... #2 my second keyboard i found in my room is making some strange noises and I'm.... oh... shi...
76561198056099496,Recommended,480490,34628854,Posted: 31 August,all,Valorin,"I am only a few hours in, but...I first started it, loved the tutorial, then I got that it was ArtDeco again and set in kind of an alternate reality which put me off. I never really liked freaky setting in BioShock, and feared Prey might be similar.That said, it's not. It's marvellous. Outstanding. I continued playing, still a bit meh because things didn't look like back in System Shock 2, but... but gameplay wise it was getting better and better and transformed into a similar experience as System Shock 2 back then, and that's a feat, because obviously they borrowed a lot from that game, but many games did, and many failed to deliver on that feeling. Prey does and I am enjoying every minute.True exploration, no collectible nonsense, options for how you develop your character, ways open for you depending on that. Alternate paths which are not always the super obvious vent behind a planting pot.The whole game world is open, given you can access it for ingame reasons, like keycards n stuff. But it stays open for later exploration and coming back for that room you couldn't access before. There are little details you have to look closer at to discover, secrets woven into the game world and not artificially planted for achievements.Prey revives a long lost and artful game style, without coming off as retro. It's awesome, it's real fun, it's no chores, no game time stretchers. If you loved System Shock 1 and 2, Prey won't disappoint you, even if you don't like the art style.Also: no stupid lens flare stickers on lights. I love that. :D"
,Recommended,480490,31636546,Posted: 8 May,all,aplced,Better than expected - bioshock+deus ex galore
76561198040646683,Recommended,480490,31616652,Posted: 7 May,all,TokenT@lent,"Great game, having a blast. So much content to explore. I didn't know much of anything when going to purchase, but I am glad I did."
,Recommended,480490,31616678,Posted: 7 May,all,CommanderDATA,"Prey is one of the best games i have ever played on PC. There are negatives but the good far outweighs the bad. The game has had me glued to my monitor and makes me feel like im playing Deus Ex and Half Life when they first came out all over again. That is thanks to it's modern graphics and old school late 90's - early 2000's PC game mechanics but with many quality of life tweaks.This game is obviously drawing much inspiration from System Shock 2 and though i have never played that series, i have played the Bioshock Series which also draws from (or could even say completely rips off) the Sytem Shock formula. This completely outshines Bioshock in terms of gameplay, options for the player, difficulty, PC port performance, and im just hoping the story pays off in the end.I have been reading every terminal email, notes and listening to every Transcribe (audio logs) and completely immersing myself in the story and tone. Sometimes its tense and lonely walking around the Talos 1 spacestation, sometimes its thought provoking but its always awesome. Apart from when a couple things are happening. There was one time where i had no ammo and low health and was barley scraping by until i got to the next recource recycler in order for me to fabricate more medkits and ammo. The game seemed to punish me for stealth at that particular moment as i would have to backtrack past the same monstrous enemies many times with no enviromental based ways to deal with them. Then when i finally got to the recycler there were even more of them in THAT room. Meaning i had no means of taking them out and no way of gettting more ammo or health. After typing this im not sure if that was an awesome or terrible gaming experience so i'll let you decide.The other issue i had was sadly technical so i think it definetly counts as terrible. For some reason, this game likes to desync my mouse then resync every now and then. Also when that happens the mouse cursor from the menu stays on the screen during gameplay. I eventually learned to deal with it but i would be lying if i said it wasn't irritating.Other than that this game is now one of my favourites and i'm looking forward to see how it ends as im feeling rather close to its finality. It runs great, plays great, IS great.Remember...Eat. Prey. Love......and Prey some more.I will never trust a coffee mug again."
,Recommended,480490,34943499,Posted: 13 September,all,Tegiminis,"it's the greatest heir to super metroid. a fascinating and well-written science-fiction plot, diverse choices, complex and curiosity-rewarding level design, and a large collection of abilities, devices, and mechanics. probably the best game this year, definitely the best first-person shooter."
76561197993137176,Recommended,480490,31652959,Posted: 9 May,all,Tyrant,One of the greatest games of the past decade and possibly of all time. Nuff Said.
76561198001014599,Recommended,480490,34422073,Posted: 22 August,all,Quante,A bit short (25ish on nightmare) but an excellent sci-fi adventure nonetheless
,Recommended,480490,34302981,Posted: 17 August,all,Badmuthagoose,"Like a perfect mix of Deus Ex, Bioshock and Dishonored. One of the best FPS games in a while 9/10 so far."
76561197964172964,Recommended,480490,33554851,Posted: 15 July,all,Randall Flagg,one of the few good singleplayer games released lately. what the first bioshock was supposed to be. i havent forgotten your weasel words on the LG forums Ken.
,Recommended,480490,33954198,Posted: 1 August,all,tearfromthered,"This is the new Half Life / Dead Space / System Shock game we all have been waiting for. A must try for any fan of a good sci-fi / Space horror story. Yes it's a kind of Dishonored in space, with similar game design and code behind it. But it's an hell of a good game that deserve credit maybe not for innovation but for being a master piece at what it does. Can be played at a silly action shooter on easy mode, can be also be played as survirva / stealh game."
76561197987920886,Recommended,480490,31634296,Posted: 8 May,all,Felix,Great game. You will enjoy it!
,Recommended,480490,32694131,Posted: 23 June,all,Mr.Unicorn,fun and very immersive
,Recommended,480490,31944965,Posted: 24 May,all,rossman1516,Pros:-Deep RPG elements-Fun gameplay (especially with power combos while playing on harder difficulties)-Weapon upgrades-Suit Upgrades-Power/ability upgrades-Almost everything is interactive in some way-Items and objects stay put-Neat story-Runs well (I'm able to easily stay above 60fps @1440p with a 1080/non-ti with everything maxed out)Cons:-Less than impressive graphics for a AAA title in 2017-Some frustrating bugs (especially missing and glitching quest markers in my experience)-Could use more weapon and enemy variety-Would have been nice to be able to remove the pistol silencer since it sounds so gay and pathetic
76561198098265586,Recommended,480490,34282879,Posted: 16 August,all,FSGInsainity,"Great game, but I wish I hadn't bought it when I did since I'm 3 hours in and it's 50 % of now.... kill me :("
76561197970645757,Recommended,480490,31616233,Posted: 7 May,all,EatABullet,"Do you love System Shock?  Buy this game, it is System Shock.  It is good."
76561198008969848,Recommended,480490,31557023,Posted: 5 May,all,Fuck Yasuo,"Played for an hour an a half so for and am thoroughly impressed by what I've played.  Gameplay is a healthy mixture of Bioshock and Dishonoured.  Mutiple ways to beat each scenario you come across with as well as a very decently sized environment to run around in.  Runs like a charm too on my rig, I get between 80-100fps with all settings maxed out on 1080p.  Running it on an Intel core i5 7500, 16GB of DDR4 2400 and a GTX 1060 6GB."
,Recommended,480490,32844818,Posted: 27 June,all,BigDaddy,>opens game>amazing cinematic intro>♥♥♥♥♥♥ portal feeling test thing>suddenly>Trolley problem>No multi-track drifting option>can't refund11/10
,Recommended,480490,33015165,Posted: 29 June,all,Ogremech,"This game has more ♥♥♥♥ing flavor in it than a Guy Fieri recipieso far this game is my 2017 GOTY. It oozes chram and flavor, the combat is fluid, and there are so many routes to explore and tackle a level. The world of Talos 1 that arkane studios has built for us is a very rare treat, a perfect mix of atmosphere and storytelling, while aslo allowing the player to explore it at their own pace. the combat is tense and tight, forcing you to monitor resources, but it doesnt feel like it weighs you down. the enemy variety is awesome, and the way the mimics move in game is incredibly fluid.i cannot do it justice in a review. if i had to say why this game stands out head and shoulders over other competitors of this genre, it has to go to the zero gravity combat.everything has impact, and anything is a weapon. from enviormental kills, to stealth, to guns out, any combat tactic or combonation of tactics are viable.I have not had as much fun messing around in space in a long time, and PREY deserves your playtime too."
76561197960304857,Recommended,480490,33590974,Posted: 16 July,all,SirJogurtKiff,"This game can best be described as a mix between Half-Life (1998) and Deus Ex (2000). Easily GOTY for me and in my Top 10 games list of all time. If you like anything along the lines of Half-Life, Deus Ex, Bioshock, Dishonored you will love this and probably the closest to a Half-Life 3 we got so far.Also the first time I was afraid of a chair...10/10"
76561197980611037,Recommended,480490,33712098,Posted: 21 July,all,Bjartur,"10/10Short review with no spoilers.The game runs well, it looks good (mostly because of the aesthetics) and the game mechanics are very good, and if you play on the harder difficulties, there is a sense of mastery you get after playing for a while.But what I liked the most is the story and setting. I really really like science fiction, and I must say this is one of the best sci-fi experiences I have ever had. If you like science fiction you should get this game. I can't recommend this game enough on account of the science fiction. Be sure to consider reading and listening to audio logs, for The Full Experience (TM).A note; I bought the game because I thought it might be like Deus Ex, but don't get the game on that account; I felt pretty bamboozled, although I quickly started to like the game on account of the sci-fi story and setting.10/10Did I already say that?100000000000000000000 / 100000000000000000000~~~~ get the game dammit"
,Recommended,480490,33776477,Posted: 24 July,all,Null,Game of the Year 2017
,Recommended,480490,33797462,Posted: 25 July,all,Crimson FURY,"Prey is not a perfect gameThe first 10 hours or so, I was blown away, but in the second half, things started to get annoying and tireseome. By the end, I was kind of glad it was over and asking myself if the whole experience was worth it. Having slept on it last night, I decided the answer was still yes, though the experience was greatly diminished towards the endPros: Beautifully atmospheric, great storytelling, difficult resource management, a genuinely scary first few hours, a nice smattering of plot twists at the beginning all combined to get me thinking ""where the hell am I, WHO am I, whats going on and how do I survive this place??"" which was great and reminiscent of classic survival horror games except played in first personCons: By the mid game, many questions are answered, resource management is no longer a problem. Almost the entire base has been explored. And you face far more enemies with almost no variety. There is a lot of backtracking and trying to find key cards, side quests all start to feel the same (find this dead guy, take his keycard, go somewhere else, open a door, read a journal entry or a listen to a voice recording, get a couple neuromods as a reward, repeat). What was once fun, scary and novel becomes a grindStill a very nice, polished game overall, but forgettable and will not sit in the annals of the best sci-fi survival horror games6.5/10"
,Recommended,480490,34094237,Posted: 7 August,all,Sharky,"Prey was a game I entered with no expectations. I never played (or had even heard of) the original and I didn't have loyalties to the developers. In all honesty, I only picked up Prey because of three things: a friends suggestion, my history of survival-horror, and the Steam Summer Sale. Now that I've thoroughly convinced you that I hold a neutral, unbiased stance on this game I'll continue with my review.I found Prey fantastic and was enthralled with it from start to finish. You probably already had some idea that I enjoyed it due to the giant blue thumb in this review. But I'd like to paint out a picture of my experience for you. I don't feel a need to dive into the graphics or quality, this game is triple A.The games environment achieves what it's made for, you're in the middle of a big mess on a big ship with a lot of pretty art deco. The characters and story are what really bring Talos 1 to life. Pick up every transcribe, scan everyones junk mail, do the side-quests, it's all worth it. The game also encourages you to ""play your way"", giving you different solutions to the same problem, and really creating a sense of fluidity when taking on obstacles. Can't hack that door? Search for a vent. Can't lift that debris? Recycle it and go on your way. Prey really rewards careful planning and thought, the right steps can make your life easier aboard this floating station of death. This game did manage to give me that same sensation I experienced during my first playthrough of Bioshock, the sensation of vulnerability in a strange and unfriendly world.Now I'm not going to only list pros, the game is phenomenal but it's not perfect. First of all, while I love the dialogue, it can sometimes be inconvenient. More than once did I  play a transcribe only to have it interrupted by main-story dialogue. Or, even more annoying, trying to hear out a transcribe while firing your shotgun madly at an advancing monstrosity. And I (personally) found some objectives a little unclear, specifically ones that tried to make tips to a solution vague while said solution is unorthodox anyways. These two complaints are the only major issues I had though.So all in all Prey was a great game and definitely worth the buy!*Edited to hopefully make this review easier to read*"
76561197968413283,Recommended,480490,34545464,Posted: 27 August,all,ShadowDragon8685,"The short version: If you liked any of the following, Prey is worth it at half off:Dead SpaceThiefDisHonoredAlien: IsolationBioShockDeus ExIf you liked three or more of those, Prey is worth it at full price, and is basically obligatory at half-off.The long version:Prey combines the stealth and free-roaming mobility of Thief, Deus Ex and DisHonored with the aquisitiveness of basically all of those titles. There's the free-roaming, backtrack-as-you-please nature of Deus Ex to boot, the sci-fi setting reminescent of most of them but particularly of Alien: Isolation. It has the Dead Space ""There are aliens there; you have weapons, and you may kill them"" action of Dead Space; no bullcrap invulnerable aliens HERE! There's weapon upgrading ala Dead Space and character-upgrading ala DisHonored to boot.There are some plot-gated areas, but very few, and it's very possible to, by cleverness and upgrade pathing, get into places well before you're ""supposed"" to; you can get into a lot of trouble that way, and you can prevail through guile, cunning, cleverness, or simply being really good at killing stuff.Additionally, there's stealth very much like DisHonored or Deus Ex: enemies are not automagically aware of you, and there IS sneak attack damage. It's very possible to kill and/or severely injure a hostile by dropping in on it from above, or sneaking up on it from behind, and unloading a shotgun shell at point-blank range, or just thwacking it hard with the wrench.It also has, by far, the best microgravity in any game I've played, by the simple expedient of the fact that no, you do NOT have a spacesuit with an oxygen supply measured meaningfully as a three-digit number of seconds. You have a spacesuit. Your breathable air-time is indefinite, because this suit was manufactured by someone competent. And your jetpack has a meaningful thrust even in artificial-gravity, allowing you to take a leap that should kill you and soft-land. Not enough to allow even temporary flight, but gliding and soft-landing are really sweet.There are some downsides, some annoying niggles that really irritate me, though.1: Your (purpose-built, as opposed to sci-lab crafted) weapons have iron sights. You have no way to make use of them. For any kind of first-person shooter in this day and age, the inability to aim down the iron sights is simply inexcusible.2: Although they successfully avoided the absurdity of an air supply measured as a single-digit span of minutes, for some reason they failed to avoid the absurdity of a flashlight which doesn't run dry in about thirty seconds or so. Granted, it recharges in about twenty, but c'mon guys.3: Electrical discharges, such as EMPs, short-circuit your jetpack, which is very annoying when fighting enemies that spam electrical discharges in space, as it leaves you both unable to maneuver and unable to pivot.Despite the drawbacks, this game is 100% worth it at half-price. I probably would have paid full price for it, so I heartily endorse anyone who likes the above-listed games to buy it at half price."
76561198055170203,Recommended,480490,32635390,Posted: 21 June,all,Howlin_Radio,One of the best games I've ever played - Top 20 games of all time
76561198149841220,Recommended,480490,31647837,Posted: 9 May,all,BADASSBOT,DEUS EX-Mankind Distrusted
,Recommended,480490,31682033,Posted: 11 May,all,Seitan's Fingers,"Honestly, the worst thing about this game is that Prey 2 had to die for it to come into being.  Sure, the title fits, but we could've had this wonderful game AND a continuation to the worthy 2006 title that didn't deserve the fate it got.  But I digress...This here is a game that wears its influences on its sleeve.  The UI is lifted straight out of Dishonored (and to some extent Deus Ex), the art deco interior of Talos I recalls Bioshock, and the powers and gameplay are the purest reconstruction of System Shock in ages.  And yet it all comes together in a package that feels refreshing and newDon't expect to play it like Dishonored, though - unlike Arkane's previous game, where you're quite powerful even with just your blade and the first basic power you get, this is a game that relishes in being punishing, even on Normal difficulty.  The upgrading of your arsenal is far, far more gradual, so really leaning into the disempowerment you feel at the beginning of the game is key, in my opinion, to enjoying yourself.  Play it like a horror/stealth game that opens up into something more varied as you go, not a smorgasbord where you can take any approach at any time.All told, this is another high watermark in Arkane's collection of mini-sandboxes.  Its characters don't jump out at you from the beginning with personality or anything, but it's a triumph of interweaving mechanics wrapped around an interesting story to boot.Also runs extremely well."
,Recommended,480490,31612003,Posted: 7 May,all,Christ died for our Spins,Giving it a thumbs up solely out of spite for that guy in the forums saying reviews were all paid off.
76561198139373101,Recommended,480490,31556676,Posted: 5 May,all,Rohit Tulsyan,This is just the Performance review of the game on my gtx 750tiThe game is running well and looks optimized and far better than Dishonored 2 as we all wanted.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hE9qamHLCHchttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvqhOvNmG84If u want to run on 1080p than u have keep medium and high settings to get 30+ fps.the only issue i am facing right now is with lights which keeps on flickering and makes the whole game dark even if lights are on. This is not game issue which can prevent you from buying but rather a unique issue very few players are facing and may be related to hardware.
,Recommended,480490,31589800,Posted: 6 May,all,Phoenix,"I may update this review laterBut at this moment:Gameplay is great, feels a lot like bioshock/dishonnored. The soundtrack is incredible, I'm blown away. Game runs very smoothly."
,Recommended,480490,31670704,Posted: 10 May,all,|TAW| Humans are Weak,great game =) if you liked bioshock and / or system shock you'll love this
,Recommended,480490,31610524,Posted: 7 May,all,w0lfie,"The lovechild of Bioshock and Dishonored, 10/10 would mimic again."
76561197970959678,Recommended,480490,31967116,Posted: 26 May,all,t_therkelsen,"Prey starts out slow, I remember thinking, ""man, is this game gonna be one of those 10 hour AAA disappointments?""  Actually, no, this game is a great open-world, play-as-you-want game, although I would say the horror elements are minimal, and I managed to sink close to 40 hours into it.This game very much has the same kind of dystopian technology-gone-awry feeling that the Bioshock games had, combined with the exploration, skill- and inventory management found in System Shock 2.The artwork blends the technology themes of the 60-70s with Art Deco themes from the 30s.  This gives the game an anachronistic look-and-feel.  This may work for you, but I felt the visual constrasts quite jarring at times.Despite this, I thoroughly enjoyed the level design from a mechanical point of view.  I had a blast exploring Talos I!  My only grievance is that finding hard to reach places is not rewarded once you have all the common blueprints, as finding another copy of a blueprint you already have does nothing.  It would've been nice if finding multiple copies of a blueprint upgraded the blueprint somehow (eg. cheaper fabrication).The game had a few technical issues (I played from release day), but with the latest patch (1.03) the only remaining is the micro-stutter that happens for me when I turn around quickly, or run around a corner into a big area.  Depends on your tolerances, if that is grounds for not buying this game.I'm not going to spoil the ending, but I will say this is an Arkane game, so if you played Dishonored you'll probably see it coming.TL;DR -- Great game, but takes a while to build momentum.  A lot of play time in optional missions and exploring."
76561197967645029,Recommended,480490,31568905,Posted: 5 May,all,l33tdood7,Honestly my expectations were pretty high to begin with....I'm really big into scifi space horror stuff so this is right up my alley....If Half-Life and System Shock had a baby this would be the result....Apart from the micro stutters and occasional FPS dips that everyone is experiecing it honestly dosen't take away from the game too much....Love the atmosphere and style so far 10/10
,Recommended,480490,31598576,Posted: 7 May,all,Clever Fox,"System Shock and Dishonored married and put a down payment on a house in space.Liked the game a lot, I've seen many reviews saying that this game is difficult which at times it is, but the ones saying its too hard and outright unfair are statements I would not agree with, I finished this game on hard with yes challenge but not ever a point of jesus why cant I get past this point.EXCEPT FOR WHEN A GAME BREAKING BUG HAPPENED THAT YOU DO NOT KNOW IS THERE AND YOU PROCEED PLAYING THE GAME FOR MULTIPLE HOURS TO FIND OUT AFTER MULTIPLE ATTEMPTS AT SOLVING.incredibly minor spoiler to avoid game breaking bug:When given the whereabouts of a certaint tech officer, reload the game if it says talos exterior, as they are likely not to spawn."
,Recommended,480490,31608594,Posted: 7 May,all,Arctic,Game is pretty good but there are a few things that really frustrated me with it. The first half of the game was one of the best game experiences I have ever had but after that if kind of dragged on and just became really frustrating. I never seemed to have enough ammo for the horde of Typhon that were around and it just felt like the pacing was really off. Besides that it was still a fun game so I do think people should give it a try.
,Recommended,480490,31638867,Posted: 8 May,all,JABBA69R,"After playing three hours of this game it feels just like the old system shock games, gameplay is good but the game is hard even on normal, worth checking out if you love the system shock games or the bioshock series!!!also If you see reviews about people saying the game runs really badly for them reason is because it uses the Cryengine same one used for the crisis series and far cry so check specs before buying, if you don't know your specs download Speccy and use that program to check what you have!!!Also This series has nothing to do with the Prey game from 2006 it is a completely different series that just happens to share the same name as the older game!"
76561198103634821,Recommended,480490,31550569,Posted: 4 May,all,Hisoka,This Game will intensify your trust issues..
,Recommended,480490,31574691,Posted: 6 May,all,Boobie Pillow,"This is the perfect example of a game that is READY FOR RELEASE. Runs smooth AF!The gameplay is very interesting and in terms of the enemies, well, they feel like their own characters. LOVE IT. Well worth the money"
,Recommended,480490,31594003,Posted: 6 May,all,Sponticore,System shock 3 for all i care.edit: can i pleaes have more thum b sup thankks
,Recommended,480490,31608829,Posted: 7 May,all,Pain,"This is basically one of the finest 'PC first' games I've played in a loooonnngg time. Alot of it's mechanics are quite obviously designed to favor a keyboard and mouse yet also allowing console users to share them as well. Popular opinion makes people assume this game is similar to Bioshock which is utterly wrong. This game's roots go back to the System Shock series and stay there. From its grid based inventory system to psi powers, this game screams SS ancestry all the way. The only real difference is that psi powers can be duel wielded with your firearm just like Bioshock. This game is basically a modern reimagining of the old System Shock 2 cult classic with a twist of being a complete sandbox world space. If you enjoyed the System Shock series of games then you will most definitely be in heaven with this game.It's engine is CryEngine which is reknown for both its stability and incredible graphics output. Most GPU's do not have a problem with CryEngine. The most around about way of saying this. This is not a 20 hour game if you actually dig into it exploring Talos 1. The combat is both challenging and fulfilling as this game is a SANDBOX. You as a player get to decide how you want to play, how you want to impose your presence on the survivors of Talos 1. To kill or save them. You decide who is Prey and who is not."
76561197984745040,Recommended,480490,31637333,Posted: 8 May,all,Nagashazzir,went into this one kinda sceptical but wow did it turn out good.
,Recommended,480490,31609238,Posted: 7 May,all,gamerstu,"Dishonored in space! Finally a Bethesda game with a good launch! I was sceptical of the brand initially but was pulled into the game lore quickly. Makes me want to re-play all my favorite Sci-Fi shooters (Half-Life, Bioshock, Deadspace) just to appreciate how much this game borrows from past rpg/fps. See a bug in the game like floating object? It's not a bug, it's a feature, a mimic! Love the art!"
76561197961399656,Recommended,480490,31609363,Posted: 7 May,all,Archeron,"If Deus Ex and Bioshock had a baby, it would be named Prey. This is a fantastic game and it doesnt take more than 20 minutes to see the fantastic attention to detail Arcane Studios / Bethesda have presented. I'd say try this game, see if you like it after 30ish minutes, and enjoy the ride. Probably my favorite game of the year so far."
,Recommended,480490,31608998,Posted: 7 May,all,YUNGSHOOTAPEPE,Prop Hunt has never been so terrifying
,Recommended,480490,34579778,Posted: 29 August,all,Skeet,"An excellent blend of Dishonored, System Shock, and Deus Ex. Gameplay is unique especially with the addition of the Gloo Cannon. Story can be a little confusing at times throughout the game, but during the final Act, things start to come together and you can grasp what is going on. No words on the ending though, lets just say it was solid. Probably one of my favorite aspects of this game was the soundtrack, composed by Mick Gordon. The music has a synth rock tone to it, and it matches the games asthetic. Overall, an easy competitor for Game Of The Year.Prey and Nier: Automata now stand as my two favorite games of 2017 so far."
76561197971285562,Recommended,480490,31616784,Posted: 7 May,all,Barbouz,4 letters => GOTY my friend...GOTY
,Recommended,480490,31562799,Posted: 5 May,all,Nick Lipples,"If you like Bioshock 1 or System Shock 2, you're in for a real treat."
76561198013451251,Recommended,480490,31565185,Posted: 5 May,all,Slick,"Runs smooth like butter. The introductory part of the game has a good twist to it and overall it reminds me of Bioshock in space like many other people have already mentioned. The in game crafting seems like it's actually useful and the mimics can be terrifying. I'm only about 1.5 hours in but I'm very much enjoying this game. I'm playing at high settings @1440p with i7-4790, gtx 1070, and 16gb ddr3 and haven't had at frame rate issues so far. I believe people with older systems will definitely be able to enjoy this game."
,Recommended,480490,31570199,Posted: 5 May,all,codyyy,Not a mimic!
76561197970396921,Recommended,480490,34337748,Posted: 18 August,all,Makaroner,"It's a bit like Bioshock Infinate, except good."
76561198018953177,Recommended,480490,31554767,Posted: 5 May,all,Phantasmagoria,"Muscle memory got me killed.Note to self: stop picking up random stuff, dumbass."
76561198036091950,Recommended,480490,31570350,Posted: 5 May,all,Wilsonzx,I am completely captivated by the atmosphere of this game. It feels like I'm playing Bioshock for the first time again.
76561197979948240,Recommended,480490,33271623,Posted: 5 July,all,Sunn brO))),"The marketing for this was really confusing and misleading. They should have just been up front and said ""we let Arkane make System Shock 3 and you can turn into a coffee mug."""
,Recommended,480490,33915895,Posted: 30 July,all,Marcuz,PreyThis game is amazing there was a lot of things to doIt was fun exploring Talos 1 and you can go out to space it was fun looking aroundi feel like i was playing dead space or alien and bioshockThere were a lots of different typhons that you have to research and find them it was like looking for butterflys but deadlyTyphon look so awasome just pure darkness bad vibe about them. When you see them they can even sense you like a cat you need be a sneaky snake to get pass them and mimic are so ♥♥♥♥ing annoying they are like headcrab from HL2 THEY CAN BE ANYTHING..ANYTHING. You have to Check everthing like they can be 2 same things that were not there before there could be more you never know. Anything can be a mimic even Items you used ( it like prop hunt but it can kill you)There were a lot of different types of weapons my favourite gun was the Gloo cannon you can freeze typhon electric panels and put out fires and make stair way where to go or make a snowman it was really uesful weapon.survivors in this are interesting they are hard to find around the Talos 1 you have to make choices with them or kill them up to you how the story process  through the gameI really like the story in this game it can be confusing at first when you keep going it get better and there different endings ( NO spoilers )The part of the game i didnt like a lot of back tracking and I always have to keep checking the map you can lost somethimes it like annoying toy that your mum give you that you cant throw away :PI give this game a 8/10 This is not a mimic This is not a mimic This is not a mimic This is not a mimic This is not a mimic This is not a mimic This is not a mimic This is not a mimic
76561198206122780,Recommended,480490,33700438,Posted: 21 July,all,jimmy9ribs,prey is easily the best single player game i've played in a long long time! this game has such a great story and world to explore with many awsome main missions and side quests that will keep you entertained for days. also i might add that the graphics are amazing with some very cinematic moments. sometimes the AI can feel a little clunky with characters talking over each other and walking into objects but it doesnt bother me that much.what i really like about this game though is the fact that it doesnt hold your hand but instead leaves you to solve problems (with multiple ways to be solved) on your own accord. i also love the whole scavenge and recycle aspect of the game as well as conserving ammo and supplies to survive. the map is huge with plenty of areas to explore if you choose however the loading screens to enter different sections of the map can get a bit irritating. overall i highly reccoment this game if you want to play a great campaign and i really hope they make a sequel!
76561198051304337,Recommended,480490,31918582,Posted: 23 May,all,Turing's Test,"I remember when this game was first revealed it was met with a rather lukewarm response, alot of the comments I saw complained that this game looked nothing like the Prey 2 that was cancelled and many were clamouring for the return of that cyberpunk bounty-hunter game. Not me, I watched Prey's release approach with great interest having been a huge fan of Dishonoured 1 and 2(Despite an abysmal launch Dishonoured 2 is one of my favourite games of all time) and I was very curious as to what Arkane would do with this game.Needless to say, I was not disappointed. Prey(2017) is a fantastic game that combines a myriad of different elements and systems from past games and fuses them into a riveting, wonderfully thoughtful experience.One of the best things about this game is the environment: Talos 1. I don't think I have ever explored a more connected space in any other game I have played, there is so much detail and freedom to explore and the way the different sections of the station interweave and merge with one another feels so incredibly real, it reminds me alot of Sevastopol Station from Alien: Isolation except where in Isolation I just wanted the station to burn in orbit until nothing remained, Talos 1 is a place I wanted to legitimately explore and discover more about. The style of Prey(2017), that retro-futuristic aesthetic, looks amazing and I hope we get to see more of it in the future.Another aspect I loved about this game was the story, and the soundtrack Mick Gordon composed along with it. After the incredibly disappointing story of Dishonoured 2 I wasn't sure what to expect from this game. Needless to say Prey's story is a fantastic, existential journey that delves into alot of themes that I personally find very exciting. All the characters throughout the story are well written, and the music is just fantastic; delivering both a sense of tension/dread and wonder with a meaty slice of emotional punch. The exploration is top notch, you can go virtually everywhere in the game and there is so much to see and find, a massive portion of my playtime was dedicated to nothing much walking around and outside Talos 1 just seeing what I could. The combat is alright, it felt clunky to me at first but after a few hours I grew to enjoy it, it feels very different compared to Dishonoured yet once you get some agility upgrades the verticality of Arkane's predecessor returns and boy does it feel good. Probably my favourite part of the game is the crafting, picking up all the various materials and turning them into these small blocks and geometric crafting parts feels incredible.The only thing I really dislike about Arkane's Prey is the sound mixing, which can feel very unpolished/choppy at times. Voices and sounds have an inconsistent sense of space, sometimes appearing as if they are right behind your or to the side of you when in fact they are all the way across the room. In addition to this the volume levels of various sound cues are terrible, the sudden incredibly loud screech of a mimic that reveals itself in your face, the audio indicator that rams itself into your ear when it is clear you are about to die, these are just a few of the issues I have run into but probably the biggest gripe to me is the lack of ambient music. One of the things I loved about Alien: Isolation is the soundtrack, and it is always somewhere there in the background no matter what you are doing, constantly flowing from theme to theme depending on the context be it exploring, hiding from the Xenomorph, or battling the Working Joes. In Prey(2017), however, the excellent soundtrack is only used in specific scenarios and thus for the majority of the time you are exploring the station there is no ambience, just silence, and I found that to be incredibly boring. The few times music does start playing I actually stopped to listen to it, just because I was starved of it. Another lackluster part of the game is the 'stealth,' which isn't even stealth really(At least to my Dishonoured experience), it feels incredibly inconsistent.But despite all of that Prey(2017) is a fantastic game that is definitley worth picking up. The game is also very well optimised, the only frame dips I encountered throughout my playthrough were in the Reactor Core room, which is this massive several story level so it is understandable.With a great story, wonderful soundtrack, amazing environment, and well thought out systems, this is the sort of game that we need to be supporting with our cash."
,Recommended,480490,31659725,Posted: 9 May,all,some ƒucc shit,The closest you will get to Half Life 3dab/10
76561198308244939,Recommended,480490,31575324,Posted: 6 May,all,Digital_Bullit,"Liking this game so far. Has its own art style that also does not require a hardcore GPU. Think Dishonored 2 mixed with Bioshock. Not on par with Deus Ex Mankind Divided.... But very stylish and nice to look at.Very polished considering all the issues that most games have on release day. Capped my fps rate at 144 and it tends to stick right there with everything maxed out. No crashes or long load times either.Creepy, almost like the game is watching you kinda vibe. The first hour is really good with keeping you off balance.Interesting story that doesn't give you all the information​ up front. Feels like things can go in many different directions.Glad I bought it. Only knock I have is that the dialogue sounds muffled and far too quiet. Crafting system is a little odd for me. It functions, but isn't very intuitive."
76561198148160070,Recommended,480490,31787615,Posted: 16 May,all,Eleventh Doctor,Basically if you have ever played any of these games1)Deus Ex2)System Shock3)Bioshock4)Half-lifeand loved any one of them this might be for you. Important to note that early game is pretty harsh but the game gets easier as you learn new skills and how to handle enemy encounters.Finally trust no objects that you can see a duplicate of nearby ;).
76561198071879815,Recommended,480490,33197563,Posted: 3 July,all,Jack Fancy,Absolutely Smashing!
76561198064642511,Not Recommended,480490,35090064,Posted: 20 September,all,LuchaBocs,"the game is NOT BAD but it is boring.I love System Shock/Bioshock and games that was born out of the ""RPG\shooter"" mold but this game did not click with me. I really want to love this game because it sold itself as System Shock ""3"" but I felt let down and dissapointed, played it first on PS4 found controller was not the best way to play it so purchased it again on PC unfortunately still find this game lackluster.Pros-skill trees are awesome ways to interact with the world!-gunplay seems nice.-Weapons look good-Different ways to solve problemsCons-Boring and Uninteresting story-Boring Enemies(Everything looks like the same blob)-Ugly character design(really tired of Arkane's ugly cartoon faces from Dishonored)-Space Suit sections of the game is frustrating!-The UI is a messin conclusion, the game is NOT BAD it just failed to ""hook"" me, the uninteresting enemies is the real dealbreaker. Those ""Blobs""/Mimics can't compare to Bioshock's Big Daddy."
,Recommended,480490,31553968,Posted: 4 May,all,Unmutual,"Runs great and plays great. Game is a hybrid of Deus Ex and System Shock with open-ended level design like that of Dishonored. Arkane knocks it out of the park once again. Max settings, constant 60 FPS.i7-4790KGTX 107016gb DDR3"
76561198041100982,Not Recommended,480490,34694106,Posted: 2 September,all,Sgt. Thundercok,Returned.  Ran great.  Looked great.  Not into it as I don't want to deal with the same annoying black spider blobs throughout a game.
76561197972245100,Not Recommended,480490,31773407,Posted: 15 May,all,Patarack,"Edit: The review is incomplete due to save-file problems which is why it is not recommended, so I did my best to balance it out so it isn't a lopsided negative review.The game itself is good as far as I've played it, but I just lost my third attempt at a playthrough due to save file problems.  My time in game says 56 hours, but it really isn't accurate as I left it paused and running while I ran errands and was cooking in the kitchen; my time played is probably closer to 6-10 hours out of three play attempts.  This all has happenedafterthe patch.As far as the game goes, the only thing it has in common with the old Prey is the name; they just used the name to try and capture an established fanbase.The mechanics are fun as they remind me of the prop-hunt mod on half-life 2, except more intense as the props are just waiting to kill you.  There are also multiple ways to approach a situation which include sneaking, hacking turrets/computers, or going all guns blazing (I usually just go guns blazing since I suck at stealth).  The shooting and gunplay is good enough with nothing especially special to make it stand out with the exception of a gun that shoots out a gluey substance that you can use to climb up walls and freeze enemies.  They also have a crafting system where you can take items, break them down into 1-of-4 categories, and build new items out of it (weapons, ammo, etc): this part brough out the Skyrim hording side of me as I found myself maxing out my inventory and trekking back to get more raw materials.  There is an also upgrade system that allows you to upgrade different aspects of your character, depending on how you want to play the game.  These include three different tech trees under scientist, engineer, and soldier, and they allow you to do things like repair, hack, upgrade weapons, pick up heavier objects, increase healing abilities, sneak,  develop certain superhuman abilities, among others.The presentation of the game feels pretty good.  I was expecting a space-stationy feel and look, like Alien, but they give you a lot of sections with a more 20s vintage feel with wood decor and rooms for executive/high level employees of the company, so it helps bring in diversity to the setting of a space station (which can feel monotonous with just metal walls and grated floors).  the graphics themselves aren't jaw dropping but they aren't bad either.  And honestly, I think we've gotten to a point where games just aren't going to look dated as fast as, say, the jumps between Super Mario World to Mario 64 to Super Mario Sunshine.  The graphics are good and good enough to last a while, but aren't top of the line.The sound is adequate, but definitely doesn't have the level of attention to detail like Alien: Isolation or other tension-filled games would have.  It does its job well, but there isn't anything that stands out.  I do like the music direction they went with which is more in line with synthwave (retroish 80's music synth, but generally with more modern rythms/beats) during parts where they use music to enhance a scene (a skyline reveal, a planet view reveal, a story-line revelation or plot twist, etc).  It kind of helps the game not be as full of dread like a lot of similar themed games and puts more focus on the adventurous side of it imo.As far as the story?  It doesn't seem bad, but I can't truly comment on it as I haven't been able to complete the game (save file troubles).In conclusion: Treat this review as an incomplete one.  I played it enough to get a feel for the game, but not enough to experience everything it has to offer.  I enjoyed the game enough to warrant a recommendation for the game itself, but the problem with save files (very frustrating) is enough to not recommend a purchase at this time.  Also, had I noticed that it was using 3rd-party DRM, denuvo, I wouldn't have bought it (or pirated it for that matter).  If third-party DRM doesn't bother you and you're willing to rough the save-file problems, and you liked what you read, then go for it.  In their defense, it seems like the patch did help a ton of people, so it probably isn't much of a problem at this point for most people, just me :(."
76561198007847377,Not Recommended,480490,32959023,Posted: 28 June,all,Doom,"This is... aneutralreview.This is a big and unusual game that has a good and bad sides, but all things considered, I can't really recommend it, because I wasn't quite happy with the experience and felt like I could've waited for a bigger discount.Some key points:This game has nothing in common with original Prey aside from the title. You can forget about that one cliffhanger from the original Prey.It is essentially Bioshock in space. It is Bioshock not because of similar mechanics, but because there's a lot of environments, especially in the beginning of the game that looks like they were pulled from Bioshock game. Even colors and fonts are similar.Combat is clunky and unsatisfying. It feels like a chore. It is also quite uneven/unbalanced.However, environments are interesting to explore. If you like exploring every nook and cranny of the level, this game allows doing that.Enemy designs are not very interesting, and enemy variety is not good.In greater detail:Positives:You have a lot of large zones you can frequently revisit. The locations are interesting to explore (despite strongly resembling bioshock levels fairly often). One thing I liked is that if you make a mess in a location, it does not reset. Junk keeps lying on the floor, corpses are where you left them, and furniture you moved will stay where you left it.Intro was interesting.There are good locations with zero gravity.Gender choice for a protagonist. That's unusual for a (supposedly) a first-person shooter.The game reacts to your actions and choices you made. Overall, reacting to your actions was quite solid, although there were few minor errors.Lots of stuff to do. A lot of this stuff is fetch/search quests, though. Yes, there are quests. In a first person shooter-like game.Negatives, in greater detail:Combat is really really tedious, boring and unfun (even with extra powers). Take any game, and combat mecahnics in it will be better. Original system shock had much more fluid combat, bioshock had much more fluid combat, but in prey everything feels strange, and the game really resembles some sort of roguelike, becuase enemies can take quite a lot of damage, and can kill you quite quickly too. You run through corridor, turn around a corner, make one mistake and die in 2 seconds, then stare at reload screen. This happens surpriisingly often, and in both Bioshock and System Shock your character felt much more durable.Stealth is useless, as far as I can tell. You easily get spotted, and sneaking doesn't seem to server any purpose aside from wasting time.Enemy designs are not very interesting and variety is not good.I found npcs to be quite hideous. But that might be a matter of taste.There are bugs. Several people experienced textures suddenly getting blurred. I had this problem as well. I've also run into one broken quest, there may be more of them. There are also certain robots that can heal you, those LOVE ending up in some inaccessible location, cheerfully beeping while flying near a nigh inaccessible spot near ceiling.Can get REALLY tedious and boring at the beginning.If you're using weapons, you can expect to waste a lot of time running back to the nearest ammo making facility. Ammo runs out quickly, and resource gathering/spending mechanics feel very odd. You're often low on something, and it is done in an unsatisfying fashion (not like in the old resident evil games, where it was fun).Poor enemy variety.Positives, in greater detail:The intro was surprisingly interesting. The intro was over fairly quickly, though.Exploring the level, looting containers, and generally poking around is actually interesting enough.There are likeable characters. There are characters that are more likeable than those you saw in Bioshock.The ending was... pleasant.There's a lot of small stuff to do that can keep you busy for quite some time, even though a lot of this stuff are small errands (that take a lot of backtracking). Because of the small tasks that can send you to another part of the station, playtime is quite long.Zero-G segments are quite good.Overall, it is a solid title that can get incredibly boring over certain very long segments. The world is interesting to explore, but it does not really feel ""alive"" (bioshock and system shock worlds felt much more believable), and resembles some sort of frozen diorama.It is very surprising to see people write ""This is the best game I ever played"" after having to deal with extremely poor gunplay for many hours. While the world itself is interesting, combat system is incredibly poorly done and generally isn't fun, and as I mentioned Bioshock/System Shock had superior combat.So, the bottom line is... it is a decent game that you could check out if you have some cash to burn, but it is not an ""excellent shooter"" for sure."
76561198385355054,Recommended,480490,31615934,Posted: 7 May,all,Moldy Loaf,"Best game ive played this year. If you think you can do something odds are you can, love how open the world is."
76561198130942269,Recommended,480490,32747197,Posted: 24 June,all,TheOGCookCook,"Honestly, I wish that I liked this genre of game because I can definitly tell that this is a great horror/sci-fi title. Unfortunately, I am too much of a ♥♥♥♥♥ to progress more than an hour deep into the story. A great setting and awesome mechanics really set the game high in my opinion (from what I played). I will look to have another crack at the game after I fetch a new pair of pants and find my testicles."
,Recommended,480490,32886442,Posted: 27 June,all,Critticalt,Morgan Yu's Quest into a deep and dwindling hole of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Aliens and a lack of Ammo
,Recommended,480490,33032332,Posted: 30 June,all,قرمُوع,لعبة رائعة جدا فاقت توقعاتي للامانة.
,Recommended,480490,33037004,Posted: 30 June,all,Pauleene,Biggest mindfk.
76561198124409269,Recommended,480490,31829499,Posted: 18 May,all,jonsimp1,uhh umm great GRAMFICS great GRAMEPLAY10/10
76561198054470787,Recommended,480490,31559870,Posted: 5 May,all,eat a dick up till you hicup,"Buy this game if you liked Dishonered 1,2, bioshock 1,2,3, System Shock,"
,Recommended,480490,31856092,Posted: 20 May,all,Nark,"Amazing. I don't think Arkane Studios are capable of making a bad video game, between Arx Fatalis, Dark Messiah of Might & Magic, the Dishonored series and now Prey I'm totally convinced of this.A very well made and well polished action rpg/metroidvania style FPS game in the same vein as System Shock 1 & System Shock 2, this game channels the System Shock series far better than BioShock or Dead Space ever did.If you're a fan of the first Prey game then you should ignore the title 'Prey' and call it PsychoShock (which is what I'm assuming was Arkane's working title for this concept before Bethesda saddled Prey on it, there's even a PsychoShock ability in the game). Too many people are discarding this modern day System Shock successor because they didn't get the alien bounty hunter game they wanted.The only downfalls of this game to me are the enemy designs feeling a bit too generic (black goo monsters) and a slight lack on the available weaponry in the game, other than that, the story, setting, soundtrack(!), exploration elements, abilities, upgrades, recycling and crafting system, alternate paths and ways to carry out your objectives and the open-endedness of the story in general are all great."
,Recommended,480490,33204725,Posted: 3 July,all,AdamaGeist,"I didn't know what to expect coming into this. I mean, it looked like an interesting concept and a well polished shooter. What I got was what Bioshock had so far failed to provide for me in any of it's editions. An actual successor to System Shock.Excelent gameplay, wonderful graphics, actual worldbuilding. Multiple side-quests, great freedom in choosing your character build. Benefits to ALL possible paths, from hiding and sneaking your way through to bounding overhead on catwalks and other hidden spots. MULTIPLE possible endings, terific storytelling... I could go on all day.BUY THIS GAME. You won't regret it."
76561198151345917,Recommended,480490,33201035,Posted: 3 July,all,Sathanus,spoopy nibba
,Recommended,480490,33355258,Posted: 7 July,all,ϻЯ∙ИϊϾE,I was searching a new good shooter with good story aspects and possibilites. I came up with Prey because I heard it should be like the good old Half-Life games and that convinced me.Now with about 12 hours play time I can definetly say it is worth it. The graphics and the scenario itself are very nice. It's up to you how to proceed in the game and I like this part very much.I must to say I'm often very scarry when I hear strange sounds or something appears without warning and those Aliens sometimes scare out the hell of me but I keep playing and want to know how it continuous. And that's a good sign!Thumbs up!
,Recommended,480490,33254619,Posted: 4 July,all,Turts,good game very alien good
76561198082556031,Recommended,480490,31592567,Posted: 6 May,all,Joke's On You,Beat asnowman made of glueto death with awrenchin the name ofrecycling....10/10
,Recommended,480490,31567379,Posted: 5 May,all,Kermit,Whats the first rule?Do NOT trust the life saving medpack over there in the corner. It will come alive and eat your face.10/10
,Recommended,480490,32183045,Posted: 4 June,all,TangledMangle,"Prey looks a LOT like Soma but has gameplay exactly like Bioshock. Ignore anyone who whines the game is ""hard"" to find ammo or weapons. The game is full of them and you have options to play the full game from easy to very hard.Prey has easily become one of my favorite games with it being so incredibly addictive and it's gorgeous graphics. You as Morgan Yu, must try working through missions deciding who you can really trust. It's all in your hands on how this story should end and I absolutely love it. I haven't even completed this game yet and I can honestly say I don't think that's a bad thing or else I'd probably regret it, trying to find another new single player shooter game just as fun!"
76561198082677900,Recommended,480490,31603008,Posted: 7 May,all,Alexswede,"This game is what i would call i re-imagining of classic games like System Shock 2 or Half life. So If you like both those games, i would recommend this game. Otherwise, heres what i thought about the game.-Open ended ways to complete missions, very Dishonored esque with different paths- Multiple power combinations and ways that they impact gameplay-Every Nueromod you install has an impact on gameplay, whether its that turrets attack you after too many Typhon mods, or being able to reinforce turrets for parts of the game that are relitivly hard to get through-Fun story but falls a bit off later in the game when side missions start cluttering it up-Side missions are fun and have noticable consequences, even for the ending-Characters dont really have much backstory, some side mission characters do-Combat is fun and fluid, with a variety of differnt ways to get to your objetive, whether through brute force or through stealth-Amazing map design, but can get confusing if you dont pay attention to where you are going, or if you dont install area maps-Fantastic weapon and sound design, but can feel lacking unless you upgrade the weapons firepower ( *cough* shotgun *cough*)-Story has twists and turns everywhere with multiple areas to explore even if you havent completed a single mission (well i guess you have to complete the first one)-RPG elements are there, but shouldn't be the sole reason you buy PreyFinal Score    9/10 would recommend to singeplayer fans"
,Recommended,480490,31623609,Posted: 8 May,all,King Mccree,Pros-optimized perfectly (constant 100+fps for gtx 1070)-multiple ways to finish objective-good plot-good skill setConsNO cons
,Recommended,480490,31561878,Posted: 5 May,all,loll_loll,"The moment when u break the glass into the truth, literally amazing..."
,Recommended,480490,32099075,Posted: 31 May,all,IMTEHWALRUS,Great spiritual successor to System Shock 2 / Bioshock. If you're a fan of those games you need to play this ASAP!!!
,Recommended,480490,31736140,Posted: 13 May,all,Some Loser,Let me just say I had a save bug at 20 hours and instead of getting mad I just made a new character and got to the same point then they fixed the saves and now I’m playing again on my original save.
76561198089383838,Recommended,480490,31598219,Posted: 7 May,all,MacBreak,"Took me 2 hours to get through a 30 Minute Tuotrial, because there is just so much to loot.Amazing Game.Looting 9/10, Leveling 10/10."
76561198070907820,Recommended,480490,31595304,Posted: 6 May,all,One Tap Dirt Nap,"Amazing game overall, can't drink a cup of coffee in the morning because of this game and im terrified by the many ""Nightmare"" ish creatures that keep jumpscaring me"
76561198032421162,Recommended,480490,31638571,Posted: 8 May,all,Synopsis,"I'm Jean Luc Picard of the starship Enterprise, and I approve of this game"
,Recommended,480490,33756241,Posted: 23 July,all,lilkillpappy,"Recommended, but with a a huge caviot. This game is very difficult. If you are feeling chill and in the mood to kind of relax then avoid this game like the plague. Only play this game when you are wide awake, and really in the mood to focus and think about what you're doing. This is more like a stealth alien isolation mixed with Dishonored type of game. If you try to hurry your way through it then you will get smacked down over and over again until you rage quit. If you have patients and think about strategy and you're awake enough to actually figure this♥♥♥♥♥♥out, then it is a great game."
,Recommended,480490,32191888,Posted: 4 June,all,CJ The Expert,"Unlike many people going into this game, I was not intimately familiar with the ""spiritual grandparents"" of Prey. I had never heard of the Prey IP previously, nor had I heard of System Shock. What I saw in the trailers and gameplay, though, was an interesting looking sci-fi RPG, and I really, really like sci-fi RPGs.Ultimately, my impulse buy was incredibly worth it. My first run through the main game, a leisurely jog through the story, completing side missions that looked vaugely interesting, took around 35 hours. Since then, I've been working on achievements, and having a blast playing through the game in more than a few different ways. Every time I think to myself ""Hey, beating the game with 'x' strategy was really fun and stuff, how am I gonna do it differently from here on out?"" until I end up thinking that way about my new build as I move through the desolate Talos I.Personally, I thought the story and lore within this game was fantastic. It reminded me a bit of Bioshock, in that the bare minimum of story is found along the main quest, but through atmosphere and audio logs found just off the beaten path you could learn so much more about the real goings on, all the little details. Not to mention all the little details I hadn't noticed on previous playthroughs, there's a lot more hints in the environment, both about story and even little side missions, than you'd expect.If there's one thing that Arkane consistently does incredibly well, it's variable gameplay. Much like the Dishonored games, Prey is a game that can be played in a multitude of ways, and every way is fun as hell and pretty darn effective throughout the entire game. Unike some other games where the playstyles are limited, Prey is a game easily tackled by a variety of strategies, with most having no real significant advantage over others besides familiarity. The gameplay was fun, engaging, and definitely tense. The environmental factor that anything in the environment COULD be an enemy was a lot less jump-scary than I had expected it to be, especially once you picked up on the few ""tells"" that mimiced objects could present. Really, it was like a single player prophunt sometimes.The currency/exp system was an incredibly cool touch. The basics of it are simple: rip organs out of your enemies and pick up trash in the environments, recycle those into base materials, use a crazy cool 3-D printer to print ammo or med kits or skill points! Whatever you have a blueprint for, you can print. Endlessly satisfying to scoop up all the raw materials after dumping junk into a Recyler, and the 3-D Printer is so completely absurdly sci-fi in its operation that I can't help but be amazed.Overall, I absolutely loved this game, and will continue to play it for quite a while. I'd highly reccommend it to anyone who likes good sci-fi, and encourage anyone who didn't finish it to do so, just for the closure."
76561197995750629,Recommended,480490,32193014,Posted: 4 June,all,RawMatter64,"Bioshock + Deus ExPrey offers an up an incredible sense of player freedom in interacting and exploring its wonderfully realized environments. This is a game world that bleeds style and it’s an absolute blast to navigate and explore its richly detailed rooms, uncovering secrets and items in every available nook and cranny.In the tradition of the System Shock, Bioshock, and Deus Ex series, the combat is suitably clunky. This is by no means a knock against the title. Each engagement is more a mental test than a dextrous one. It’s about pouring upgrades into weapons and abilities, not positioning and movement. In short, this is not Doom (another outstanding title, by the way) nor is it meant to be. While there are shooting mechanics that make up a bulk of the gameplay, this is not a shooter in the traditional sense.This is really an experience that’s built organically by the player’s willingness to explore. Hours were spent merely exploring the Talos station, jumping up into out of the way spaces, and setting in motion quests I’d no initial introduction to. While there is certainly a story that propels the player deeper and deeper into the station, most of the station itself is open to player to explore at his or her leisure. And in that same sense, the gameplay and how it unfolds is left up largely to the player. This is really a game about freedom in the strictest sense, from allowing the player to gain access to certain key areas in a number of different ways, to deciding the fate of other characters, to developing a character that focuses more on traditional combat abilities or one that harnesses the power of the Typhon. It’s an amazing experience, beginning to end, and one of the best games I have played this year."
76561198109333774,Recommended,480490,31607283,Posted: 7 May,all,♠C-Troll | Quest For Red,"I was seriously sceptical about this game as I am not a big fan of the work the creators have previously done (like Dishonored) but I read that it's like Bioshock and decided to have a go... Not dissappointed!If you'd like to have the same feeling of visiting Rapture for the first time, definitely get this!"
76561197970078168,Recommended,480490,32196720,Posted: 5 June,all,hermetico,"Mixed sensations.If you were waiting for Prey 2, you will be probably very disapointed at the beginning of the game.This one has nothing to see with Prey, they could named it anything else.The game takes a pich of every successfull game and mixes everything together.The beginning of the story remembers me to the first Half Life.The user interface remembers me to Deux Ex (which interface I personally hate).Game mechanics seem very similar to Bioshock.The Engine is the CryEngine.So... is it Prey?. Not, it isn't.Is it good?. Well, once you forget Prey, it's a good game by itself.Only complains are related to an excesive amount of commands, that could be easily simplified (as it happens to  Deux Ex or Far Cry) and difficult to identify objectives (you can be missed, walking as a mad without finding the objective).  Also, there is a good lack of ammo and, not easy to make new.I'm now in the doubt to go ahead (without ammo) or to restart the game and change the approach. Too many monster. No ammo.Well, if what you've read above seems good to you then, buy it."
,Recommended,480490,31675985,Posted: 10 May,all,MysticScribe,"I'm usually not a fan of horror games and I haven't beaten the game yet but I'm really liking Prey so far. The enviromental story telling is so engaging, I really enjoy piecing together the lives of the other crewmembers before the events of the game. And it doesn't come out to say defitely what might have happened so you're really open to interpretation which I think is fun.The biggest complaint that I have is that I feel like I'm punished occasionally because I either don't have the right abilities unlocked, or I don't have enough equipment, or both. I spent an hour or more backtracking because I didn't have enough ammo to take out an enemy and open a shortcut. That was after probably another half hour at least trying to get out of a room because I didn't have enough spare parts to easily fix something."
,Recommended,480490,31714069,Posted: 12 May,all,ChuggaChuggaChugga,"Amazing experience from start to finish and it contains several different play styles. Lot's of lore, fantastic retro science fiction setting, and well optomized. (GTX 970, able to run on ultra without dipping below 60.) A few crashes, but updates have already been rolled out. 9/10"
76561198002589014,Recommended,480490,31578947,Posted: 6 May,all,-=XX=-Nephilim,"Absolutely phenomenal!The only reason why I give it 9/10 is lack of true hardcore / ironman mode.What I would love to see - at least on Nightmare mode! - is better, more 'realistic', more immersive save system.Game would be perfect if there was optional no auto-save 'ironman' mode where we need to find some kind of 'save game' cards on Talos that we can use on computer terminals to save our progress. They would obviously be usable items so once you use your 'save card' it is gone from your inventory and you can't save the game until you find another one.Or perhaps some 'save game pods' that are scattered around the station as the only places where we can save our progress.Anything down this line would make me super happy :)Add this feature via patch / update or even DLC and it would be pure GOTY 10/10 in my books!"
76561198068318962,Recommended,480490,31569120,Posted: 5 May,all,Novah,Is gud goim lots o spookles
76561198007867985,Recommended,480490,31734331,Posted: 13 May,all,Lyben47,Game's dope.
76561198065637206,Recommended,480490,31606888,Posted: 7 May,all,The Fool,"Good fun game, Pretty good graphics, intresting gameplay and awesome complex story. Lots of back tracking but none of it feels pointless, usually fits into the flow of the game quite well. Combat is varied and theres a ton of ways to go about doing things. You can get cool powers that range from teleporting and mimicry to high tier regeneration and slinging lightning.I played through the game mainly focusing on utility, hacking and repair though I had plenty of points to invest into other abilities where necassary. What I found though was that an abundance of abilties doesnt make the game too much easier, it just gives you way more options for moving forwards.Very similar to the newer Deux Ex games and at some points has a creepy aliens feel to it. I think you you were to play this game on a higher difficulty with low brightness and a dark room it would pass for a decent horror/sci fi rpg."
,Recommended,480490,31798485,Posted: 16 May,all,🅰🆅🅴🅽🅶🅴🅳,"I rarely, if ever, post a review about anything.However, I feel that this game is criminally underrated; Prey is definitely the spiritual successor to Bioshock/System Shock/Dishonored.I'll admit to a certain few things; the combat system is nothing to write home about, the powers aren't all that innovative, and some mechanics could have certainly used better working out.However, this game is more than the sum of its parts; everything comes together in a way that gives more than what is at face value. There's a lot to do, lots of different challenges, and an engrossing story with a meta plot.Arkane paid special attention to its environments and atmosphere and put subtle hints about the world at large in Prey. This is where the subtle gamer will find great appreciation; the game is often implicit in how it communicates to the player, preferring not to outright state things, but allow the player to read the subtext and the meaning hidden behind the words. Objects in certain places with no clear purpose tell unwritten stories about what happened, who it happened to, what might have been.I appreciate this game not for its shortcomings, but for its excellence in these small details. They add up.The contemplative gamer will find a game to appreciate in Prey and I recommend it to anyone; support the devs and hopefully we can see a Prey 2 one day that'll not only be as great as the original, but surpass it."
,Recommended,480490,32975954,Posted: 28 June,all,AwooDeathSquads,I smashed my keyboard and mouse with a wrench just to be sure.
76561197969677808,Recommended,480490,32656170,Posted: 22 June,all,Hollownight Tobi,games a spook scare got sticker
76561198014461505,Recommended,480490,31560786,Posted: 5 May,all,Shrike,So now all you have to do is remake Dishonored 2 in this engine. Great game. Runs extremely well and so far the game is intriguing and intelligent. I can't wait to shoot things.
,Recommended,480490,34156183,Posted: 10 August,all,UberDoogee,"Didn't really follow the development of this game, so I knew very little going in and that's definitely the way to do it.  Caught me by surprise how much I liked this game.Pros:-Tight system-based gameplay-Approach problems and obstacles in a variety of ways-Really cool, fun abilities to level up-Doesn't shove stealth down your throat-Great environment and atmosphere-Awesome art-deco visual style-Great stories told through audio logs and emails, get to know the people you work withCons:-First hour or so is a little slow (gets better once you get to psychotronics)-Backtracking for the purpose of exploration can be a little annoying-Once you've seen all the enemies, they come off as a bit repetitiveI highly recommend this game to anybody that enjoys any of the following things: BioShock, Alien, Prop Hunt, glue, coffee mugs, and wrenches."
,Recommended,480490,34159855,Posted: 10 August,all,Bobby Steels,"This game is not a masterpiece, but it is definitely the closest I've seen a game come to that mark in a long time."
76561198057970591,Recommended,480490,32668278,Posted: 22 June,all,Takkun,Prey was a great experince for people that are fond of old school slow burn shooters. The most common criticism I've heard for this game is that it's very derivative of games like System Shock and does nothing new or innovative. While those criticisms hold water they dont really convey how these gameplay elements fit together very well. Prey isnt innovative with its mechanics but it does everything it trys to do well. Very well. In an age of Call of Duty and Battlefield clones it's refreshing to play something that respects your intelligence and doesn't let you run and gun your way through to the end.
,Recommended,480490,32620726,Posted: 21 June,all,chuckie,yeah its good
76561198040028431,Recommended,480490,32633219,Posted: 21 June,all,cbremer,"My God, I wish they had Metroid Prime on PC..."
76561198315959546,Recommended,480490,31675028,Posted: 10 May,all,Gerry,Good games run well but should be better
,Recommended,480490,34443278,Posted: 23 August,all,S7.RainbowDash,"I originally avoided this game because of all the hate it got, but when they released a demo I decided to give it a shot, from what I could see, the game had potential, so I bought it at 50% off, 40$ for a 3A game is pretty legit. It's unfortunate that this game doesn't offer any new game plus options and it offers roughly 20~30 hours of gameplay. The strong point of this game is the exploration part, the semi linearity of it and the options to go places you shouldn't necessarily be at this point in the story, also, all the side quests that offer multiple endings is great. I think the game might have been a bit confused, it had potential for being a GREAT horror game, or a hell of a good shooter like bioshock, but sadly a lack of focus and somewhat lackluster combat made it a pale copy of it only. They have a solid story and environment, strong characters and potential, it's still a fun game but not at full price, get it for half price or less."
76561198273323851,Not Recommended,480490,31593131,Posted: 6 May,all,Jack the Ranger,This game is the worse game I ever played.0/100.Don't buy.
76561198012811174,Recommended,480490,31783911,Posted: 16 May,all,Konrad Curze,Starts slow but when it picks up it gets really good.
76561198025902156,Recommended,480490,34542558,Posted: 27 August,all,(AB) Slow Moth,"I'm trying to figure out how to explain how much I love this game, but the words aren't coming to me. This review will be poor because of it, and I might change it later, but this is all I can say for now: Prey is fantastic. Easily one of the best games of the year. It's a great successor to System Shock 2. Please, do us all a favor and check this game out if you like Shock games."
,Recommended,480490,31553480,Posted: 4 May,all,build the bridge,Cool story and well optimized
,Recommended,480490,31636330,Posted: 8 May,all,zmania man,"10/10 Would beat the ""living"" crap out of my furniture again."
,Recommended,480490,31554209,Posted: 5 May,all,Crvnch,"Only an hour or two in, but this game has incredible atmosphere. The mechanics are similar to original Bioshock, but I find the setting in this game much cooler."
76561198152752694,Recommended,480490,31653104,Posted: 9 May,all,Anne Frankenstein,"Amazing game, I have hardly scratched the surface and I'm currently 7 hours in."
76561198012304704,Recommended,480490,31872813,Posted: 20 May,all,Qualia,"Really enjoying it.  Similar suspense/feel to Alien: Isolation and Soma, which I can't find in many games."
,Recommended,480490,31579823,Posted: 6 May,all,Arashi,If Bioshock and Half Life had a child = Prey :)Loving it so far!!
76561198070294896,Recommended,480490,31871345,Posted: 20 May,all,TEXAS,ITS PRETTY GOOD
76561197970615336,Recommended,480490,32692891,Posted: 23 June,all,Sandz,Really enjoyed this. Best FPS I have played in years.
,Recommended,480490,31552745,Posted: 4 May,all,CoiledPyrofire,"As of playing around 2 hours i can say that this game is very good. It plays alot like bioshock. The games performance is outstanding, i get around 100ish fps in most areas with a GTX 1070 + ultra settings. Although it performs well the games visual style is interesting i would like to see less pixelated textures especially on the weapons that are always in your face. The audio can be interesting sometimes, voices are either very loud or nearly silent, subtitles are a must have as you can barely hear some voices even when turned up to 100%.Overall a fantastic experience so far with rather minor issues.Pros:-Great storyline-Fantastic performance on release day-Variety of weapons and gameplay featuresCons:-Rather low resolution textures on some of the weapons-Strange audio with some things"
,Recommended,480490,31554172,Posted: 5 May,all,Hot Wee Wee Jefferson,"Equal parts Dead Space and System Shock with a sprinkling of that BioShock flavor.11/10 would get killed by a bar stool againEdit: I originally wrote this with about an hour of play time. After playing quite a bit more, and encountering the terrible save corruption glitch that everyone is talking about, I still love the game. I wasn't even bothered that I lost a few hours of progress. The game is just a joy to play."
,Recommended,480490,32182518,Posted: 4 June,all,Emma Bear Gnomes,"It's really fun - seventeen hours in, and I'm hardly through with the story yet. Highly recommend."
,Recommended,480490,32685722,Posted: 23 June,all,Dimethylallyl-pyrophosphate,You can mimic a mimic that was disguised as a coffee cup. 10/10 gameplay
76561198348578717,Recommended,480490,32685378,Posted: 23 June,all,uriah13,"It's been a long time since I've enjoyed a game like that.It got me hooked from the very beginning. The atmosphere is great and pretty quickly you get sucked into the story.The main quest is great and the quantity of side quests is just enough and they do not take your attention off the main quest or take too long. Actually, the side quests aren't really side quests since really affect your ending. Every little side quest gives you a bot more information about the life at Talos 1 or about the story of the game.The graphics may not be the most amaing I've seen, but they completely do the trick.The few things that bothered me are the relatively short and not very clear and satisfying endings. I was expecting an ending that will leave me speechless (since the game was building up my expectations) but the fact that you can choose your ending and that it depends on your choices along the game is fantastic.The second thing that bothered me is navigating in the exterior part of the ship. Sometimes it wasn't really clear how you can get to your destination and you got stuck somewhere.All in all, one of the best games I've played lately.The moment I finished it, I just wanted to start all over again, but this time - play a different path using a different set of skills.Play it!"
,Recommended,480490,31570925,Posted: 5 May,all,9mm_Panda,WOW....I think this is the first AAA gme i have bought in a long time with ZERO buyers remorse.
76561197974993565,Recommended,480490,31635152,Posted: 8 May,all,frunci,great game
76561198293780725,Recommended,480490,31853955,Posted: 19 May,all,Alexis,"I'm a huge fan of space exploration, so when I saw this game, a fps survival sci-fi open world game I was instantly drawn in.It was well worth the money.I even had to spend $470 to upgrade my pc to play it.No regrets.Great game!"
76561198191632397,Recommended,480490,31630820,Posted: 8 May,all,命运之剑有两道刃,Remarkable
76561198101988438,Recommended,480490,31566636,Posted: 5 May,all,loosekilla,"If you love bioshock and dead space like me then this game is perfect for you! Prey offers a ton of freedom to the player, you can go anywhere you'd like at almost anytime (no spoilers but areas get locked every now and then as part of the story but you can still return to them and complete more tasks and quests in those areas so it doesnt feel like pointless backtraking)theres a few cons in my eyes : i would have liked to see more weapons, specifically guns and perhaps a few more destructive powers or ones that can be used in real timea weapons section in the inventory screen would have been nice to keep track of things a little betterfinally i would like to see a greater variety in enemies with more variety in alien elemental powers and maybe to see mimics multiply and fuse more oftenvery few performance issues- great story10/10 (havent completed the game yet but i believe if any 2016/17 game deserves a 10 its prey.)dont trust any chairs or mugs >:)"
76561198386801975,Recommended,480490,34503984,Posted: 26 August,all,Spacekitten,"Grabbed while it's on sale, loved every minute of my first play through!"
76561198015387752,Recommended,480490,34542919,Posted: 27 August,all,eptomlin,This game is what happens when you blend Bioshock and Deus Ex. It is outstanding!
76561198076420274,Recommended,480490,31727401,Posted: 13 May,all,Thresh's Hook,"can't roll down to select Chinese from Lanuage list in steam client, why?if you enjoy free exploring or figuring out a thousand ways to bypass an obtacle,  and love to read texts and listen audios in game to know background story better,  Prey is perfect, best in my recent years.otherwise this game may not suit you."
76561198104112999,Recommended,480490,34454740,Posted: 24 August,all,Andreas,I bought this at 50% off and I think it's money well spentPros: 1) Great concept and story 2) Smooth gameplay 3) Tons of side quets 4) Exploration and looting 5) replayable 6) DifficultCons: 1) Frustrating 2) Back tracking 3) Bullet sponge creatures (at some point in game) 4) locks and key codes 5) Some achievements are not unlocking. eg Split Affinity did not work for me. 6) Cannot speed run.Finished the game with in 3 - 4 days ~ 20 hours. (Save game continues where you left off if you played the demo)
,Recommended,480490,34804857,Posted: 7 September,all,Liquidlizard,Addicting
,Recommended,480490,34672708,Posted: 1 September,all,dogatemycomputer,Amazing game.   Just the right length.   Great ending.   Worth every penny.
,Recommended,480490,31672488,Posted: 10 May,all,siggihar,"The game itself is amazing, combining many great themes.There's only 1 problem... for 60$ you expect a good campaign and multiplayer. but this game gives you, sure, a good campaign which can be replayed easily... but there's no multiplayer... it really is to expensive, you got many? buy it. you short on money? question it."
,Recommended,480490,34898005,Posted: 12 September,all,NicoLews,"The best immersive sim I had the pleasure to play since the first Deus Ex. Detailed universe, good story driven by your choice, real sense of freedom and danger (the ennemies really have a go at you every time), the sheer genius of the mimics...It was a blast, and I wholeheartedly recommend it."
76561198200489242,Recommended,480490,32134018,Posted: 2 June,all,Lilyheart,"I personally love this game, I think the story is great. I like how you can do tons of side quest and those can lead you to learning more about different characters and understanding more of the storyline."
76561198134784969,Not Recommended,480490,32137639,Posted: 2 June,all,7hiefof7ime,"So I being playing this game for nearly 30 hours, most of this time I’ve done nothing but walk from end of Talos 1 (space station where the game takes place) to the other end trying to work out which side quest I could complete while picking up every last resource I could get my hands on to make new supplies along the way.The game has two play styles, the few times where I have had enough health and supplies to have a bit of fun using the play style I had chosen, were fun ( not sure what to say with out mentioning  spoilers) and enjoyable  but the time it takes to collect resources and turn them into supplies plus the constant back tracking have made this game a chore for me. I could have used a pure stealth approach; but its an open world shooter that pushes you towards a more action based play through so hiding in the shadows and only fighting the bosses is really boring.As for the side quests most of them are pure ♥♥♥♥♥ work (go here, collect this item and bring it back) couple this with the open world, meant every time I went off exploring a new section of Talos 1 or talking to someone I would end up being give a side quest that would require me to back track through the station to collect some item that would not spawn until I have being giving the relevant quest, and enemies would re spawn in revisited section. So unless I was willing to play hide and seek with the enemy NPC I had to keep fighting my way back and forth across the same level, to collect items from rooms and sections that I had all ready stripped bear,This game also try’s clearly  to be like to Dues Ex, Bio Shock and System Shock, but its focus on action and combat while lacking interesting stealth elements; plus side quests being nothing but ♥♥♥♥♥ work makes it falls well short of the mark,  I would go in to greater detail about how this game tries to copy the aforementioned games and fails in doing so, but that would be getting to spoiler territory of far better games such as the aforementioned games.Plus I’ve keep experiencing a bug that turns my sound off, I could have lived with this if not for the above mentioned things.In the end I finished the game via a alt basic ending provided by a side quest and I have absolutely no intention of trying to unlock the other ending or trying the other play style because this one was so boring.(I hope this was useful and makes sense, as I don’t write many review)"
76561197979929069,Recommended,480490,34395182,Posted: 21 August,all,Dork,"Excellent! One of the best in 2017.Encountered only one minor bug and only flaw was absense of working mirrors. finished on hard difficulty, gave challenge.10/10"
76561198092640470,Recommended,480490,34393726,Posted: 21 August,all,Depresso,Play as a mug with achievements from killing yourself
76561198115765073,Recommended,480490,31607494,Posted: 7 May,all,Hank_Mardukas,good game!
,Recommended,480490,34631833,Posted: 31 August,all,Henster,"Oh Boy...The gameplay and story are good but the poor optimization you expect from Arkane Studios really take away alot of the experience. The story is engaging but slightly predictable. The gunplay isnt great but the powers make up for it. It feels alot like dishonored, so if you are a fan of that then i would pick this one up."
,Recommended,480490,32356095,Posted: 11 June,all,Nemecks. Timelord.,"I loved this game. It reminds me of Bioshock in many ways: you gather magic-like skills in a closed off little world filled with super geniuses. The story is great, and kept me guessing the entire time, with the endings (there are several) all feeling unique and natural for the plot.Definitely a favorite."
,Recommended,480490,34565983,Posted: 28 August,all,heirbringer,"THIS GAME. PLAY THE DEMO. If you are like me, you will stop halfway through and buy it. It is that good."
,Recommended,480490,31569496,Posted: 5 May,all,NotJeff,This game is good...it makes me want sushi.
76561198053277283,Recommended,480490,32347185,Posted: 11 June,all,chris.palusak,This game is perfect its been a game i've been looking for a long time.
,Recommended,480490,31752282,Posted: 14 May,all,Agent Frost,"i'm a ♥♥♥♥♥ and can't take scary stuff, but the gameplay is pretty nice and it runs very well on a GTX 750 ti."
,Recommended,480490,31752477,Posted: 14 May,all,DSOThorn,Prop Hunt meets System Shock
76561198285630602,Not Recommended,480490,34811460,Posted: 8 September,all,McTamany,Starts promising but gets repetitive very fast. What keeps it somewhat interesting is the skill-tree and the side quests.Typhon powers try to introduce some moral ambiguity ala Dishonored (to kill or not to kill) but ultimately fall short.
,Recommended,480490,31910790,Posted: 22 May,all,Taxidermy,"A lot like dishonored and bioshock 1. If your looking for space survival horror, I would put this above dead space, and even alien isolation."
,Recommended,480490,31912937,Posted: 22 May,all,DarkMatter2525,"This is an excellent game. I beat it yesterday, tried to move on to other games, but I just want to go back to this one. I've seen people compare it to Bioshock, and while that is valid, for me it felt more like a mix of System Shock 2 and Dishonored (then DNA of Dishonored is quite apparent).You're given quite a bit of freedom in how you handle enemies. You can shoot, sneak, & use special powers, but there's also plenty of unconventional methods like baracading, bottle-necking, throwing heavy objects, setting up traps, etc. Part of the fun for me was reshaping the environment to my advantage and forcing the enemies to fight on my terms. You have time to work, and feel like a sort of MacGyver.It SEEMS like a throw away story, but if you pay attention to all the people and messages, the ending (after the credits) will hit you hard and make you rethink everything. I loved that.The visuals are fine but not the most spectacular. That didn't matter much. The sound is terrific, very atmosphereic and foreboding. Most of the game ran very smoothly for me on high settings with a few frame rate slow downs in large areas (I'm running a gtx1080, 16gb RAM, i74820k).This isn't a run and gun type game. You have to be careful and have a plan. You have to manage your inventory and be conservative. If you liked System Shock, Bioshock, Dishonored, maybe even Thief, then you'll probably like this."
,Recommended,480490,31926275,Posted: 23 May,all,Jawneh,"This iteration of Prey is a very awesome experience overall. The story is catching from the start and keeps you wanting more and more even after finishing the game. Some of the void can be filled with all the backstories and lore of the station from emails and others. The story along with the general cryptic atmosphere and sound design are simply put delectable.Still, it's far from perfect and there were many avenues that could've been explored better. Or added onto.Inventory.Most people will probably say the inventory management is pretty great. I do agree to some extent. The problem arises if you do not get your skills to upgrade inventory space. This requires you to spend your ""skill points"" into those ones instead of others. Recycling and fabricating is a great addition to get clutter out from your inventory and make things that are useful to you, but unless you have inventory space for clutter to recycle, it becomes tedious to run around with limited space to try to gather resources for others. But worst of all, there are achievements that require you to completely ignore specific skills, including the inventory expanding ones. Which then brings us to...The skill trees.They're cut down to two main types of skills, and those into three sub-categories. Overall they're setup great and acquisition of new skills feels relatively rewarding. My cripe is with the lack of ""general"" skills that do not count for either. If you read my previous cripe about the inventory, there are inventory expanding skills tied to just one main skill tree. In addition, your suit and helmet have upgrade slots as well, and guess how those are expanded? Same skill tree as with the inventory space with three tiers to each. We're looking at 9 skills with rising skill point requirements to have all your ""potential"" unlocked. For me personally, as well as anyone who wants to get all the achievements in the game, I'm reduced to the bare minimum in upgrade and inventory space for two different types of runs for achievements. I'm half way through one of them and it's already making me dread the harder one. If some of these ones were either tied to a ""general"" skill tree or even have quests or crafting recipes unlock upgrades I would've been happier about them. I mean, apparently sticking a needle into my eye makes me able to put more microchips into my clothes and hat. Why not fabricate a suit/hat v2.0? The Boltcaster, even if just for fun lore purposes, went through multiple iterations and upgrades until you find the recipe.Mimic skill.As awesome and thrilling it is to become a banana and roll around the station, the fun skill gets reduced to being an alternative way to get through doors or equivalent obstacles. Well, after a second thought, the main thing is the slowly ticking Psi bar that prevents you from having your fun longer. And hey, if you want to have more Psi, guess where you get those? Same skill tree as with the other upgrades. And some hat upgrades give you more of it too, but I guess you first need more slots huh.So most of my cripes end up revolving around those kind of specific types of design choices. Few other things that could've been explored better.Sliding.Did you know you can do awesome slides under tables, through small gaps, into narrow spaces, and between Nightmare's legs? I only found that out towards the end of my first playthrough, and honestly it doesn't do anything. It's not a requirement for any traveling or puzzles purposes. None of the enemies are better or worse off if you slide in and/or under things. It's just a neat thing you can do that doesn't really contribute to anything.Combat.This also includes weapon variety in general. In the beginning ones you find the GLOO gun, the basic combat rotation is revealed to you: freeze/stun enemy and then shoot/whack them dead. Later in the game, you are required to do this multiple times when fighting some of the harder enemies, unless you want to either ignore them completely or down a bunch of healing items. Turrets are only fun for so long and throwing things at enemies isn't that effective. There ARE options to how to do things for sure, but there's a distinct lack of depth. The weapons don't feel enjoyable and the multiple different grenade types apart from the Recycler aren't exciting at all. But to be completely fair, it is enough for this type of game. Avoiding combat is a perfectly viable tactiv and a lot of times it's preferred. There are only a handful of instances where combat is necessary, so I can't say this is the downfall of Prey. More could've been done though.Enemy variety.Anyone who's played the game should know what I mean. There is variety through the game, but at least IMO a bit too little. Another few different enemy types would've been great. And honestly, there could've been human enemies over the mind controller and Dahl. Why couldn't I turn into a coffee cup, have someone pick me up and then I whack them with a wrench.The negatives are always easier to point out, but even with those I fully enjoyed my first playthrough. If you didn't do all the sidequests already, there's more to go back to find out. The story and lore is fascinating to say the least and after you find out how the story unfolds and what the ending holds, coming back to some sidequests and email entries make much more sense than the first time. It makes you feel happy and great when you have those moments of awe for figuring things out.Note on bugs and glitches. I haven't ran into too many that bother me. Only the one with the cursor sometimes getting stuck on the screen if you alt+tab sucked. The rest I found were mostly some small AI issues, things clipping into each other and some graphics not being loaded or even implemented. (Some of the station exterior has holes with no textures, so you see through them completely).Graphics.The game looks great. I'm happy. I enjoy pixel art, even some crappier kind, as long as the game itself plays great. Graphics to me only matter to the extent of conveing the game to the player. If it can be done in a minimalistic 2d pixely artifact mess, then so be it. If the player enjoys the game beyond that, I find it A-ok.So, great game. Play it. Maybe not do all the achievements unless you're the kind of a person that likes doing them. Restricting skills so badly for some of them just cuts down on enjoyment."
,Recommended,480490,31908917,Posted: 22 May,all,Gorgack,"So far so good!!!  I'm a big PC gamer and sadly over the past few years, I've had to distance myself from PC gaming due to quality issues such a poor ports or simply bad game design.  Dishonored 2 was one of those that I really, really wanted for PC, but considering how buggy it was (compared with Dishonored 1 wish was imo very stable) I had to drift away for a bit.  I can say I was definitely worried about dumping $60 dollars on a video game and it running horribly on my computer.  I can definitely say, without reservation, that Prey runs very well on my current PC (MSI GE60 Apache Pro-12, GTX 860M video card).  The gameplay is very fluid and I feel that this game utilizes the available resources very efficiently.  The game continues to run well even 30 minutes or an hour later, therefore it does a great job of cache allocation.  I would say that if you have a fairly game-ready system and you wish to bring back the glory days of yore when you could happily play a game on your PC, I would definitely recommend this one.  I am sorry my reviews aren't longer, I feel like hitting the ""high notes"" and getting the important concepts across.  Pluses include: great graphical design and layout, well thought-out UI layout, and an environment that's easy to interact with.  On top of that, the story line is very enticing.  Enough said, go get this game and ENJOY IT THOROUGHLY!  Side note, Agony for PC will be out soon.  Played the demo, it's AWESOME!!"
,Recommended,480490,31908910,Posted: 22 May,all,Keeper,"I think, I think I am, therefore I am Human, I think.[TranStar:] Of course you are my bright little star, You've miles, And miles…One of the best short games I ever played that was worth the $$$, was challenging and fun.Not a straight forward kill everything game...But I tried anyway.Can play the game a few different ways, your choice.I enjoyed this game a lot."
76561197967324471,Recommended,480490,31920149,Posted: 23 May,all,H.U.N.K,Probably one of the best games Iv'e played in the last 2 years absolutely gripping great voice acting and brilliant story till the end.
,Recommended,480490,31591995,Posted: 6 May,all,Bidrav,prolly the best and deepest game i have played in  quite a while. ♥♥♥♥ing amazing  just buy it...well worth the money  has  alotta  OH♥♥♥♥♥♥!!! moments and pretty visionary
76561197978311247,Recommended,480490,35283148,Posted: 28 September,all,Jebas.Crites,This is one of the best games I've played in a while. Great job all around!!!
,Recommended,480490,31678315,Posted: 10 May,all,Skelly,This game is just wowYou ever play system shock 2yeah it's thatwith excellent writtinglovely old school action rpg tropes (all characters are killable at all times and the story adapts around it)and just holy ♥♥♥♥ you gotta play this
76561198001944476,Not Recommended,480490,32132897,Posted: 2 June,all,[O]Baastax,I love the game but have to not recommend it until they fix the Talia Brooks key issue which has been open for weeks and still not fixed in the latest patch. Not sure what the hell they are doing as it should be an easy fix.
76561197979078388,Not Recommended,480490,35232177,Posted: 26 September,all,timmytoga,"I enjoyed this game for about 10 hours... then I got bored when I realized nothing new was happening. Enemies are so boring. Crafting is not interesting. Just got really bored. On the plus side, the game looks incredible and the music is awesome."
,Not Recommended,480490,35232813,Posted: 26 September,all,Cosmo,"Prey might be the most under explained game I have ever played. I feel like im just running around with no ammo and no clue on where to really go. The map is awful and the game (on hard mode) is just a search for ammo, finally getting enough then blowing it all on about 4 enemies because they do not die. A robot that heals you, but turns evil takes more shots than dark matter whatever the hell it is to die. The enviorments are cool and exploring is fun, but when it just feels like you never have enough ammo to deal with all of the enemies it where it really losses it."
,Recommended,480490,33407259,Posted: 9 July,all,Adalf Hilgers,"To cut to the chase really quickly: If you like Bioshock, you will like Prey. If Bioshock is not at all your thing, this game will be neither.First of all Arkane is very well known for making great shooters and Prey is one of them. Though significantly more than Dishonored, Prey is a polarizing game. Prey manages to excellently bring across a feeling of isolation and cosmic horror. You are surrounded by enemies in a hostile world that is doing its best to kill you in a number of ways. I found myself in situations with an interesting tension between wanting to explore, because you want to learn more about the events on Talos-1 and because you need supplies like ammo and medkits or materials, but also being afraid of moving an inch in fear of coming across more enemies that might cost me even more resources. I'm usually easily frustrated I admit, but I actually enjoyed said tension and still can very much understand how some people can dislike it.In general the game does a great job of giving you choices. Story-wise I find the the impact of my choices interesting in a very refreshing way, but with the familiar tradeoff of gaining power by having to make morally dubious decisions. The theme of choice is so prevalent in this game in that, just like in it's spiritual predecessor, you can decide on your own how much you want to learn about the world, but you will probably decide to find out as much as you can, because it is just a lot of fun to uncover everything that is hidden on the crumbling space station. The game provides plenty of scattered around audio tapes, E-Mails and other types of clues, but also a solid amount of engaging side-quests, which in general were very, very well designed. But if you already spent a lot of time completing as many side quests as you can in the beginning of the game, you tend to get served the same information multiple times and sometimes just get rewarded with barely the ammo you spent to finish the side quest itself, so the fun in uncovering *everything* definitely gets smaller towards the end of the game. Thankfully the main story can pick up the slack with no trouble.Main and side quests tend to have multiple ways to solve them every single time, fitting any type of player and any type of skillsets you decided to focus on. I can not remember having played any game that gave me so much effective choice in how I want to play the game (not just a hard and an easy way or something or the stealth and the guns blazing way).Often when you start to think about how you want to solve a particular problem you immediately notice a multitude of ways you could go about it.You have access to the GLOO gun and a jetpack, which give you a lot of mobility and it's absurd how innovative that feels for a game with a focus on exploration.As I already said you have a lot of choice in how you want to develop your character with so many abilities that you can realistically never explore everything in a single play-through. I remember that in Bioshock my friends and I all picked and focused on very different plasmids and everyone was convinced that their choice was absolutely busted and the best one, which was eye opening in the realization of Bioshock's great design and I feel like Prey has a lot of that too. I usually do not replay games, except a few of my very favorite games, but I feel like that this game gives me many reasons to do so.You not just get to develop your specific strengths in any direction you desire, but are free to approach each Typhon interaction in a different way. You can use your ""all spliced up"" body to wreck the whole place, sneak past, run out guns blazing, use machines to aid you, just run past or go for a solid mix. The Typhon are merciless and especially in the beginning of the game, pretty much everything that moves and crosses your way is frighteningly efficient in taking your life or a considerable chunk of your resources. So even though you can go about it almost every way, you always have to think first! Combat might be a little ""oldschool"" (in many good and some bad ways), but it is always clever. You can never just run in or do what you always do, you always have to make a little plan before you engage and that feels really cool, but very much not like the typical AAA game and is probably a big reason why many people dislike the game and criticize the combat specifically. In that context many people criticize Stealth too, because they don't realize it's role. People expect to sneak around and get a sweet takedown, but the best you get is 200% damage on the first shot when in hiding, which is usually still very far from a kill. Stealth is something you do from start to finish to avoid engagements all together. If you think that is interesting, that game might be for you, but I accept that many people are not fond of it. Especially later in the game running away becomes the most popular tactic. Many people too will find this really stupid and strange, but it just speaks for the fear you have of the Typhons on Talos-1 and if you think that is interesting the game might very well be interesting to you.In conclusion I think Prey is one of the most underrated games recently released and a very solid atmospheric horror shooter. Even if it might not be a masterpiece in itself (but rather exceptionally solid), it is the closest to remind me of games such as Bioshock and Half-Life in a long time. It does not represent the usual swamp of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AAA games, which some might interpret as feeling too old or frustrating or not ""round"" enough in its design, but many others will recognize as a clever ""blast from the past"". If you like atmospheric horror shooters in particular, you should definitely get this game. And if you miss the oldschool shooters from just a few years ago, this will take you back and show you new ways these kinds of games could evolve today. I hope we see a lot more of this in the future.P.S.: I think that Prey has one of the best first 15 minutes of any game I have played in the last couple of years. It's so impactful right from the start and tells an even bigger story than you realize initially. I also really like that if feels like it is made specifically for the PC, which also very rare these days, but again a development I very much appreciate."
,Recommended,480490,33411258,Posted: 9 July,all,RoboticPrism,"This game kind of flew under my radar but I'm really glad I picked it up.  It generally plays like Bioshock meets Metroid Prime but with the additional movement and stealth mechanics picked up from Dishonored and a bit of prop hunt as well.Short Review:Pros:- Provides lots of different ways to solve problems- Decently size upgrade tree with a lot of abilities that can seriously change how you play the game- Immersive environment, graphics and sound design all come together really well- The ability to recycle items and 3D print new items makes everything you pick up useful to any play style- Player choices have a large impact on the ending and the way events play out- World is highly detailed, lots to find and do on the stationCons:- Not a ton of weapon choice- Limitted enemy variety- Load times were long but generally infrequent- Some easy ways to accidentally lock yourself out of achievements :(Long Review:What I found most impressive was the sheer number of ways to solve problems in this game.  Large pile of boxes blocking your door?  Maybe you can pick them up if you have the strenght leveled.  Or if not you can throw a recycler charge and blast the boxes into a pile of their basic components.  Perhaps you can bypass the door completely by shooting gloo globs on the wall and making your own platforms.  I don't want to spoil them all but there are some incredibly inteligent solutions to the problems this game presents you with.I was also super impressed with the attention to detail within the world.  Every character on the station has their own story of who they interacted with, what they do and how then ended up where they are now (either a lootable body or hiding away somewhere on the station).  And you learn all of this naturally via snooping on peoples emails and listening to their audio logs.Back tracking is a portion of this game, but they keep it interesting by providing you with new things to see and do in previous areas.  You may come back with a new key card that unlocks the second half of an area you though you'd completely cleared.  You may now have new upgrades or items that allow you to get past challenges you couldn't face before.Combat is decent in this game but not quite the highlight.  There are a limitted number of physical weapons to find on the station, but they make up for this in many other ways.  The most obvious is the addition of psi abilities, which work a lot like bioshock plasmids.  But then there are also tons of ways to interact with the world for combat too.  You can shoot gas pipes to create walls of flame.  You can grab a turret out of the nearby cabinet and set it up to help you out.  You can throw a gas tank and shoot it to quickly clear out a huge group of enemies.  The world is as much of a weapon as whatever you have in your inventory.Overall the game has a play time of about 10-20 hours for the main campaign depending on the side quests you do.  It's maybe a bit short compared to what a lot of people expect out of a AAA game these days, but it has such a high level of polish and detail that it entirely makes it worth it.  Definitely one of my top games this year."
76561198208495667,Not Recommended,480490,33140269,Posted: 2 July,all,Nocturne,"It is a game that consumed a lot of my time. I enjoyed it in the first round of exploration. But after I played it for 70 hours, it gets extremly boring. Replicated enemy, replicated routes towards the goal. Basically, it is a hybrid of Dishonered and Fallout, with neither extensive map to explore nor delicated design of every level. Then, I just lost all my interests in playing it for another 70 hours, which never happened for Dishonored.Every scenery of this game  seems so big, but so empty. With rare side ops, rare interactive NPCs, game time has been spent mainly on gathering bodies, objects that I can move around, then recycle them, instead of considering about how to get pass the level without getting caught.Besides that, why do I need a hybrid of two different types of game when I have Fallout and Dishonored to play? Can it be more enjoyable than Fallout and Dishonored? No, I don't think so."
,Recommended,480490,31635860,Posted: 8 May,all,Novabeam23,got scared by a banana. 10/10
76561197967004856,Recommended,480490,35219037,Posted: 26 September,all,MeateaW,"Best game of 2017, hands down.Gameplay: awesome.  Great flexibility in how to play, great atmosphere everything was relaly good.Plot: awesome.  Sometimes I wish they stuck with things for longer than they did, but it has a couple of endings that end up vastly different depending on your choices.Cons:  Enemy variety, there could have been more.  Overall I really enjoyed it, but if I had to complain about something it would be this.I put off buying this because I wasn't certain and heard bad things about the release.  Whatever was wrong with release was not a problem for me.  The game never crashed and no quests were broken.I am a huge fan of a clear inspiration for this game, System Shock 2, and would say that this is a worthy successor.  Maybe not as much of a home-run as SS2 was (at least back in its day! - ss2 hasn't aged well) but a clear standout for me for 2017."
,Recommended,480490,31942609,Posted: 24 May,all,loadingboy,"THIS GAMEThis is a FANTASTIC game. I'm not usually one for horror/alien type games, but I'll play this again and again because every time will be DIFFERENT. I'm on the high of just finishing it to completion, and just -- wow.PROS:- Fantastic and riveting story- Diverse cast (seriously, I never thought I'd see a lesbian relationship highlighted like it was in a AAA game)- Multiple endings- A variety of enemies - it really doesn't get boring- I know this doesn't sound like much but it's one of the best games I've played in a long time and I'm not good with wordsCONS:- The AI can be stupid sometimes, like walking off a broken platform (in their defense, it was glass and definitely wasn't supposed to be broken) but because of that I wasn't able to do one of the side quests.- Almost too many side quests to manage. I'm not a side-quest person, not when the objective is staring me right in the face, but when I'm on a side quest and get ANOTHER side quest, they just stack up.- I love the recycling/fabrication crafting system, but crafting ammo for my guns got REALLY difficult towards the end of the game, so use your ammo sparingly when you have it, and upgrade your weapons ASAP to make them stronger.TL;DRAMAZING GAME, WILL PLAY AGAIN and again and again"
76561198225896432,Recommended,480490,32123980,Posted: 2 June,all,ThePsychoCat,Very fun totes reccomend.
,Recommended,480490,33998822,Posted: 3 August,all,-=[Ñ!č✪†iЙ€]=- ✌ NØ.ЯĂģ∑ ✌,R.I.P HL3
76561198064534513,Recommended,480490,31559555,Posted: 5 May,all,1Zaners,"I've noticed how a lot of people think the game is boring, so far I have been at the edge of my seat."
76561198081307301,Recommended,480490,31570832,Posted: 5 May,all,夏洛特与花生,"Good Game,Worth it"
76561198025152048,Not Recommended,480490,33005845,Posted: 29 June,all,jnethery,"I can't recommend this. I thought I would enjoy it since I'm a fan of the genre (love System Shock 2 and BioShock), but this one just sucks. The plot is a plodding chore and there's hardly anything about the lore worth investigating that can't be summarized in 30 seconds. Your standard ""experiment goes wrong"" story lifted straight out of the Alien franchise. The ""sidequests"" in this are so disjointed and pointless.That would be fine if the game itself was fun, but I hate this combat. It's just simply annoying. The guns feel like peashooters even when upgraded, and you can essentially kill everything except for some of the larger enemies with the wrench. The ""stealth"", like everything else in this game, is shallow and isn't fully realized.Oh god, and the inventory. The inventory is a nightmare until you upgrade it fully. For some strange reason, some items *don't automatically stack*, which means if you have a full inventory you constantly need to sort it to be able to pick up material that should just stack!What's worse is all the bugs. Physics bugs, bugs where your gun randomly won't shoot, bugs where you get stuck in the geometry, crashes, save game corruption, the whole nine yards.I know a lot of people enjoyed this game, but it just felt frustrating and boring to me. The design felt schizophrenic, and there wasn't anything particularly enjoyable about it except for the freedom of exploration. Unfortunately, that doesn't make up for the rest of it.The last straw was when it just recently crashed and now it won't open again."
,Recommended,480490,31783978,Posted: 16 May,all,A Dull Black Ixian Artifact,"The gameplay is a top-notch revisit of System/Bioshock, with great visuals and an environment dense with mechanical interactions to exploit in interesting ways."
76561198041842662,Recommended,480490,32210325,Posted: 5 June,all,Your Computer,Looking forward to Prey 2
,Recommended,480490,31555923,Posted: 5 May,all,Lag,"If you enjoyed Bioshock, Dishonored, or Half-Life, give this game a chance. It blends elements of all three to create a very enjoyable game that, personally, I think is well worth the $60 price tag."
,Recommended,480490,31556051,Posted: 5 May,all,TMATV Wild Mitch,Really addictive and lots of fun. Ammo is hard to come by and it puts you into a lot of really tough situations. Could improve the long load times tho. Other than that lots of fun thus far.
,Recommended,480490,31568971,Posted: 5 May,all,Trash Mammal,"The System Shock remake came out earlier than expected. But in all seriousness, this is a pretty good game. If you're a fan of late 90s first person horror games, this game is right up your alley."
76561197970676450,Recommended,480490,31576589,Posted: 6 May,all,Marachai,Bioshock in space with a little Deus Ex thrown in for good measure. Very much enjoying the experince and certainly recommend.
76561197960432634,Recommended,480490,31591562,Posted: 6 May,all,senate,"Ok my 5 hours played so far but I am fully immersed. The artsyle, the game play are fun. The story is excellent. No spoilers hereThe only cons I can think of are the graphics aren't state of the art, but well good enough. Like poeple have been saying it's like a cross between Half-Life, Dead Space, Fallout, and Dues Ex.I can't wait to get back home and play it. If you liked a combination of those games it's absolutely worth the price. The only way it would take be is if I find out the game is short."
76561198028805054,Recommended,480490,31594165,Posted: 6 May,all,natsau,scifi-o-shock
76561197990322602,Recommended,480490,31610892,Posted: 7 May,all,dgolodni,"Like everybody already said, it's a damn good game and reminds me of Bioshock, which is amazing.I highly recommend this game."
76561197962131638,Recommended,480490,31615349,Posted: 7 May,all,Anday,"Prey - take Bioshock and put it in space, and add elements of Dead Space and Deus Ex. It's as good as it sounds and I'm hooked. I wouldn't describe it as scary (it's much less so than the recent Resident Evil 7) - it's more atmospheric with some occasional scares. If you're adverse to scary games I'd still recommend giving this one a try.The game is running well on my build, without any crashes or instability. I get around 120-130 fps at 1440p on maximum detail with the following specs:4790k @ 4.7 ghz16gb RAMGTX 1080"
,Recommended,480490,31555275,Posted: 5 May,all,WhoDrinkMyDrank,"comin from a guy who loved system shock 2, this game is a love letter to it all the way. The gameplay aspect of PREY is intuitive as hell and arkane studios really know what they are doing. as for denuvo bs i gotta say the game runs flawlessly on high even on my 1050ti. this is easily my favorite game this year so far. seriously if you have liked system shock or bioshock, this game is on par with those gems."
76561198021312757,Recommended,480490,31555850,Posted: 5 May,all,Ƶ҉Ꮎ҉₳҉,"Plays quite smooth to my surprise. No bugs encountered thus far. Please note that some enemies are very difficult to kill, but also remember you are not REQUIRED to kill these difficult enemies, just sneak your way past them till you get some uber weapons. Most importantly did not encounter any cheap jump scares, but now i have a phobia of inanimate objects."
76561198026853029,Recommended,480490,31568803,Posted: 5 May,all,KANSEI DORIFTO!?!?!?!?,"My best friend in the game is a turret, his name is Bob. I always carry Bob when I am exploring. I fix him up when he's hurt. Bob is love, Bob is life.10/10"
,Recommended,480490,31591760,Posted: 6 May,all,EmDash,"Wow, this game is pretty amazing. Creepy. Runs insanely smooth, as well."
,Recommended,480490,31639918,Posted: 8 May,all,gucci_belt,"Pretty good game, but getting boting at the 4th hour of the game"
76561198325591022,Recommended,480490,31670185,Posted: 10 May,all,Busterlad,"Love this game,it is so much fun! at first your impressed by surroundings but then you get your first message and then your off into a deep world/station/spacecraft of mystery.I was worried about inventory space but no need to worry about places to store things if your a hoarder like me.If you like exploring,deep story,crafting and scavenging,using powers to fight then this game is one for the list,if not top of.The fighting is very strange at first and im still not used to it fully but thats just me.it is fully controller compatible and feels very fluid.I peticularly like that almost every new area you come across has a variety of ways to kill or sneak.phantoms are fun but the little mimics definatley should not be underestimated as they move very quickly and,of course,they can mimic anything behind you so when you turn around to look for it you have to remember what item wasn't there when you came through that way.I could say a lot more but im losing prey time so if you dont own it,get it!"
,Recommended,480490,31968974,Posted: 26 May,all,Vinrael,The heebiest of all jeebies.Also putting needles in your eye gives you super mind powers.9/10
76561198027508317,Recommended,480490,31563681,Posted: 5 May,all,Laimis,"Played very little yet, but so far hats off to Bathesda, I was sceptical of this games port, but it runs at 120-140 fps on 1070. Awesome! so far the game has spooked me and the story intrigued me,- I want to know more! The game rewards you for exploring. Graphics aren't amazing but they are decent, and I'd take gameplay over graphics anytime! The game reminds me a little of bioshock series, but very little."
76561197991893085,Recommended,480490,31576544,Posted: 6 May,all,renboy,"I didn't like the first Bioshock when it came out because I expected it to be like System Shock but got disappointed.The amazing thing about Prey is that it actually IS like System Shock (with a bit of Deus Ex) and only has the aesthetics of Bioshock/Dishonored - I have been waiting for a game like this for a LOOOONG time. Really impressed so far.* Great and meaningful skill tree that will change the way you play or solve problems (like Deus Ex)* One huge station that you get to explore however you want (like System Shock), without having a linear levels stracture* Really impressive architecture and art design (like Bioshock/Dishonored)* Great and meaningful crafting and inventory system* Pretty challenging (playing on Hard, do yourself a favor and don't play on anything less)* Good story so far (the lore of the world is pretty unique, even if the story itself is somewhat of a 'been there done that', but still delivers)* Very imaginative weapons and tools (on top of the common weapons)* The basic enemy type will make you a paranoid, it's greatIf you loved System Shock 2 or Deus Ex, make sure to get this game - It's a rare gem that doesn't come often!"
,Recommended,480490,31610364,Posted: 7 May,all,lakmethemud,Wow.  Immediate glorious flashbacks of System Shock 2.  Loving every minute of it so far.
,Recommended,480490,31555798,Posted: 5 May,all,LakuPope,Runs like a dream. Solid 144fps @ 1080p with everything maxed!If only Dishonored 2 would be as optimized as this...
,Recommended,480490,31556064,Posted: 5 May,all,Malcav Ian,"1 Hour in and loving in the graphics are awesome the game play is smooth. The contents of the game are a bit derivative. deus ex, bio-shock and dead space. But there is always room in my life for more of those games."
,Recommended,480490,31639645,Posted: 8 May,all,Mr.Epic,"they really gotta stop giving one-way raidos to these people, i just wanna talk to some buds"
,Recommended,480490,31698420,Posted: 12 May,all,dementia (no sound),"I encountered a game-breaking bug roughly 18 hours into the game that caused me to lose several hours of saves. Quicksaves, autosaves, manual saves... none of them worked. Either the game told me that the save was incompatible with the current version of the game, or the game just hard crashed to desktop instantly. This bug was apparently quite prominent for several players, but it has since been patched and previously nonworking saves have been restored.IGN gave this game a 4/10 for this very reason. Take from that what you will.But I will say this: if this game didn't have such an incredible variety of methods to supplement its gameplay--methods that strongly persuade multiple playthroughs--I probably would've just stopped playing forever. But instead, I started a new game and took it from there without any regrets.9/10"
,Recommended,480490,31582787,Posted: 6 May,all,godly967,"If you're a fan of Deus Ex or System Shock, this is a must buy."
76561198121957002,Recommended,480490,31656891,Posted: 9 May,all,Mutebererbe,"Let me start this off by saying that bioshock is one of my all time favorite games. when i played that game for the first time it was able to make me feel the sense off fear and awe as i explored the beautiful  areas of rapture.This game made me feel that again for the first time in a while. do yourself a favor and play this game already.also for the skittish, it really isnt all that bad. just an underlying sense of fear and a few jumpscares here and there."
,Recommended,480490,31657034,Posted: 9 May,all,HeroofWinds,"It has the gameplay of dishonored and bioshock, and the plot of alien.Pretty good game, would recommend, its also very well optimized."
76561198047420216,Recommended,480490,32792086,Posted: 25 June,all,OneTrueMorty,bioshock environment+dishonored movement system
,Recommended,480490,31623188,Posted: 8 May,all,SugiKnight,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8OWmN21eeMSpiritual Sequel to System Shock & Alien IsolationIf you are fan of games like Half Life, System Shock, Alien Isolation, Deus Ex, Dishonored i think you are going to like PREY. It combines elements of stealth, puzzle, FPS and crafting. FPS is rather neat, graphics are nice, space station has lot of detail in general and the sudden sound changes bring some atmosphere there and there, but not to say OST is amazing or anything.One of the best aspects of PREY is the replaybility you get to do lot of decisions through out the game and they will play out to the ending of the game. There are bunch of side quests scattered around which will trigger maybe randomly as you progress through an area or maybe you find an email or audio log from a corpse.There is lot of customization too, most guns can be enchanted by improving their damage, accuracy, ammo capacity and so on, also there is a skill tree which lets you get alien skills and improve stamina, health and other stats.In terms of story it was rather good, but sadly some characters were not that rememberable and not iconic to be honest. It doesn't matter that much, but it could have helped things along the way. Would love to see sequel for this game in the future."
,Recommended,480490,32708918,Posted: 23 June,all,Angry Soviet,Every time I see two coffee cups next to each other I smash them with a wrench.  In real life.10/10 would be consumed by paranoia again.
76561198145589061,Recommended,480490,33978244,Posted: 2 August,all,Brny,Is it me or was this game pretty hard even on normal?
76561198012598946,Recommended,480490,34007489,Posted: 3 August,all,OpusMioda,"Wow! This game gets me all kinds of hard. It's like a Japanese version of Half-Life, or the HL3 we'll never get. This game is epic!"
,Recommended,480490,31609236,Posted: 7 May,all,Socksyyy,"Trust no one, not even your shelf"
76561198039019024,Recommended,480490,31563814,Posted: 5 May,all,Sorry,You are the underdog
76561197980199501,Recommended,480490,31563949,Posted: 5 May,all,Darth TPunk,"So I'm still learning HOW to play the game at this point but feel the need to share what ii have found so far.If you're a fan of Fallout 3/4, Bioshock, Deus Ex and Prop Hunt in a setting of Dead Space with overtures of the film Memento then you will love this!Randomly picked this up for a change of pace from all the other games I own with no real idea what it was other than the trailer - and apparently I like it enough to write a review :D"
76561198112584516,Recommended,480490,32414918,Posted: 14 June,all,Lucki,"I was able to beat the game within 75 hours. I took my time and explored and did every mission I possibly could. I tried to save everyone I could. The story is amazing, there are multiple endings, I got the ending that most people deem ""the good ending"". The graphics and sound quality really seemed advanced to me (But I'm not expert in that so take it as you will).The game is fairly blanaced, I only had a hard time when the Military operators were added into the equation. I was able to remedy this issue with some new powers quickly.You have many choices to make in this game. It answers the question: What type of perosn are you?I completely recommend the game. Buy it and shake things up like old times."
,Recommended,480490,32003850,Posted: 27 May,all,CULT|icycalm,You will feel like you are in Rapture for the first time again.Game of the Year Awards (1962-present):http://culture.vg/reviews/awards/game-of-the-year.htmlVideogame Culture:http://culture.vg/features/art-theory.html
76561198056071606,Not Recommended,480490,31639194,Posted: 8 May,all,The Real Dirty Dan,"Such a great gameJust one tiny little problem, IT ♥♥♥♥ING CRASHES EVEYTIME I TRY TO LOAD MY SAVE.Game breaking bug, don't buy this game until they fix it.fyi it only crashes when you're towards the end of the game so don't bother. Also laoding a previous save won't work it'll crash about an hour or so into it.....No i don't recommend this game, not until they fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥.."
,Not Recommended,480490,34401604,Posted: 21 August,all,donut,"I thought i was pretty good with immersive sims. Pacifist on both deus exes, not bad in dishonored.But Prey? Holy hell it's hard. Not fun kind of hard."
76561197979240236,Not Recommended,480490,32907253,Posted: 27 June,all,wildDingo,"Pros:++ Nice and long single player campaign.++ You can choose how you want the game to end. (i.e. Multiple endings.)++ OK mix of standard weapons, sci-Fi weapons and alien psychic powers.++ Can also setup gun turrets, spawn helpers, or mind control robots.++ Game ran smooth without hiccups and looked great in 4K (60+ fps with single GTX 1080TI)++ Includes a crafting system to make weapons, ammo, and other things by breaking down junk found in levels.++ Level design is huge.Cons:-- Make sure you quick save often. When Steam updates the game, it kills the whole game to do the update. Luckily, the game auto saves each area you enter which is your only saving grace until they get that fixed.-- Characters are one dimensional and forgettable. No cool factor was put into the characters including yours. :(-- Low replay-ability. Once you beat the game, you can go back a save to try the different endings, but that's it. You could go back and try some different combinations of powers, but you won't be compelled to do so.-- No multiplayer.Other thoughts:Prey was pretty cool, but I wouldn't recommend you or a friend buy it, at least at full price. Wait until it goes on sale and then it'll be worth it. Why? Well, Prey 2017 has an initial cool factor, but it doesn't have anything that'd make you want to come back and replay it, that's why I don't recommend you buy it at full price. The game does have a pretty decent single player campaign though, and it's worth picking up if it goes on sale.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------So, what were the problems?Though the campaign is decent and long, the story isn't that captivating and the characters are pretty much forgettable. Fallout 4, for example, has easily memorable characters like Dogmeat, Codsworth, the Vault Tech Salesman turned synthetic and the list goes on and on. The plot is easy too...... you wake up out of hibernation hundreds of years later in the future to see the aftermath of the atomic explosion and you have to venture out to find your lost family in the twisted nuclear wasteland. See, you probably want to play that now!As for Prey 2017, the plot starts out pretty cool, but fizzles out soon after and, by the way, the characters don't help out much either.See, the story starts out with you literally shattering the world around you which is so awesome in the beginning of the game, I don't want to spoil the beginning, but unfortunately, it stops right there!What sucks is that the opening is so cool yet they don't work off of that throughout the rest of the game with you discovering and unraveling stranger and bigger things. This is the theme they should of kept going with throughout the game, but unfortunately they don't.As for the characters, you could honestly care less about them including your own. The Half-Life series or Fallout series had NPC's that really made an effort in making conversation with your character which makes the game very enjoyable. They would also show some kind of humor like normal people do.I didn't get that feeling from this game. Though the characters did have good voice acting, I couldn't identify one NPC's personality from another. In other words, it just didn't feel engaging, so you just didn't care about them.As for the game play, again it's decent, but nothing to write home about. You'll find yourself really struggling in the beginning of the game which is frustrating because the enemies will be able to kill you in just a couple of hits. Though frustrating at first, I did like this change of pace as it forces you to think and use the environment to your advantage. However, you do need to rely on your weapons and you will soon run out of bullets since they are scarce.The game does have a crafting system where you can recycle junk and make things like weapons and ammo which is really helpful. I did find myself always in lack of one material which is needed in pretty much every recipe, so it diminishes fast! I wish you could use your excess materials to make up your missing one, but that recipe doesn't exist. :(As for the update glitch, the game shuts down completely to Windows when the Steam update happens which could result in loss of progress. It's annoying and I hope it gets fixed.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------I give this game 3/5. It has a decent single player campaign with good opening intro. It's enough to keep you engaged to finish the game though you won't look back and say ""I remember that game, it was awesome and it was worth it"" like FarCry 3 or DOOM 2016. I do wish the original Prey 2 came to fruition as this game is a huge departure from that one. Google it, it's an interesting watch. Again, if this game is on sale, it would be worth the time to play."
76561197970587166,Not Recommended,480490,34448586,Posted: 23 August,all,poganin,"- Decent, but very slowly progressing story that messes with your head all the way through, although you can see the inevitable plot twist pretty much from the start.- Way too much busywork and backtracking for my liking.- There's no straight way to your objectives. You have to go out of your way to get anywhere, which reeks of artificial padding.- Good sound direction but terrible sound engine - impossible to tell where the sounds are coming from. It would have benefitted from the use of silence to build tension instead of using jump scare sounds.- Underpowered weapons (even at maximum upgrade)/bullet sponge enemies.- Little enemy variety.- The hacking minigame was clearly designed with a gamepad in mind. It doesn't work with a keyboard at all.- Stealth doesn't really work."
,Recommended,480490,31557498,Posted: 5 May,all,Belmont,The protagonist's brother looks like Gaben.And he also wears a tight suit.What more could a man ask for.
76561198007290272,Not Recommended,480490,32994942,Posted: 29 June,all,adam.steiner,"Could have been great, but deeply flawed.  The setting is great, but the combat elements are terrible, stealth doesn't really work for much of the game, and the plot nosedives about half way through, and then keeps getting worse.  Worth buying when it gets below $15 for the first half, but definately not at full price."
,Recommended,480490,31591676,Posted: 6 May,all,Lev,"My girlfriend asked me last night why I carry a wrench around the house, what am I afraid of?I looked her straight in the eye and said, ""The M()#3&F@*$ing Mimics.""She laughed, I laughed, the toaster laughed. I smashed the toaster, it was a good time."
76561198147432201,Recommended,480490,32861491,Posted: 27 June,all,Rattenkermis,"5 minutes in.Got drunk.Threw a controller at the TV.6 hours in.Still getting drunk on regular bases.Now throwing random junk at not so random enemies (hurting, killing or just confusing them).Prognosis for 20 hours in:Still drunk.Now hurling enemies at other enemies.GOTY.10/10"
,Recommended,480490,34330162,Posted: 18 August,all,Lexi,"Modern day System Shock, more than lives up to the title. Likely has one of the more detailed and well crafted gamespaces around, something that will be lost on a lot of people. Not a game to blaze through, take your time, explore and read/listen to everything."
76561198170111323,Recommended,480490,34283327,Posted: 16 August,all,RNGesus,This game is great not much more to say.P.S. This review is Not a Mimic
,Recommended,480490,31911589,Posted: 22 May,all,A Gay Stoned Cat,"...It's a ""451"" game.If you don't know what that means, I think you should learn.  Buy it.  You're in for a ride, check your standard shooter expectations at the door.If you do know what that means, why don't you own this yet?  What the hell is wrong with you?  You already KNOW you're gonna like or absolutely love this.  You don't need to read this review.  GET OUT OF HERE STALKER"
,Recommended,480490,31575278,Posted: 6 May,all,ZiCell,You don't need to optimize your game if you don't have graphics.
,Recommended,480490,31672995,Posted: 10 May,all,SinisterScythe,"After completing the game on Nightmare difficulty, I have to say that this game is almost everything I had hoped it would be. From the combat, to the level design, even to the AI, Prey is an extremely fun and in depth game. Any situation you find yourself in there are several ways to get out of it. The amount of time I spent just exploring the game world and reading the emails and lore is astounding. Arkane studios really created an amazing game. When I put 2 hours into flying around space, I knew that it was worth the 60 dollars. This game was fun for every minute I played, fromfinding a derilect spaceship, to figuring out you were an alien all along in the end"
76561197970420070,Recommended,480490,31619304,Posted: 7 May,all,mackjsm,FINALLY.. a GOOD game..   I really enjoyed this...   a great story and fun gameplay...   You can tell that 16 year old snowflakes did not develop and design the game...
76561198027039587,Not Recommended,480490,31732582,Posted: 13 May,all,redphalanx,Really fun up until a bug left me trapped in cargo bay B until I kill all of the already dead enemies... And then the autosave system overwrote any hope of reloading to salvage my game. 18 hours in. fml.
,Not Recommended,480490,34964131,Posted: 14 September,all,Mvrak,I have to agree with the many of the critics.  The story felt forced and uninspired.   It really doesnt matter that you are on a space station.  You basically walk through the game killing black goo.  End of story. :-(
,Recommended,480490,31605809,Posted: 7 May,all,PIE,♥♥♥♥ing epic.
76561198019019053,Recommended,480490,31550943,Posted: 4 May,all,Blasto,So far my Goty for 2017
76561198062532816,Recommended,480490,31550100,Posted: 4 May,all,Matthew,took roughly half hour for me to nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥myself plus now im too scared to go make a cuppa.
,Recommended,480490,31549749,Posted: 4 May,all,Vermilion Wlad,Perfect perfomance and no subhuman controller controls.
,Recommended,480490,31594732,Posted: 6 May,all,MistiK,Freaking cups.
,Recommended,480490,31721205,Posted: 13 May,all,Citation Needed,"Make sure you do the screen calibration test when given the opportunity. Worthwhile reward.Extra:Game difficulty starts off high but tapers once you get access to weapon and suit upgrades. Prey is a fun, atmospheric FPS but it didn't really do anything new to amaze me. Ending was very meh. Very. meh."
,Recommended,480490,31628427,Posted: 8 May,all,My Life is already END,well done i just finish the game on nightmare difficult(speed run my way) but i still want to play it agianthis is very good game (as you can see im 1500 hour+ on fallout 4)im not fan of dishonored franchise(i mean arcane studio)but this i very enjoy thislevel design was COOL rarely see somthing look badbut monster in this game is NOT but it space spicies so it ok for me (they are not hardwork model for me)the story was long if i follow every clueit not open world game but i feel like itthere are not much NPC in this game most of them are corpse7/10 from me good game
76561198133669041,Recommended,480490,32702078,Posted: 23 June,all,Neo,two words-frikin amazing
,Recommended,480490,31570191,Posted: 5 May,all,Vladimir Bananas,never trusting coffee mugs ever again
,Recommended,480490,31616658,Posted: 7 May,all,OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO,"The love child of a group of DND nerds who decided to make an entire game based around their most hated nemesis, the mimic. Starring Markiplier as the main protagonist."
76561198052841121,Recommended,480490,34354769,Posted: 19 August,all,willcmoore,game is ok for the 50% off price
76561198195893599,Not Recommended,480490,34691940,Posted: 2 September,all,sonofmorrow,DXGI_ERROR_DEVICE_HUNG
76561197989230800,Recommended,480490,34339165,Posted: 18 August,all,indianprnc,"the thing i love about most negative reviews of most games... the computer that most kids play on are from wal mart kmart  or some cut rate laptop that cant play solitaire.  that being said i tried the demo, and was hooked. the game setting i used were very high with all setting max out.  i have an older alienware that i have yet to turn the setting down from very high. i was thinking of f.e.a.r when i was playing this game. i didnt have any problems stated from the other negative reviews. game is very stable.   my laptop is running windows 10 pro, 16gbs of memory, geforce gtx 965m. on can you run it, it stated that i couldnt run this ran on minimum, but i do run it on very high at 1900x1050. i get easilly 80 fps no lag.  right now i have 71 hours on the game since i got it!!!  i have now 124 hours played, i see some saying its repetitive, going in circles.  i laugh and want to say dumbasses!!!! all shooter games are circles, the same every map, even if you buy dlc its still i big circle.  this game is in space, on a spaceship, a big♥♥♥♥♥sspaceship.  so there is going back and forth.  its still a very good game.  it took time from league of legends, 7 days to die, skyrim, and fallout 4. it does take a big boy computer, no box store computer will do, unless its been upgraded."
,Recommended,480490,31892673,Posted: 21 May,all,[ A E ] WinD,"Accelerated Evolution Curator Review - A panel of 3 from AE -WinD, Grid and Paradox_Jinhttps://clips.twitch.tv/AdorableSmallDaikonYouDontSay(30 second #twitchclip) great story by Grid!WinD's Score: 9.2 (the same average as System Shock 2 on Metacritic)Paradox Jin's Score: 9.5Grid's Score: 10 Overall: 9.5Full 2.5 hour video review:https://www.twitch.tv/videos/141694530www.aeesports.pro9.5 ""Exceptional and Impressive, System Shock 2 now has a true direct spiritual successor. Sure, BioShock's franchise was a spiritual successor with the development minds behind SS2 although it drifted like Morgan in space away from what made System Shock 2 special. In exchange Bioshock 1 & Infinite create incredible Story Driven FPS experiences without the RPG mechanics. Prey brings back the System Shock 2 style inventory (which many may see as similiar to Deus Ex: Human Revolution / Mankind Divided) and a character progression system that is open ended. With that said it is not NEARLY as open ended as the Castlevania Symphony of the Night or Super Metroid vibe you get in the level design - ""Metroidvania"" has never been a perfect word to use in a review of a game. It's an industry buzzword that is over-used but in the case of Prey it is a perfect description. The world inside the game is 100% free to roam and explore if you are clever enough from the get go. It features the back-tracking that some gamers in the modern era may not like although this is a classic ""Metroidvania"" trait.Take a blender and turn it on after throwing Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, Super Metroid, System Shock 2 along with the Arkane titles (main focus on Dark Messiah of Might and Magic, Dishonored and Dishonored 2 rather than Arx Fatalis) pour it into a frosty glass and drink a shake-up of the Single-Player FPS meta.""System Shock 3"" is Prey. Prey is ""System Shock 3"".9.5/10"
,Recommended,480490,32920246,Posted: 28 June,all,CRUSTAAY,pretty good
76561198105703668,Recommended,480490,32108196,Posted: 1 June,all,RaiserExion,Who knew a wrench was better at killing aliens than a gun.
,Recommended,480490,32377978,Posted: 12 June,all,Wait for シン・エヴァン,"I guess I can say""I love Bethesda.Dishonored,Doom,Fallout.The Elder Scrolls"""
76561198067248942,Recommended,480490,31606185,Posted: 7 May,all,Spoderman,2pooky4me
,Recommended,480490,31579781,Posted: 6 May,all,"HI, I´M ALLAN",ONE OF THE BEST GAMES EVER !!!!!
,Recommended,480490,34378103,Posted: 20 August,all,Chocobo,"Feels like a lot of genres in one. Kind of like a half life, bioshock in space."
,Recommended,480490,31557874,Posted: 5 May,all,Civil Protection,"Wow, I'm shocked. Bethesda didn't ♥♥♥♥ this game up like they did with Dishonored 2. This game runs real smooth, I'm running this game on Very High with my i7-2600 and gtx 1060 6gb at 60fps"
,Recommended,480490,31622778,Posted: 8 May,all,xXxGalactic Knight BlasterxXx,"WowWent in thinking it was going to be a rideNothing could have prepped me for preyIt brought back the good old days of bioshock 1 as it felt like exploring a new, futuristic rapture and after completing it all i can say is wowAbsolutely recommend"
,Recommended,480490,31622584,Posted: 8 May,all,LeStormi,"I am loving Prey so far...It's not a horror game, but it still has a spooky amount of gameplay, which keeps you at your edge of your seat. And a BIG part of this is the sound effects and the soundtrack.. Which are spot on in my opinion! And combined with the mimic's disguised everywhere, it can give som initial scares. xDVery well optimized game from the get-go.. But then again, why shouldn't it be when made in CryEngine. ;)Gamplay and design in this game is also quite good! I love the feel of interacting with screens to craft and read mails.. It's not just the typical ""Zoom into the entire screen thing"".. it feels quite unique.Combat is fluent and can be quite challenging against the tougher enemies like phantoms, weavers and telepaths.. The use of gathering, recycling and crafting doesn't feel like chore.. And that's a very good thing, since it's vital if are gonna kill all of your enemies ;)I gotta say i disliked the ""reuse"" of the character models from dishonored.. human designs feel misplaced. But interaction with actual humans has been minimal so far, and therefore it hasn't broken my immersion.All in all a great game which deserves some love and affection! :)"
,Recommended,480490,31622557,Posted: 8 May,all,Miyu Rosewood,"If you liked System shock series,  Bioshosk by 2K Games and DIshonored by Bethesda,   you'll absolutely love  this game.If you  liked idea behind Inception movie (I'm not talking about implementation), you'll tell absolute ""yes"" to this game. Authors avoided to follow most of plot steretypes and tropes, instead they used them to confuse player. ""Looking Glass"" technology (seriously, an LG display? is that an insider joke?) gives a hint: ""Not everything is like what you see. Think for yourself"". By the way Looking Glass was name of studio that made  original System Shock, so authors made a reference to the origin of their game... ""Origin"". You get that?Unusual approach to combat, that leans toward usage of physics and abilities instead of weapon was established in Dishonored, but here it is refined, turning science into magic and magic into science. Who really can be a walking armory and hike around space station in heavy combat armor? Ammo tend to be scarce, you need food to survive and happy pills to to support your psyche. Or at least, a bottle of booze. Sorry, local Trauma Center's med repository is closed until further notice. Gravity and heavy items do kill. You are in blunt-tools-rich environment. Zero-gravity allows to move by inertia, stopping requires application of thrust in the opposite direction. Natural? I can't count games that didn't followed that rule by digits on my hands, even if I was Shiva or some other hindu god, even space sims breach that rule. Electrical discharges provide EMP, that may damage electronics and may disable energy weapons. There are psionics at play too.The sound track is actually dynamic. It reminds soundracks from horror or action movies, but those are specially orchestrated to the flow of movie, game forced to do that in real-time. Several tracks designed to flow from one to another, based on situation. It really does add to atmosphere, when you walk along space station corridor and mellow background music  suddenly gets distrubed distressed notes of what, harpycord? Not sure.There are are few bugs and glitches, some inherited from engine used for older games,  there are some things in in plot that can be seen as mistakes.. Alas, I won't tell anything about plot and  ending, there is quite a number of sidetracks and choices. some choices aren't those which most of players would do. I guessed what's going on at some point, based on small slips, but I shall leave it to you. Thus you'll enjoy a few surpises on your own, if you woudn't be able to deduce that.PS - bug workaround: if you get the glitch, where you're not able to use HUD or suit's functions (wheel, inventory, etc.) after being shocked by EMP, save and reload game at that point. Happened to me only once, and I tended to brush with voltaic powers in very very close and personal manner."
76561198299627294,Recommended,480490,31935962,Posted: 24 May,all,Just No,very cool game but there is only one problem... SO MANY LAGS. there are so much lags that i cant enjoy the game. i dont have the best computer but i have a really good one. please please please fix this so i can play it like im supposed to...
76561197975291280,Not Recommended,480490,34894833,Posted: 11 September,all,ColMustard,Lost interest and stopped playing
76561198011561350,Recommended,480490,34183364,Posted: 11 August,all,jhavatar,Sytem Shock 3
,Recommended,480490,31830589,Posted: 18 May,all,self dstrukt,First game i've played all the way through in quite awhile. Fantastic game.
76561198008117495,Recommended,480490,31910877,Posted: 22 May,all,Jake from Statefarm,"No point in moping about the space bounty hunter Prey 2 we could have gotten. THIS is the Prey we got, and thank god we did, because Prey is absolutely amazing. Prey has done what most recent game titles have failed to do for me- evoke a sense of wonder, exploration, peril, excitement, and purpose. The game plays out like Bioshock. There is always a main 'quest' which directs the flow of the story and ensures that you move on to new areas. However, the game does not constrict you to the main quest or even side quests. You are free to explore the huge sprawling space station in any way you fit. There are a lot of areas that are hidden or inaccessible, and it is up to you to find creative ways to by pass broken doors or rubble to gain access to these areas. Old school Resident Evil style inventory management is present in the game as well. The various characters you encounter are incredibly compelling and voiced perfectly. The gun play is for the most part average- nothing groundbreaking or new here. The powers are also for the most part average, except the morph ability (the morph ability is seriously amazing and adds a new level of dimension to pathfinding. You want to break into a security station to get some ammo and a shotgun but the door is destroyed? No problem. Morph into a mug and squeeze through a tiny crack in the wall!).Too many games these days simply have weak narratives and throw massive open worlds at you, where you run around performing repetitive and uninspiring tasks. Prey's masterfully crafted retrofuturistic setting, ambience, soundtrack, characters, combat, narrative, gameplay etc, made playing through Prey the most wonderful gaming experience I have had in years. Prey evoked emotions in me that I haven't felt since the first time I played Bioshock. Perfect 10/10 for me. Bravo Arkane Studios, and thank you so much for this beauty of a game you guys delivered."
,Recommended,480490,32876296,Posted: 27 June,all,Radboy16,Prop Hunt 2017 looks really good!
76561197970696572,Recommended,480490,31637287,Posted: 8 May,all,NoToS,Fun Christian game for kids!
76561197997142208,Recommended,480490,31570780,Posted: 5 May,all,Violator,Amazing Game
,Recommended,480490,31571481,Posted: 5 May,all,Baker's Tub,Its a very cool system shock tribute that I like alot.
76561197980217741,Recommended,480490,31637141,Posted: 8 May,all,Rorex,"Hahaha, Mimics man, ficking mimics... He laughed, I laughed, the chair laughed, we stabbed the chair. Lol, good times had by all... cept the chair... it an't smilen no more."
,Recommended,480490,31556058,Posted: 5 May,all,[A]mNesIa '0',The love child of Half-Life and Bioshock
,Recommended,480490,31589491,Posted: 6 May,all,Killer Kappuccino,Good game. Good vissuals. Good mimics.
,Recommended,480490,31670221,Posted: 10 May,all,Rk. Ayylien has panicked!,"Deus Ex, Dead Space, Bioshock/System Shock and Half-Life had an orgy. This is the result."
76561198078191002,Recommended,480490,31549988,Posted: 4 May,all,Thrainn,It's really fun. Buy it. Will update this review when Iv'e played more.
76561198111215460,Recommended,480490,31549922,Posted: 4 May,all,cAptAin jAck spArrow,Really a nice game this game lives up to its anticipation
,Recommended,480490,33107843,Posted: 1 July,all,buzz103096,Its cute
76561197973897976,Recommended,480490,31795058,Posted: 16 May,all,Giraf,"Great game. I really like how they did the whole hunting part where your lures really come into play. It is rare to see this kind of perfection when it comes the execution of mechanics. There are at least three other things to remember.1. The game had lots of interesting things to discover.2. What you discover doesn't matter.3. The choices you make should be reflected upon.Just as much as you enjoy life, just as much will you enjoy this journey. It is a once in a lifetime matter of fact, which can lead to wonders beyond infinity and therefore afterlife itself will be understood within this framework of thought. As the captain of Talon I mentions several times during the locked prologue: ""There is nothing to be worried about. There is just as much as man can do that does make him a man"". There is really not much else to be done."
,Recommended,480490,33200756,Posted: 3 July,all,E-Bizness,"Similar to Bioshock but with it's own flavor. Very fun, I bought it on sale and got great mileage out of it with a playthrough and a half. Not much in the way of replayability though, unless you just wanna mess around with abilities you didn't try the first time. Not a mind-blowing twist ending but not super predictable either.DLC would be great."
76561198162813491,Recommended,480490,33148840,Posted: 2 July,all,rhylos,"Simply amazing and the mind fk with the world is icing on the cake!Advice, the only way to play is in total darkness with a 7.1+ surround sound headset. Othing thing that could top this is a VR version."
,Recommended,480490,33110313,Posted: 1 July,all,Nie9001,"This game is great, gives me the feel of Deus EX and Bio Shock. I would recommend it to anyone who loves those games. Tons of stuff to do within the actual game and a seriously good story."
,Recommended,480490,33447966,Posted: 10 July,all,Axe Raider,"Absolute masterclass from Arkane. Prey has all the makings of an incredible immersive sim.- Lengthy campaign- Excellent open-world level design- Freeform quests and many interesting optional quests- Complex game mechanics involving recycling and fabrication of materials- Huge variety of skill and upgrade trees- Amazing environmental storytelling- Captivating and intriguing narrative- Consistent and deeply intertwined themes throughout the whole game- Tons of hidden areas and multiple ways to enter/exit certain sections of the map- Lots and lots of secrets to discover betwen employee interactions by scouring through audio logs and emailsThe true star of this game aren't the Typhon. It's Talos I. The space station is so beautifully constructed and so meticulously crafted that it all actually makes sense. This could actually exist in the alternate universe that the game is set in. Everything from power, oxygen, water, food, and materials has a place where it originates and expires. All the secretive research labs have a specific purpose. Every inch of the space station is intentionally designed in a really harmonious fashion. It's really, really good stuff.Gameplay is very cerebral, constantly encouraging you to experiment with new weapon and energy combos. It plays like a mix of Half-Life crossed with Bioshock crossed with Dishonored crossed with System Shock. Prey is actually quite difficult (I played on Hard) as you progress through. You really need to plan ahead and conserve ammo or find alternative ways to eliminate the threats you come across, because♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan very quickly and easily if you're not prepared. The game really pushes your creativity to the next level, forcing you to come up with new ways of playing with your upgrade trees and trying out different things all the time. Had a great time with this game. We need more of this from other devs. A+"
,Recommended,480490,33354172,Posted: 7 July,all,Commissar Draco,"Being a cup is about as exciting as you'd expect.7/10Caution, contains extremely hot coffee."
,Recommended,480490,33356811,Posted: 7 July,all,Shadow Grede,"This game was amazing. The story kept me constantly on the edge of my seat all the up until the ending. I would reccommend this game to anyone who enjoys first person rpgs, and horror fans.10/10 Would cry again at the sight of two coffee cups."
,Recommended,480490,33355777,Posted: 7 July,all,Orlanth83,"This game was fantastic. Nice atmosphere, great graphics, fantastic setting, solid RPG mechanics, good gameplay and one of the best and memorable stories ever written for games. Easily the GOTY 2017 so far for me.Some enemies might have been a bit dull or unimaginative but Poltergeists and especially Mimics are very memorable and cool."
76561197990237980,Recommended,480490,33357783,Posted: 7 July,all,diamond2a,"I know the phrase ""Spiritual Successor to System Shock"" gets thrown around alot, but this is the most I've enjoyed a everything's-gone-to-hell-plus-aliens-game-on-a-space-station since System Shock 2 way back in 1999"
76561197990248659,Recommended,480490,33565568,Posted: 15 July,all,theory5,"Good story, fun gameplay. I enjoyed the challenges it provided and forced you to think up!"
,Recommended,480490,32261076,Posted: 7 June,all,The lad -iwnl-,It's gud. I just own on on XBX1 kek
76561198047796929,Recommended,480490,32079854,Posted: 31 May,all,Flecktarn,"Prey is an outstanding game. I loved it for it's immersive environment and excellent storytelling. Exploring the environment and completing side-quests is extremely rewarding. The final ending was a slight let down, It negated some of the feelings of accomplishment I had, however the journey more than made up for the ending. If you enjoy good storytelling, immersive environments then I can't recommend this highly enough. Best single-player experience I've had in a long time."
,Recommended,480490,31833353,Posted: 18 May,all,Tygaar,"Prey was an amazing experience, especially for someone like me who loves the System Shock games. It's easily one of the best games I've played recently.I feel as though I got more than I expected from Prey. For anyone who liked System Shock 1, 2 or even BioShock, this game is worth your time. The game has amazing mechanics that are fun to mess around with. The game really allows you to use creativity on how you get things done, there are many alternate paths, hidden rooms, and much more.It's really one of those games that is meant to be played more than once. It really helps you to understand the game's world.The way the developers brought the game's atmosphere together was done in a really great way, the music (from the one and only Mick Gordon), the sound effects, everything just went together very well.The game is very well optimized for PC. I am currently running the game on medium-high on a GTX 960, Intel i7-4770."
,Recommended,480490,31593496,Posted: 6 May,all,Black Rose,YAAAAAAAS
76561197988449583,Recommended,480490,32366285,Posted: 12 June,all,axelay,This is the first game I've played since Silent HIll 2 that made me feel dread and fear.
,Recommended,480490,32376349,Posted: 12 June,all,itsACoppa,"This game is awesome, just what I would expect from the developers of Dishonored."
76561197960412116,Recommended,480490,32181708,Posted: 4 June,all,Esca,pretty great
76561198176545902,Recommended,480490,32180436,Posted: 4 June,all,mccorklem,Great game would definetly recomend playing it.
,Recommended,480490,32182610,Posted: 4 June,all,cerviceps,"The first 90% of this game is really, REALLY phenomenal,and the last 10% is unfortunately really, really bad.Like, so bad that part of me almost doesn't want to recommend the game because it left a bad taste in my mouth, but the first 90% is just so GOOD that I can't NOT recommend the game, yknow?I almost just want to say ""play it up until the ending and then stop while you're ahead and enjoy the beautiful game you just played without being ruined by 5 hours of tedious fighting against boring new enemies and a lazy, awful ending that retroactively ruins almost every aspect of the game's entire story.""As far as what I LOVED about the game goes--The gameplay is very Very fun, it gives you the typical Arkane choose-your-playstyle gameplay that I adore so much. The typhon are awesome, each batch of typhon feels like a challenge to defeat without being overly difficult (I played on Normal difficulty) or too frustrating to defeat. Sometimes you run into bigger challenges and decide to stealth it up or run away instead, and the numerous routes throughout Talos I make that really fun. There are certain areas you can only get to through one route, but a lot of areas have multiple paths leading to them (space, the ship's ""GUTS"", the elevator).The Typhon powers are by far the most interesting and fun part of combat, but the GLOO gun is also pretty awesome. A lot of iconic games have iconic weapons and I feel like this is an iconic weapon for sure. Its multiple uses make it appropriate for combat and for platforming, which lends itself really well to this style of game. My one wish with the GLOO gun is that you could gloo gloo to other gloo, because I feel like that would have opened up a whole new realm of possibilities as far as navigating levels goes!Talos I is by far the coolest spaceship I've ever encountered in a game. The architecture of it is incredible. From every angle, from the inside out, it feels like a real & unique place with a design aesthetic that isn't frequently used in science fiction. The design of the ship speaks a lot to the personalities of the people inside of it. On top of that, the interior design makes It feel very lived-in. I found the crew quarters to be the most interesting part of the game because that's when Talos I really felt like it was coming together for me as a living, breathing place with an awesomely diverse cast of characters who play dungeons and dragons in their free time and have hopes and dreams and aspirations and dramas of their own.I appreciated Prey's cast diversity a lot-- the presence of queer people and people of color made Talos feel so much richer and was so much more enjoyable. I'm always looking for game content like this and it's just so rare. Just a real breath of fresh air as far as games like this go. Arkane is doing really good work with the games they've been making lately !!As far as what I DISLIKED about the game goes--There are a lot of tiny little sidequests that are a little bit of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to complete, but that ultimately I wanted to do all of because I really liked Talos I and I really wanted to learn everything about it that I could. Ultimately these sidequests feel utterly pointless in the context of the game's ending and I'm left feeling like I wasted a ton of time trying to complete as much as I could when I really could have done without several of them.There's a lot of backtracking and the lack of fast travel can be really tedious due to the loading times of the game. In order to get to one part of the spaceship from another, you might have to go through 4 separate loading screens without any combat or any fun stuff in between. I maybe get what the game is going for here in making you memorize the layout of Talos I and work around enemies who you may not have eliminated (or get hunted by Nightmares, etc. in between) but ESPECIALLY towards the very end of the game this just became kind of an infuriating nuisance. Maybe if the loading screens had something more interesting on them this may not have been as much of an issue but ultimately I just ended up spending a lot of time checking twitter instead, and that really takes you out of the experience, yknow?I wish the use of mimesis had been a more encouraged and prominent part of gameplay, but I mostly used it to get through doors and things that I couldn't fit through otherwise. It sucks that typhon can tell it's you when you're in coffee-cup-form because I feel like that power has so much potential as far as stealthing around goes, but almost every time I tried to do it I was unsuccessful.I already touched upon this but god, the ending is so disappointing. Not just story-wise, but gameplay wise, too. Everything that was fun and good about the game is basically taken away-- you have to fight boring & difficult-to-defeatnew pain-in-the♥♥♥♥♥military-grade Operators (boring-to-fight robot enemies with annoyingly powerful weapons & armor)who are constantly seeking you out (even when you take off your tracking bracelet?), and there's basically one way to defeat them, whereas the typhon were fun challenges that could be defeated in numerous ways. I endured it for the story though, and that was really utterly saddening to me.Historically I'm not always huge on the endings of Arkane games, but this was an entirely different level. There's plot twists, and then there's this, and imo this is incredibly lazy writing that people employ when they don't know how else to end something and want to try to be clever. The ending takes away everything that was good about the story--Morgan Yu, all the characters Morgan meets and learns about along the way, all the decisions you made weren't even real, making all of it feel so empty.The game just left me feeling disappointed and sad, and not in a good way. I wish I hadn't played the ending.One last thing is that this game is the most buggy game I've played in a long time. I would not recommend playing it until they patch the Shipping and Receiving quest, which is one of the main quests needed to complete the game, which will bug out SO BAD that you can't move forward without failing that quest. It's a gamebreaking bug that TONS of people are running into (including me) that will make you have to re-do hours of gameplay in a very specific way in order to not trigger a specific event that will break your game, which is pretty unacceptable for a game that's all about playing your way.Looking at the most recent patch notes, there are like 15 bugs on there that I ran into, and yet not all the bugs I ran into have been fixed yet, which is honestly really baffling. The game is massive in scope but it feels like Bethesda really rushed Arkane into pushing the game out before it was 100% done, which is unfortunate because you can tell a lot of love and time and sweat and blood went into making this almost-masterpiece.anyway I rate Prey a 7/10 I think! would have been a 9/10 if not for the wtf-level-of-bad ending & the incredible amount of bugs I ran into"
,Recommended,480490,31649315,Posted: 9 May,all,Jaune3347,one of the best 2017 game 10/10
76561198066788499,Recommended,480490,31618486,Posted: 7 May,all,sergioengineer,"This is one of those rare games which gives you exactly what you've paid for. It's extremely well optimized, doesn't come with hidden missing features or game breaking glitches.Watch a gameplay video and if you enjoy what you see, then you should def buy this one.As I said, this is not an alpha release like many other games(ME:A?) and you won't have to wait for numerous patches before you get to experience a complete game."
,Recommended,480490,32140354,Posted: 2 June,all,TardOnPC,"Interesting game, not your typical shooter, refreshing. Use to crash at release but relatively stable now."
76561198016295627,Recommended,480490,31600415,Posted: 7 May,all,Maqlic,"The game has the right amount of horror to it, and leaves you totally paranoid of everything. If in doubt bash it!"
,Recommended,480490,31600621,Posted: 7 May,all,MrDemnoc,"Some spoilers ahead be warned!Today we are looking at Prey 2017. A first-person action-adventure game set in Talos 1, a space station orbiting around the moon. The game is developed by Arkane Studios and published by Bethesda Softworks. You play as Morgan Yu and you traveerse the station to find more about the station, yourself and what has happened. In general a fun game to play with amazing gameplay, music and very well executed theme. However the characters and story is a little lacking. There are a few glitches you will have to keep in mind but they will most likely get patched in the near future. To find out more please check out our video review on youtube.Link to the video review:https://youtu.be/Sa07ZMEN35cWe know the video is a little long! We will improve on that in our next review."
76561198013385596,Recommended,480490,31585955,Posted: 6 May,all,sovengen,"Unconventional weapons and enemies. Great level design. Perfectly implemented RPG elements. Crafting, collecting, upgrading, exploring. Great optimization and controls. Quick saves/loads really are very quick. It gives you an opportunity to test different approaches. The only thing I’m not fond of is music. It either bad or non-existent. Other than that - the game is a delight. I can’t stop playing it. I can wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone who loves old school sci-fi and action RPGs.Funny thing for me is that a lot of people wanted a direct sequel to Prey (2006). Game that was released 11 years ago and was OK, but let’s be honest - nothing special at all."
,Recommended,480490,31554282,Posted: 5 May,all,"\(""O口O)/",nice game
76561198031284143,Recommended,480490,31552507,Posted: 4 May,all,Drumsmasher10,"Performance is really good, holds 90FPS @1440p on a GTX1080.Could definitely do with some polish regarding the sounds. Often they sound too omnidirectional, making it hard to tell where attacks are coming from. Also suffers from some minor mixing issues. However, it's really shaping up to be one of my favourite games of the immersive-sim genre, it allows for lots of experimentation out of the gate, without having to sink lots of ability points into different skill trees. Has an amazing sense of atmosphere and environmental storytelling, and has one of the most amazing and explorable maps I've seen."
,Recommended,480490,31584575,Posted: 6 May,all,Beardzley,I like.
76561198031353376,Recommended,480490,31586953,Posted: 6 May,all,"The ""Geriatric Giraffe"" B-Man",Trust no one - not even your shelf
,Recommended,480490,31770887,Posted: 15 May,all,jeff,"Bioshock feel, Alien: Isolation setting, very nice SOMA inspired tech mechanics.The only thing that I can't really say I enjoy about this game is all of the side-quests. They feel so irrelevant.Not to spoil anything, but your mission is so important in this game that running around doing so many stupid side quests when the main quest is LITERALLY a matter of LIFE OR DEATH for humanity, it really gives me absolutely no motivation to want to go and do all the extra stuff that I know is just going to give me some more ammo or materials.I understand that it's supposed to give you motivation to explore this gigantic space station, but still they could have (and for the most part do) tied in the majority of the areas with the main quest, like Alien Isolation did, and be done with 80% of the side quests.Still though, I'm sure it's great for completionists and it doesn't detract much from the main story, other than the fact that you have to do quite a few side-quests if you want to upgrade through the skill tree in such a way that you can scale well with the main quest's difficulty.7/10"
,Recommended,480490,31682140,Posted: 11 May,all,Unamused Akko Boi (Polo),Bioshock in space
,Recommended,480490,33736144,Posted: 22 July,all,pubgbros/ King,"8 hrs in.It litereally feels like Bioshock 1 in space except this game has different setting - whichever one you prefer, it is completely up to you since prey setting is darn awesome, too.stylish graphics, a bit off gun play, weapon upgrades, prey's version of vending machine things, a bit off audio (not quality wise but audio levels are kinda weird - not sure if it was meant to be disorienting or what. anyway, it just feels like bioshock 1.Have you ever played a really good game and you wished there was a game just like it but with new levels, settings and improvements? well prey is it for bioshock 1."
76561198014876523,Recommended,480490,31673606,Posted: 10 May,all,mR. tOm-AtO,"Has all the hallmarks of a classic Bethesda game:- Lush, fleshed-out levels that are open to explore as you see fit.- Rich lore delievered though hundreds, if not thousands of notes and memos.- A simple yet rewarding crafting system.- Crashes to desktop every 20 minutes.9/10 Prey.exe has encountered an error."
76561198239821670,Recommended,480490,31848037,Posted: 19 May,all,TattedGRUNT,"GOTY contender for sure. I don't know what everyone else's ending was like, but mine blew my face off."
76561198036390448,Recommended,480490,31558848,Posted: 5 May,all,[BOTWG] Wolf,Runs amazing at 1440p on highest settings. Have had 0 glitches so far. Still just starting but smoothest PC launch I've played in a long time. Game is great. Invokes some thinking and freedom of how you want to play instead of most games now tell you how to play. Great game and one of the few games I'd say it's worth the 59.99 price in a long time.
,Recommended,480490,32099304,Posted: 31 May,all,AN0N ϟϟ,"This game is as amazing as everyone says. There is nothing I can add here that will make any difference, you just need to experience it for yourself."
,Recommended,480490,31613633,Posted: 7 May,all,iNova 🎮,"Well, after playing this game I no longer go near mugs.This can only mean two things.1: No more tea2: No more coffeeTo sum this all up.♥♥♥♥ mugs :)(For real tho this game is great!)"
76561198093177926,Recommended,480490,31613883,Posted: 7 May,all,Brygin,"Prey reminds me a lot of bioshock.   It is a first person shooter with implants.   Nice graphics and the mimics will make you jump out of your chair every now and then...   If you liked bioshock, you will enjoy this game too.This game is more about puzzles and thinking then just blasting away."
,Recommended,480490,31554478,Posted: 5 May,all,Grizzly Man,"Like Bioshock, System Shock, Alien Isolation, and Dishonored had a dirty threesome...but Dishonored 2 joined in last minute and forgot to take her birth control, and this beautiful game popped out.First time in a while I have been happy with a pre-order.Thank you Arkane and Bethesda...ya done did the community good.10/10Oh...and did I mention it is well optimized with no bugs? Because it is. And it is very confusing. Almost makes me uncomfortable."
76561198339346709,Recommended,480490,31632385,Posted: 8 May,all,nawaf,EVERYDOR HAS KEYCARD IN THIS GAME
76561198145687693,Recommended,480490,31746576,Posted: 14 May,all,Nicolaas9491,Amazing Ending;)
76561198083471479,Recommended,480490,31788907,Posted: 16 May,all,Hillary,i liked it. ending could be better though
,Recommended,480490,31642750,Posted: 9 May,all,L0G1STX  aka MAGA Man,"This game is bascially system shock and half life 3, with a little bit of bioschock, portal, alien isolation and dishonored two thrown in for good measure. GET IT."
76561198060857537,Recommended,480490,33345368,Posted: 7 July,all,Scylla,"Imagine a less linear Bioshock with Dishonored style graphics, you get Prey. It's pretty mediocre, nothing you haven't seen before which doesn't change the fact that it's pretty fun to play."
76561197969619753,Recommended,480490,31703726,Posted: 12 May,all,Bifford,"This game is a spiritual sequel to System Shock 2 and Bioshock.  In fact it's pretty obvious that Arkane wanted to do System Shock 3 but couldn't get the license.  System Shock 3 is instead being made by Warren Spector at Otherside Entertainment, and they have big shoes to fill, because this is a fantastic entry in the genre.The most frustrating aspect of this game is the frequent dying.  Bioshock had these respawn points called Vita-Chambers that somewhat took the edge off the frequent dying, but Prey has no equivalent.  Instead you regenerate up to 20 hitpoints.  This is still low enough for too many enemies to one-shot you.  It's a very infuriating.  Bioshock and SS2 primed me to expect healing to be a minor concern in this game, when in fact you absolutely have to use healing items as efficiently as you possibly can.Prey compensates for the lack of ammo and healing items by the stealth option.  Sadly, Arkane did not put the same level of care into the stealth aspect of the game as we see in Deus Ex, Dishonored, or Thief.  There will still be points where you have low ammo, low health, and you CAN'T sneak past your enemies.The skill points in this game come in the form of ""neuromods"", which are Prey's equivalent of Dishonored's runes and System Shock 2's cybernetic modules.  What's new here is that you can actually craft your own neuromods just like any other object in the game, so I expect that like me you will spend a lot of time obsessively scrapping every thing in sight so that you can become more powerful, at the expense of doing objectives.  Arkane foresaw this, so at some point the crafting stations will suspend the option to craft neuromods so as to oblige you to go questing.  The problem with this is that if you maxed your Hack skill early, then you can re-enable neuromod crafting earlier, and thus go right back to obsessive scrapping and crafting.  You do this by hacking your way into the neurmod manager's office and disabling the lock.  They really should have used a scripted event where you're given a keycard to said manager's office at a fixed point in the late game."
,Recommended,480490,31564991,Posted: 5 May,all,Sniffyz,"Woke up this morning, made coffee, started playing. 10 minutes later no longer trusted coffee. 12/10 GOTY"
76561198085359459,Recommended,480490,31583841,Posted: 6 May,all,Ethanfp582,"It's so Bioshock-esque, and the performance is great. Max settings never drop below 74 fps (with v-sync set to 75)"
,Recommended,480490,33771721,Posted: 24 July,all,chili_nor,"Extremely good story, worth the cash."
76561197981215990,Recommended,480490,33191111,Posted: 3 July,all,Stapler,Excellent opening that fills you with questions to continue playing. Answers come in at the right speed to allow the player plenty of time to make their own theories.
76561197970943884,Recommended,480490,31566345,Posted: 5 May,all,Sir Moonblink,"Decent graphics and i'm okay with that and the game runs super smooth on my system on very high settings. The story is intersting and the game play mechanics are fun little puzzles you need to figure our, get the right key card, learn to hack, sneak, use force, and so on.No bugs to mention either. Thanks for a good game."
,Recommended,480490,34070854,Posted: 6 August,all,TOTEM SLUT,fun
,Recommended,480490,31676076,Posted: 10 May,all,DabanUrnud,GOTYChris Avellone to System Shock 3
76561198151393816,Recommended,480490,31675741,Posted: 10 May,all,CMHcreater,"The play your own way was just so much fun for me, and the as I progressed the station continues to through more and more difficult things at me. Its just so great :D."
76561198110199870,Recommended,480490,31714121,Posted: 12 May,all,Andy Skywalker,"Прошел игру на самом сложном уровне, получилась максимально положительная концовка.Изначально отнёсся предвзято из-за названия, т.к. очень понравился первый Prey, да и по трейлерам не впечатлило. Особенно расстроили пришельцы, их дизайн. Так же был расстроен что эта игра - перезапуск вселенной.Хотя тизеры или трейлеры сиквела оригинальной игры расстроили меня ещё больше.Так вот, не смотря на всё выше перечисленное, челюсть отпала конкрэтно! Очень круто, нет слов.Давненько не выходили столь славные проекты. Огромное спасибо студии Arcane! Не жалею о потраченных деньгах на эту игру.В жанре научной фантастики я не впервые как говорится, но после этой игры я сидел, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥амшись, бураком конкретизировавшимся от положительных эмоций и крутизны игры!10 из 10, господи, 10 из 10!Спасибо!"
76561198001612771,Recommended,480490,32192185,Posted: 4 June,all,Ciwonie,"Spectacular. Spent hours playing side-by-side with my SO.From the first 15 minutes to the last second, Prey had us yearning for more everytime we put the contoller down.We're looking forward to this reboot's future!"
76561198036666426,Recommended,480490,32204558,Posted: 5 June,all,sizzlemon,Well worth a play. nice plot and great voice acting.I recommend this game to anyone who liked Half Life and is still waiing for a sequal. Its great.TIP - do all rescue the missions as soon as possible and don't waste ammo.
,Recommended,480490,31713721,Posted: 12 May,all,TheLordDoggo,"Short VersionOverall Score: 7.5Like Bioshock and Dishonored had a space baby. Story is fairly decent, with a fun twist at the end. Gameplay is fun and interesting. As I said its a fun mix of bioshock and dishonored. Right clicking uses the alien powers, left clicking uses the gun/wrench. Crafting system is one of the best things about the game, allowing you to make ammo, guns, neutromods to get new powers at will, as long as you have the materials which can be gotten by picking up garbage, extra guns, and food which can be fed into a machine to get raw materials. Sound is great at times, with some bugs. Visuals are nice and stylized. Runs well. Took 20 hours for me to beat the main game and almost every sidequest. Recommend buying now if you are a fan of Dishonored and Bioshock, recommend waiting for a sale otherwise.Long VersionStory Score: 7The story is hard to rate. For a lot of the game, you are simply carrying out the orders of a robot which claims to be operating off of orders that you have lost memory of giving. At one point another robot claims a similar thing, but this ends up having you follow basically the same path, except when their goals diverge you get an early ending, forcing you back on the first robots orders. At the end you can decide who's side to choose. Not going to explain how, but theres an after credits scene which explains that it kinda didnt matter. However, this after credits scene is also probably the best part of the story, revealing a twist that I did not see coming at all. Sets up a Prey 2 that would probably be much much more interesting.Gameplay Score: 9The gameplay is pretty damn fun. Mimics are the first enemy you will encounter, and have the ability to assume the form of environment elements like chairs and lamps. This adds a constant fear that the ammo sitting on the ground might be an enemy. Ammo is kept scarce enough that going in guns blazing will only work for a short period of time. The crafting system allows you to make more, but if you use all you materials to make shogum ammo, you will be unable to craft more neuromods which are required to give yourself more alien powers. This strikes a good balance of wanting to conserve ammo, not because you ""have to"", but because you want to. Later in the game, the amount of enemies and the stength of the enemies increases to match your improved condifence and higher level abilities. Enemies are all very unique, and each time a new one appears, you will get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you over and over again, until eventually you figure out a strategy to deal with them. Very hard to become overpowed. I tried as hard as i could to get all the powers and become an alien god, but I never managed to get enough neuromods to do that, which is honestly the best. Just when you become confident with the enemies, the game throws new varients and higher numbers at you to knock you back down. The environments are dynamic, and have the Dishonored style of mutlible secret paths and hidden loot.Audio Score: 7The audio tracks when a mimic jumps out at you are fantastic. The OST itself is very good all around. There are two issues though. First off, during noncombat times there is often no music. It would have been much better if there was a light background song, as the constant quiet does less to create more suspense and more often is just boring. Secondly, the game has a habit to start the horrific tracks whenever a mimic jumps out, and even after you kill it will countinue for 4 more minutes. Its very annoying when the threat has been gone for a while and you have heavy synth beats blaring like you are fighting a final boss. The sound effects are all along the best part, and are almost perfect.Visuals Score: 8The visuals are pretty good, not much to say honestly. They are stylized for the most part, and look nice. I never had a problem where I thought it looked bad. Nothing special however."
,Recommended,480490,31568348,Posted: 5 May,all,Beholster,It's bioshock but with meth-head levels of paranoia towards everyday objects and Gaben.
,Recommended,480490,31726650,Posted: 13 May,all,[DYN] FaCk,Bioshock meets System Shock with wonderful storytelling.It pulls you right in and offers a well balanced shooter RPG formula that demands more from you then simple run and gun gameplay.The skills and weapons add up very nicely offering a variaty how you want to encounter each situation.Buy it !
76561197993671548,Recommended,480490,32355756,Posted: 11 June,all,Black Death,Pre Sequel to metro 2033but fo real-Good textures/graphics-Challenging Puzzles9/10
,Recommended,480490,31596039,Posted: 6 May,all,The Jammer,"SGOTYThis is my Surprising Game of the Year, folks."
76561198002891678,Recommended,480490,34514776,Posted: 26 August,all,slyreaper,"Wow, I havent enjoyed a game this much since Fallout 4. If you want to know what its is like. The best I can tell you is its along the lines of the origional half life. They actually use some sound clips from the origional game and a few references including the shape of the mimics.If you like games like Half life, you will not be dissapointed.I like how just when it starts to get dull, when your just getting confortable,  something new and unexpected changes how you operate."
76561197965929510,Recommended,480490,31618491,Posted: 7 May,all,Prof. Blowhole,Old school survival/exploration FPS with great map design.  This game is everything I'd hoped it would be and more.
76561198064567580,Recommended,480490,31618650,Posted: 7 May,all,Guardian Samuel,"21 hours in. Still haven't finished. Will leave a more fleshed out review once I complete the game. For now, I recommend it."
76561197974872538,Recommended,480490,31595119,Posted: 6 May,all,leebruk,"its awesome, reminds me of half-life with a bit of deus ex"
,Recommended,480490,31730384,Posted: 13 May,all,DeadVoid,"Exploring Talos-1 gives me the same feeling as I have when i first stepped foot into Rapture. Prey has an excellent story, interesting enemies, and a combat and upgrade system that is deeper than any promotional material that I had seen had revealed. This game is an instant classic, and invokes a feeling of intrigue and a desire to finish the game that I haven't felt in a long time."
,Recommended,480490,34402699,Posted: 21 August,all,Chaotic,It's. ♥♥♥♥ing. Good. Buy it now.
76561198307478696,Recommended,480490,34404459,Posted: 21 August,all,averagejoe2307,"Ok so I've already seen a playthrough of this game and feeaking loved it so much I bought it when I could. However I am at the start of the damn game and I can not interact with anything. I tried to research it and the most I found was to set the vid settings to low which it already was at, but I changed it back and back again just incase, closed out, started a new game and nothing. Am I doing something wrong? I'm returning this damn game if i can't get past this"
,Recommended,480490,31565741,Posted: 5 May,all,Dr. Freeman,OMG RPG IN SPAAAAACE! It's fun.
76561198110380195,Recommended,480490,31608468,Posted: 7 May,all,mastermir,pretty nice game... but need a patch to clean some bug
76561198099066215,Recommended,480490,31870934,Posted: 20 May,all,Schnuffelpüh,Its like Dishonored without Levels in a fully open Space Station.. i love it.
,Recommended,480490,31871636,Posted: 20 May,all,Discount the LLAMA-GINEER,Its almost like System Shock 3
,Recommended,480490,31579862,Posted: 6 May,all,ANTFKBA™,"If you like Shooters and dishonored this is a must buy for you. Trust me this game is really good, i give it 9/10."
76561198273640234,Recommended,480490,34604803,Posted: 30 August,all,MemeBot,"The game was absolutely amazing, my computer couldn't handle the graphics, though."
76561198097953165,Recommended,480490,34703336,Posted: 2 September,all,dr jones,good game
,Recommended,480490,31617984,Posted: 7 May,all,Philly Wonken,It took me 26 hours to finish. 26 f**king hours... I haven't even done everything.
76561198016798409,Recommended,480490,32495224,Posted: 16 June,all,Kwehhh,Amazing game! Keep up the good work!
76561198089749320,Recommended,480490,32510629,Posted: 17 June,all,tekki,"FPS with 35 hours of playtime, didnt even complete all endings.damn good♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198049024984,Recommended,480490,31832212,Posted: 18 May,all,Dank-MelonS,You know your ♥♥♥♥ed when your S E X toy turns into a mimic RIP Wendy Chen.
76561198102451394,Recommended,480490,31571011,Posted: 5 May,all,Glados427,Ive played for 6 hours and its not badmaby its just me but the enemies have way too mucth health.im in the garden section and cornerd by a fire phantom and the psycic phantom and i have almost no ammohard but fun
,Recommended,480490,31570910,Posted: 5 May,all,*[I-C] DuckyD,This game reminds me alot of Half Life. A fun but challening game
,Recommended,480490,31657789,Posted: 9 May,all,Adrihado,"Really enjoyed the game. Runs great and had a good overall story. Combat can be a bit less interesting atfirst but it picks up alot a hour or 2 on into the game. Audio was amazing and level design is probably one of the strongest aspects of the game. little maintiance hatches hid away, ramdom things scattered about and tales of character interaction. The gameworld overall diddnt feel artifical and felt like it could have existed. Overall i give this game a 9/10 due to a few small issues and bugs but it is defently worth the full price.10/10 IGN would play again :)"
,Recommended,480490,31685313,Posted: 11 May,all,epicpriest117,Its alot of fun and adictive i love the story so far and the game looks amazing!!
,Recommended,480490,33290747,Posted: 5 July,all,Saber,I used to think this game was pretty scary.Then I got the shotgun.Welcome to Earth ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.
76561197993308773,Recommended,480490,32357800,Posted: 11 June,all,Sycho,"Awesome game. Story, graphics all done very well. Runs well, smooth with no crashes after 50 hours of play."
76561198054748444,Recommended,480490,32566274,Posted: 19 June,all,timjkam,i like it
76561198002174499,Recommended,480490,34468547,Posted: 24 August,all,NukaCola,Would complete the game in most empathetic way possible again.10/10
,Recommended,480490,31630991,Posted: 8 May,all,Singular,"When I played Half-Life for the first time, I was really afraid of headcrabs in the dark airducts.Now I can add chairs and washbuckets to the list."
76561198064982862,Recommended,480490,34510156,Posted: 26 August,all,Gatasku,Great Game
76561198144719896,Recommended,480490,34554408,Posted: 28 August,all,Maudy,"yu ran out of 9mms.....and shotgun shells...and Q beam cells ....,got no Gloo canisters ..no med kit, no psi injector.... nothing.... yet yu survived through hell....running around with a wrench....yu are a hero."
76561198133072105,Recommended,480490,34496199,Posted: 25 August,all,Waffle_Walrus,Amazing and challenging.
,Recommended,480490,34509514,Posted: 26 August,all,DATAMANCER,Loved this game. If you liked bioshock you will enjoy this game.
76561198059701324,Recommended,480490,34554404,Posted: 28 August,all,action- jackson,A solid 7/10
,Recommended,480490,34558660,Posted: 28 August,all,scrypso,Very nice immersive sim! Warmly recommended.
76561197994155378,Recommended,480490,31614488,Posted: 7 May,all,VonKlaus,Half Life 2 and Bioshock had a baby and wow is it great!
,Recommended,480490,33564223,Posted: 15 July,all,Grizzly,It's great!
,Recommended,480490,32331681,Posted: 10 June,all,miagolano,"Bioshock in space? You bet! But so much more. If you've played any Bethesda games, you know what you're in for - slow start, lots and lots and lots of things to explore, intriguing story, and some a really great creepy factor. I will be playing this through a few times!A few cons that are just a little frustrating: finding ammo (or stuff to make it with), getting around the station can be a bit tedious at times. Otherwise, really loving this game."
,Recommended,480490,34390103,Posted: 21 August,all,Scythe,"On a technical level everything is spectacular aside from some volume inconsistency.  There were large bugs but they're long since fixed.Level design is basically unparalleled.  Graphically very successful.  Runs well.The weapons and tools are creative, the enemies are creative, the skills are cool, the plot is fun to unravel and you get to make some interesting choices.  There are a lot of ways to navigate and kill stuff.  It's satisfying to play.The game doesn't bog you down in unskippable cutscenes.Lot of backstory lying around and the writing is largely good.  There's actually a lot of depth.Conceptually, it's hugely ambitious and it isn't a surprise that it has some flaws.  Every game that offers the player this much freedom in a huge environment is going to have some aspects that aren't as good as the others.  It isn't as good of a stealth game as Dishonored 2.  The combat isn't as tight as, say, DOOM or BioShock.It's my favorite immersive sim to date.  It's a better game than Deus Ex: Mankind Divided.  You can masturbate heavily to the original Deus Ex or to System Shock 2 if you like, but those games have not aged well.  I also think this learned the right lessons from those games and streamlined all the right things, so it's intuitive to play."
,Recommended,480490,34396777,Posted: 21 August,all,Nome :I,"Doesn't have anything to do with the original Prey, they could've made this with another name and nothing would've been different.The graphics and gameplay are good, the endlessly respawning enemies aren't."
76561198041031455,Recommended,480490,34183974,Posted: 11 August,all,tentaspee,"I can't remember the last time I enjoyed a game this much. I've played it the equivalent of two full days in the last week.Prey reminds me of System Shock, Dishonored, Half-Life 2, and Deus Ex in particular, so if you liked those games, get this one. It's graphically satisfying, well-written, funny and touching, and an all-around good time.If you, like me, aren't great at FPSes, you'll definitely find Prey challenging. It's so, so worth it, though. And it's well worth your time to replay the game after you complete it once.I'm glad I took a chance on this game, and I'd encourage you to buy it too."
,Recommended,480490,31696060,Posted: 11 May,all,✪ Missionboiii ✪,Although the game isn't perfect as it has some issues its undoubtedly in my opinion one the single player experiences i've had with a game in a long time. A must buy
76561197984684863,Recommended,480490,31796381,Posted: 16 May,all,dadapawa,"Good game!I liked the theme, going around the station felt like I was free of movement (some part were you are a bit more restrained, but goes well with the story). The story is not bad, the different area of the stations look nice and different. It really look like a research station.Enemies: there are quite a few, with some different models, so you cant use the same way to kill them all, which is nice. I will need to reveal that it was more fun at first, since the resources were thiner, I was often out of health and of ammo, and had to deal with some enemy without the good weapon to go against it (or I had to just go around it or skip the room, missing valuable loot and resources).Progression; Goes well at start to mid game, find NeuroMods, unlock skills, find resources, craft these needed ammo. But by the end of the game, I felt like nothing could stop me, and I was slashing mobs like no tomorrow since when you have all of the weapons/skill available, you can use the best in each situation. At the end, I was not scared of going face to face against the unknown like at the begining (quite a small loss of joy there).But overall, I recommand it!"
76561197993288786,Recommended,480490,31861865,Posted: 20 May,all,Invest,"It's a good and polished game although I always wanted to kick some alien♥♥♥♥♥.. I was always out of ammo and needed to improvise... well it was also fun but as an action lover I wouldn't recommend it, more if you are into the story and want to find out all secrets of the game."
,Recommended,480490,32987018,Posted: 29 June,all,LeROy,Immersive sim strike back.
76561198066946699,Recommended,480490,32985714,Posted: 29 June,all,Odah,Really good game. Has a quite Bioshock'y feel to it.
,Recommended,480490,31718026,Posted: 13 May,all,Endrogue,"I was walking around getting from point A to point B, minding my own business when a phantom around the corner i was just walking past. Having played the game for a while my reflexes kicked in and I hit him square on the head knocking him down. Turning around I spotted 3 mimics jump at me, I hit 2 out of the air and the 3rd missed me. It was then that i realized that i had done none of that, instead i had reduced the local crow population by 2 and cleaved a guy wearing all black across the face with a synthetic training sword. Following these events i convidently went to longsword practice.10/10 I HAVE THE REFLEXES OF A GOD!!!the game is fun by the way"
,Recommended,480490,32362844,Posted: 12 June,all,tomacpru,"I am absolutely in love with Prey.Prior to Prey, I  had never really played any Arkane games. I had thought about getting Dishonoured 2 but never got around to it, so I didn't know what to expect coming into this game. I had saw like a second or two seconds of a review of a really critical critic saying they liked this game , i saw the overall steam review and i watched some gameplay. I thought, well this seems interesting, why dont i get it? I knew little to nothing about the story so I was excited to learn what it was about and oh boy did my first impression of this game woo me. Within the first hour i fell in love with the game but many gamers know that after the first hhour is when bad games get boring and bad but i stayed playing the game forr another 5 hours! I had never played a game for that long  in one night other than GTA V or MGS V which are two of my favourite games of all time! Prey had me hooked. There is so much content and exploring, there are so many ways to get through a mission and different ways to interpret this game. The story is amazing and only gets better. The graphics are good but could be better, yet I can handle them. And in the end this game comes to an 8.5/10 which is one of the highest scores ive ever given a game apart from MGS V which is a 9/10. Thank you Arkane and keep making great games such as this!"
,Recommended,480490,31711089,Posted: 12 May,all,Broose,It is System Shock 3 in almost everything but enemy design and name.A good buy.
76561198002481729,Recommended,480490,31888112,Posted: 21 May,all,poleno,game of a year
,Recommended,480490,32359600,Posted: 12 June,all,School has taken over my life,"Okay, I have a lot to say about this game.This game is absolutley beautiful. The graphics are stunning and the storyline is unique and exciting. It has interesing plot twists, and so many wonderful optional quests.However, this game has many issues gameplay/ file wise.   (GLITCHES/CONS)Throughout the game I experienced glitches pertaining to Transcribes (Audio Logs) Often when I pick one up, the audio glitches and it goes in and out. Then, after the new Transcribe has finished playing the previous one I picked up plays, and continues to play over and over again. To fix this I have to open the data menu, and play and stop it several times.Another glitch I experiened pertained to the reactor ""Cutscene."" There aren't really spoilers in this paragraph, just talking about one small task you have to complete. In one of the objectives you have to shut down all the systems aboard Talos 1 and once it goes♥♥♥♥♥♥up, you have to fix an item. However, it took multiple times of me reloading my save to get this scene to work. The entire sequence of the systems shutting down would not complete, and therefor I could not access the inside of the reactor and fix the missing divertor. I kid you not guys, I had to do this almost 50+ up throughout my mulitple games.Another issue I continually experience is the disappearing of bodies, and the absence of certain items for missions. While I was trying to complete the optional Treasure Map objective, I realized I needed to go back into the Crew Quarters and find Emma's body for her map. I found this odd, because the first time I was in the Crew Quarters I searched her and didn't find it. So I returned, only to find her body not there. And along with her (and other previously mind controlled humans) A lot of those bodies were missing. Some of them I managed to save, and when I returned to the area they were found dead. I found this annoying as hell, and I even started a new game.This glitch may also be an isolated incident, and it' not game threatening. However, it's annoying. Most times after launch of the game, rather than opening to fullscreen (As I have it set to in the options) it opens filling almost 3/4 of my screen. After maybe an hour or two, granted it hasn't shut down yet, it corrects itself and reopens to fullscreen.Oh, and another thing. After installation of this game, my computer as been continually shutting down while running the game. ONLY while running the game. And this often occurs after only say, 30 minutes of playing after hours of me watching Netflix. This may be an isolated incident with just my computer, but seriously, It's annoying me a lot. And another crappy part of that is if I haven't saved in a while, all that data is lost.And the Biggest issue I have come across are my corrupted save files. So at this point of coming across this major error, I had created many a new game file due to glitches. So at this point I was pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. Then, after my computer shut down again (See previous paragraph) I loaded up the game and guess what, the last 2 hours of gameplay were lost due to a corrupted save file. And trust me, I had made a lot of progress.(PROS)This game has stunning graphics that I was honestly surprised at. The mobs are creative and extremeley difficult at a FPS noob such as myself. This game also gives you things to think about, and defnitley makes you rethink your alliances *Cough* JANUARY *cough* And question who you should REALLY trustThis game will throw you thinking about how Morgan has changed, and the personality shifts they go through. It makes you wonder what the Original YU (heheheh) Would've originally wanted. From the beginning you are told to blow up the station, that it's the ""Only way"" But as the game progresses you think about if that'd be the best option. You can connect with the other humans aboard Talos 1. You see the complex relationships between them. Danielle and Abigail, Conally's booty and that other guy. You and Mikaliah (idk how to spell it). This game is beautiful!Aside from the many cons (Sorry) This game is truly worth it. I know that theres a very high chance that these bugs are just occuring to me. I truly suggest this game."
76561198027254934,Recommended,480490,31926005,Posted: 23 May,all,Morthos,"Just beat this game.Thought the game was pretty good in the end.I would like say that I agree with most of the reviews saying that it's a mix of Half Life, Bioshock, Deadspace, ect without being as interesting as any one of those combigned.I found the fighting to be repetitive as there are only like a total of 4 or 5 monsters in the whole game. Also most puzzles and side quests are kinda bland.ALL THAT SAID. I think it was worth playing. Maybe wait till its on sale?"
76561198089913160,Recommended,480490,31917496,Posted: 23 May,all,jaykoe012,"so normally I can breeze thru games. doom took 20 hours. RE7 took 19This game is surprizing the S$$$ out of me. There are many sidemissions. and they arent just bogus, all of them tell you something about the past and your own. This was an impulse buy, but actually was one of the best purchases of the year for me. I put it on the hardest difficulty and its challenging. Strongly advise you to get this game, its so much fun"
,Recommended,480490,31924973,Posted: 23 May,all,Usikava,"Deep and interesting plot. If you like to read emails\notes and things like that it's 100% hit as story goes way deeper if you do pay attention. Developing sympathy or hatred to the station and\or personal making your moral choices interesting and adding a depth even in character development.Excellent sound and music making a spooky atmosphere even more intense. I do recommend playing this with at least 5.1 or with good headphones.Gameplay is good too. You can go on with a full force or sneak past almost everything. You can GLOO (""build"") your own path. You can use a dart gun to gain access to ""sealed"" rooms. And there is other things that you can develop in your skills to make your game even more diverse and interesting.And enemies. Well I can't remember something new, very different in the enemies for a looooong time. But Prey did it. Enemies seems to be something unseen before. How they move, hide, attack makes wonder where is your IRL shotgun and you start to tap or even smash a few things at home to be sure you are safe.10 coffee cups out of 10 =)"
,Recommended,480490,31908833,Posted: 22 May,all,the_grassninja,"Solid Bio/System Shock-like title. Has a few hitches here and there, and the ending (the ""real"" ending) was a little underwhelming, but overall was a pretty enjoyable experience."
76561197966403923,Recommended,480490,31911750,Posted: 22 May,all,RDC Spook,Great game! Enjoyed every minute. Well done Arkane Studios!
76561197999776571,Recommended,480490,31922817,Posted: 23 May,all,FistOfVeggies,"I just completed the game (right at 30 hours doing many of the side quests and lots of exploration) and here are my impressions.Overall I would recommend this game, it's a lot of fun and despite a few things I didn't like it has a really good feel. I started the game expecting Bioshock, but got System Shock, which isn't a bad thing. In the beginning combat is tough, each encounter is a math problem involving your remaining ammo and health, and whether you should just avoid it. By the end of the game though I had become a god of death, even the toughest enemies were nothing. Pro Tip:Leveled up Q-Beam and the slow time human ability make every enemy a joke, including the Nightmare. Exploration is one of the main focuses, and the level design makes it enjoyable.Pros:+Combat is solid and fun+Exploration is extremely profitable, and interesting finding the people and their various leavings+Storyline was good, with multiple endings and side quests affecting the ending+Sound is adequately creepy+Visuals are good, graphics were fine and it ran smooth on my five year old computer+Lots of ways to tackle each situation+RPG elements: enhancing your weapons and abilities is satisfying and effective, and the numerous passive mods are nice too+Crafting and recycling gave a good incentive to finding everything you could in the levelCons:-Enemy design, everything you face is either an amorphous black blob or the same floating robot-Weapon variability: maybe it's because I expected a more combat focused game, but I could have really gone for just a straightforward machine gun a couple of times, every gun and skill serves a purpose right now so there isn't much variation in combat-Inventory management and crafting got tedious at times, sometimes things you pickup don't stack properly-Zero-G areas, I didn't like doing it, the combat was tougher, I was slower (exactly how I would have expected zero gravity to work in the real life, unfortunately it doesn’t translate to fun) I found myself avoiding a couple of areas because of itOverall I would say my cons are more or less nitpicks rather than actual bad design. The game is great, if you like RPG/Shootery/Survivally type games like System Shock or Bioshock you will like this. For now I am done with it so I can get back to my life, but I will be picking it up again to try another route with upgrades and storyline."
,Recommended,480490,31916859,Posted: 23 May,all,dude still gonna flippin send it,damn dude its good
76561197993436635,Recommended,480490,31909017,Posted: 22 May,all,Geminye,"Super good game that takes advantage of the newest technology out there both for ai and graphics.No bugs and just plain fun.It's not linear.The graphics are beautiful.The artificial intelligence is intelligent.The plot and storyline, the dialogue are all entertaining and excellent.The trailers represent what you experience in the game.Oh, and you get a deep tech tree to expand your skills and powers in the game... I didn't even know we'd get that freedom with the character...Buy it already.Should be up there for a ""Game of the Year"" award easy.  Worth $60 easy."
76561197981545296,Recommended,480490,31911162,Posted: 22 May,all,Annah,"DAMN YOU JOHN F KENNEDY!!Dear God this game lol I don't know where to start.I loved System Shock and I loved the Bioshock series. This game is like System Shock and Bioshock got married and had a baby.The graphics are not the uber best of 2017 but theyre pretty damn nice and the game play is so fun, I was never bothered. Don't get me wrong, the graphics are good but you can tell they put more effort into the gameplay, story, and lore than graphics, Which is fine with me.The gameplay was spooky but not scary. I can't do scary games but this was great to play.The power ""leveling up"" system was a breath of fresh air and the powers you could pick from the Typons were so much fun to play. I couldn't tell you how many times i giggled turned into a stack of gym towels and laid low in the recreational area so the crazies wouldn't notice me. Or roll out of the bathroom as a roll of toilet paper and avoid some baddies only to roll under a broken, unaccesible door that was filled with all kinds of goodies at the other end.Want to hack your way through the station? Check. Want to BJ Blazkowicz your way through the Typhon by blasting them with holes with your shotgun, pistols, and other weapons? Check. Want to sneak by and then turn Typhon against other Typhon? Check. Want to use a Typhon's powers against them? Check. Want to just keep it pure and stay all ""human?"" Check. I mean I could go on and on with the play style. It's all here.I've played this through twice already and it's still mind blowing. And the ending. Dear God lol. No Spoilers but wow.Now, I know the websites are kind of occupied with bitter folks who are angry about what had happened with the Original Prey 2 and I get that. I know it sucks to follow a game only for it to get shelved and revisioned. It's happened to me too. However, if you let that bitterness prevent you from buying this game you are only doing a disservice to yourself."
76561198104534096,Recommended,480490,31917685,Posted: 23 May,all,rmswanhart,"so many ways to solve a task in this game. using the ductwork to sneak above enemies, fantastic"
76561197978049361,Recommended,480490,31592268,Posted: 6 May,all,Livid Weasel,"Halfway through the game (no real spoilers ahead) I was traveling through a large, zero g tube used to ship cargo through the full length of the station. I took this path because something terrible was happening and I needed to get to Life Support ASAP.And then the gravity turned on.This game is harrowing."
,Recommended,480490,31648669,Posted: 9 May,all,Dedrach,8/10
,Recommended,480490,31675474,Posted: 10 May,all,ForsakenZombi,I am having a absolute blast playing this game. If you stop by my live stream youll probably find me playing it athttp://www.twitch.tv/forsakenzombiI have been waiting so long for a game that takes me back to the half life days and this does it for me although its obviously more comparable to bioshock and systemshock. I plan to do a full review of it on my youtube channel but havent finished the game yet so I will update this review with a link to said review once I have completed it.
76561198046984147,Recommended,480490,31862430,Posted: 20 May,all,Cthulhu,Best game I have played since Half Life 2.
76561198166882543,Recommended,480490,31910607,Posted: 22 May,all,walrusiscool,"Dues ex, dishonored and bioshock combined, also it's in space. Need I say more?"
,Recommended,480490,31591379,Posted: 6 May,all,MH Silver,"loving the game, enemies are fun and not overpowered, maps are beautiful, deffinetly enjoing the fact it's what was advertised. 9/10 cuz graphical problems on my potato :P"
,Recommended,480490,31594317,Posted: 6 May,all,my_ciko,"So Prey. Even if I played the other game named the same this one has nothing in common with the old one. If in the old one you were an indian kidnapped onto an alien ship and the story basicaly was to save your girlfriend in the new one the story is completly diferent. Yeah now they add a lot of augmented parts that you can buy with the neuromods wich will grant you more health, better movement, and so on it`s like Deus EX with the praxis only here you will have the posibility to acquire even some alien powers but with some consequences. Don`t expect an easy ride. Even on easy some aliens are hard to kill if you don`t have some power or some strong weapon.Anyway a good game that runs very smoothly the loading screens are fast and the soumd track is very well done"
76561197990684392,Recommended,480490,31594563,Posted: 6 May,all,Afterburner,I feel like I'm back in Rapture for the first time
76561198252786878,Recommended,480490,31968035,Posted: 26 May,all,jesslyn82,its stuck in a black screen plz help
,Recommended,480490,31598844,Posted: 7 May,all,Niam Leeson,Pros:Getting jump scares from ordinary objects is a new experience.Monsters are challenging. Sometimes almost impossible so you have to play differently.Cons:I have to keep going back across the map multiple times for the objectives. It's frustrating and boring.
76561197961208974,Recommended,480490,31598996,Posted: 7 May,all,MadGunDisease,Excellent soundtrack that matches the pacing and combat. Back tracking rewards you with more items and then those jump scares!
,Recommended,480490,31608775,Posted: 7 May,all,stick note,"A great Si-Fi shooter, worth every penny!"
,Recommended,480490,31638511,Posted: 8 May,all,JeffCraig,Can I get some DLC plz?
76561198067854389,Recommended,480490,31638877,Posted: 8 May,all,XxX_JUGGA1O_4EV3R_XxX,Proof that you can take a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game and reboot it and have it turn out good.
76561198334224665,Recommended,480490,31669562,Posted: 10 May,all,addemu1,"great game. learn to manage inventory. sometimes there will be transcribe disks (monologues), phone calls, and music playing all while you are in combat, extremely overwhelming and cluttered. Otherwise this game is amazing."
76561198054616776,Recommended,480490,31670316,Posted: 10 May,all,Jairjax,"EDIT: I previously complained about the corruption save bug which was just recently fixed in a patch. Still a few issues with performance loss in specific areas, though since the patch the games major bugs have been solved. The game feels like a combination of Deadspace and Dishonored, a surprisingly good combo. Tons of freedom, you can explore to your hearts content. It's a slow starter, so give it time. This is especially true with the combat. When you begin playing you will almost certainly be dissatisfied with the combat, I know i was. The game addresses this later on with a variety on new psy abilities and skills making combat interesting and fun. Overall, I give the game a 8.2/10."
,Recommended,480490,31670944,Posted: 10 May,all,Microwave Crow Jerky,It's a ♥♥♥♥ing space station full of mimics. 11/10 would cower in fear again
76561197970615776,Recommended,480490,35055191,Posted: 18 September,all,PT-Eclipse,"I feel I can't write a good enough review to do this game justice, so I will make it short and to the point. This game is fantastic, excellent combat mechanics, excellent graphics, excellent story, excellent voice acting. This game has been described as the spiritual version of ""HL3"" and I would agree. There is a really well thought out skill tree with many play options and styles. I believe my only issue with the game in the end was its lack of diverse weapons. This is a minor point, but I could have seen a few more options fitting in. The plot is good, not ground breaking, but engaging. This game is easy worth full price, and def worth any sale price."
,Recommended,480490,31591446,Posted: 6 May,all,Hazmaz,"Great game, feels like Bioshock and Dead Space had a glorious baby.Sound design is what really got me, loved the music/atmosphere."
,Recommended,480490,31594524,Posted: 6 May,all,paulb3rd,"Pleasantly surprised, so far. If you like Bioshock or System Shock, you will like this game. Runs smooth as butter on the PC. No problems so far."
,Recommended,480490,31615329,Posted: 7 May,all,Heterachthes Myrrheus,Just finished the game and well what can I say. Ive been waiting for this game for awhile now. Its made by Arkane Studios one of my favorite studios ever. Prey is one hell of an experience. It is seriously such a good game. The exploration is great and there is so much to offer. The variety in play styles allows for tons of replayability. The endings are also satifying and dont leave a bad or dissapointed thought in your head. All in all this game is my #1 of 2017 so far and I really hope there is some post-release content so i can play even more. 9/10 from me
,Recommended,480490,31574780,Posted: 6 May,all,Jbot91,"If you want a tdlr here it is game runs really well on the two systems I have tried (specs below).Pros:+ Pretty game+Voice actting is great+Gameplay is tight and has different ways to go about a room+Sounds are great (other then music ♥♥♥♥ THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥ITS LOUD that is like - x3Cons:-Settings menu seem imcomplete-Story is kind of meh-Fov has to be done in config-Some bugs with Graphics-Low setting texture make game unplayable by not letting you see code left on walls and white boards.(To fix this issue but the game settings on High)____________________________________________________________________________________Desktop: FPS 60 (MAXED Settings)i7-4770K 4.4GhzNivida GTX 970 4GB32GB DDR3Game is on WD Black 2TBMacBook pro Mid 2012: FPS 26-35 (Setting below)i7-3615QM 3.2GhzGT 650m 512mb8GB DDR3Game is on WD blue 750GB____________________________________________________________________________________MacBook Graphic settings:Resolution: 1280x 800Object Detail: HighShadow Quality:HIghTecture Quality: High (has problems but because of important info not because able to be seen I have it here)Anisotropic Filtering: 16xAnti-aliasing: SMAA 1TXSSDO: Full ResolutionSSR: Full Resolution____________________________________________________________________________________Prey is a great game and for me a mix of Bioshock 1 and Deus Ex. Now because Im not a fan of the Deus Ex game that hasnt stopped me from enjoy this game alot. There is alot to do with expolring almost every room. I spent the frist 2 and 40 min in ""The Lobby"" (baiscally the second level). The story so far is alright not the best I have heard, pretty much you lost your memories because of this one guy and now you got to find out what happen. Also reading though the emails will help you understand the story better even though I hate games that do that its kind of important to do so. To finish this off I would hate it a solid 7/10 not the best game but still above normal."
,Recommended,480490,31576194,Posted: 6 May,all,OMNOMNOM,"Exploration is great, visual style is great, music suits the occasion very much."
,Recommended,480490,31576617,Posted: 6 May,all,Pilbz,"When I first tried the demo of this on PS4, I was pretty underwhelmed. After playing a good 11 hours of the game, I quickly realised that the demo does not do this game justice. The demo forces you to rush through the opening sequence by having a timer (1 hour), but this is the opposite of what Prey is all about.Prey is all about exploration. The more you explore, the more it rewards you.Littered throughout the Talos I spacestation are things called neuromods. These needles that you inject into your eye, allow you upgrade your human abilites and eventually the alien abilites. However, if you choose to use the neuromods to give yourself alien abilities, this has a negative affect as well as a positive affect. The alien abilities are extremely powerful, and great fun to use, but they have a price. If you choose to use the neuromods to use these abilities, it will cause bigger and badder aliens to come after you. You are essentially painting a big ol' target on your back.One of the main things that I love about this game, are all the little secrets that are there to uncover. For example, there is a scene where you watch a video through something called the looking glass. In this scene you are able to see the character open a hidden cache using a secret technique, but you are only able to see this if you look at the video at a certain angle.So far the story has been very intriguing and I've noticed that the more side quests I choose to do, the more I learn about what happened on Talos I.Also, just incase any people are worried about the performace, it seems to have been optomised very well. It runs extremely smooth on my GTX 970 at 1440p.I'll add more to this review as I play, but so far it is fantastic."
76561198031767706,Recommended,480490,31577248,Posted: 6 May,all,huette,"It's like a beautiful fusion of System Shock and Bioshock with a bit of  Dishonored for good measure.Scary atmosphere , interesting, enthralling Story, a cool crafting System, multiple solutions to most Problems and- most importantly -  impeccible performance. It runs at a rock solid 60 on very high Details on a 1060 and FX-6300.Great job Arkane!"
,Recommended,480490,31591319,Posted: 6 May,all,Awiedner,"I Love This Game! I Rate This Game 10/10 Because It Gives You The Feel That You Are Just Living In An Alien Infested Land With Scary Jump Scares And Quite Enogh Guns, Aliens, And Story Line To Just Simply Love It. The Main Rule Of The Game Is To Just Survive And Find Different Unique Ways To. Another Thing I Love About The Game Is The Wonderfull Story. It Gives You So Many Missions And Also Just Thoughts About The Game Even When Your Not Playing It. But Simply The Best Thing About This Game Is Really Not That It Has So Much Exitement, Story, And Jump Scares Like Dont Get Me Wrong Thats What Makes The Gmae The Game And When I Say This I Dont Mean That This Is Really Part Of The Game Like The Graphics Or Anything But The Best Thing About It Is That Simply You And Your Charecter And Mostly Every Charecter UnderStands The Value In Human Life And You Dont Have To Kill People. I Recomend This Game!"
76561198014051739,Recommended,480490,31591361,Posted: 6 May,all,sdhedeen,"A masterpiece: this is a true spiritual successor to the System Shock series, and it perfectly melds gut wrenching combat, intricate character development, and non-linear level design. Here is a game that really is worth the $60 price tag. Well done Arkane."
,Recommended,480490,31593873,Posted: 6 May,all,BigMac,"What happens if you put the best of...Half Life (stunning Storyline),Alien Isolation (Crafting, Hide&Seek&amp♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants, ""open world"")and Resident Evil (counting your rare ammo)...together? Prey was stunning good and fun to play. I missed 100% and still needed 23h on normal difficult (not putting a single skill into alien-tec wasn't easy). Even without a newgame+ option i'll play again just to see the other endings and skills I didn't pick.The only one bad part of the game, that was resulting in not-reaching-for-the-100%, are the long loading screens."
,Recommended,480490,31594388,Posted: 6 May,all,Sherbet,System Shock 2: CryEngine Edition7/7 would play again
,Recommended,480490,31610280,Posted: 7 May,all,Wintermute,"I've read a lot of comparisons to Bioshock, System Shock, Half Life, Dishonored... I agree. This game is the culmination of all those great games and the result is a fantastic, non-linear, sci-fi horror RPG."
,Recommended,480490,31615297,Posted: 7 May,all,Conger,Utterly Superb.
,Recommended,480490,31639072,Posted: 8 May,all,Darvon,Prey is the game you've been waiting for since 1994 System Shock 2. It's so good that thinking about Bioshock doesn't make me sad anymore as now it's just an unfortunate consolitis detour rather than the death of dreams.Can't recommend this game strongly enough.
76561198066195467,Recommended,480490,31639095,Posted: 8 May,all,CalebSmith,I'm having tons of fun! Edge of my seat.
,Recommended,480490,31639133,Posted: 8 May,all,perfectvolta67,"3 hours in, and the impression I am getting is a crazy hybrid of bioshock and metroid prime with some scary stuff thrown into the mix.  So far the story is pretty engaging, and also a big plus for me, you actually perform your objectives.  It's not just go to this room press A now go hear and press A.Game runs great on 980m."
76561197964110177,Recommended,480490,31639545,Posted: 8 May,all,Little Bobby Tables,"Good times. Like bioshock, but much better open concept."
76561197961386077,Recommended,480490,31669208,Posted: 10 May,all,Doomy,Ummmm ann rrrrrrr'd about buying this game then finally did. It's ok thats about all i can say.  I'll wait until a steam sale then maybe buy it again. For now i don't feel its worth the price.
,Recommended,480490,31669617,Posted: 10 May,all,imnottrent,"Love this game. Just started second playthrough last night. Runs well on my machine. Keyboard controls are quite good, the only issue I have with keyboard controls is when hacking, but I've gotten used to that, so it is not an issue anymore really. Replayability is good, the tension is still there, the jump scares, still there, even when you are familar with the layout.Would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good (if a bit easy) storyline, sneaking about, gunning down aliens, and more than a few moral choices that will effect the ending you recieve."
76561197972486707,Recommended,480490,31669780,Posted: 10 May,all,Jay,"Beautiful, well-optimized horror shooter with some cool mechanics. Too many jumpscares for my taste, and its annoying how the headcrab-like early-level enemies just teleport/warp all over the place when they attack you, so you can't really do much else than run for your life if they attack you more than two at a time.Stealthily sneaking up on enemies seems useless because even when I put a shotgun slug in a slightly stronger enemy's back it doesn't finish them off. Also, I was expecting more puzzles, but so far it's only been corridor-running, but maybe I still didn't get far enough?"
,Recommended,480490,31555501,Posted: 5 May,all,OUCH!,This game is great. Get it.
76561198046015574,Recommended,480490,31568815,Posted: 5 May,all,Ahab,"It doesn't do anything new, but it does everything well. Looking at the scheduled releases for 2017 I can't see a better candidate for GOTY, for me at least"
,Recommended,480490,31574953,Posted: 6 May,all,lama666,"An overall very good game with good mechanisms. You have the ability to craft items and approach enemies in different ways like Dishonored. Running at high settings does drop below 60 fps once and a while, and that's with a gtx 1070. Overall, story's interesting enough, gameplay is exciting. With that being said, hope to see this and maybe Dishonored 3 soon."
,Recommended,480490,31599684,Posted: 7 May,all,Frostyz,"great gameplay, interesting story, scary enemies, great world building, and fantastic performance. only issue is that FOV is locked and can only be changed through .ini edits"
76561198047455977,Recommended,480490,31608785,Posted: 7 May,all,smokeinmyeyes2,"only 5 hours in, but I'm loving it so far.The atmosphere is great, the writing is great, and the world/level design is amazing."
,Recommended,480490,31670850,Posted: 10 May,all,isRyan,"*Walks into a room**See's Five chairs around square table*""Can't fool me ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!""*Hits every chair with wrench**None of them are mimics*""Thats Odd""*Coffee cup on table turns into mimic and attacks*""Gah ♥♥♥♥!"""
76561198032947505,Recommended,480490,31671872,Posted: 10 May,all,Damien Da Spoop,"Best game to come out in a very VERY long time.Story is fantastic, very immersive and has a lot of intriging little details that get explained through exploration instead of just being shoved in your face.It's great for people of both mindsets, between enjoying story and not.If you care about the story, you can go around, reading emails,tracking people down,tracking voicelogs down.And if you don't care about the story, you don't need to read any of it except for the few things that obviously have to happen to progress.You can also have the gameplay changed depending on how you want.Human-Esque Abilities.Alien Abilities.No Abilities.Upgrade different weapons.And depending on how you play, you can change the outcome of the game. Multiple endings leads to the story happening how you want it.It's open world, so you can do what you want, you can do optional quests, find optional endings. The game plays out how YOU want it to.Definitly has a lot of replayability, due to the different playstyles you can use and different endings you can get.Reccomend getting this, even with the $60 pricetag. Definitly worth it."
,Recommended,480490,31672251,Posted: 10 May,all,Mendhak,"Never played the original Prey, so going into this with fresh eyes.  The game gave off a Bioshock/Dishonored vibe as I was playing it, only later did I read up and see that this is from the makers of those two games (this is what you get for skipping intro screens)Mechanics - lots of interesting ways for you to explore.  Exploration is pretty important as its how you are rewarded, how you find stories and solve problems.  The station is large and there's lots to do.Performance - very good.  Happy with 80+ fps on my older hardware, all graphics settings were set to highest, FOV was also set to wider than default.  Only saw some stuttering in the power plant.Environments -  the game takes you through various environments and places on the station, including the outside, so you get to try a bit of everything.  Going through the station exterior was easy and didn't really feel like a chore.Storywise - it's very very OK.  Not bad, not great either. The beginning felt tenuous in terms of premise, there really wasn't much to get you invested, you just start, sort of.  The ending felt just alright, mostly unsatisfying.  Further it may have been a rush job.For example, when  heading to the bridge, Mikhaila tells you she has overpowered Igwe, but you can go straight back to your office and they're just walking around there like nothing happened.  Igwe even calls you while doing something else in front of you..  I did however like the morality issues and judgment calls you need to make.  You have to do something and sometimes against your better judgment, sometimes you just have to stick to your original decision.Still, recommended as it's enjoyable, there's a story, there's morality issues, and there are weapons to kill aliens with."
76561198129409071,Recommended,480490,31698415,Posted: 12 May,all,MrBombsti,I love it
,Recommended,480490,35054347,Posted: 18 September,all,Dusty Crates,One of the best games I've played in the last year. Incredible attention to detail and atomsphere. Do yourself a favour and pick this up!
76561197970674613,Recommended,480490,35360726,Posted: 30 September,all,MedV,"AAA.  One of the best games I have ever played.  Bioshock in space....but better!  Story, Music, Graphics, Gameplay, all top notch."
,Recommended,480490,35454049,Posted: 3 October,all,Temez,"Prey borrows heavily from dishonored series and it shows. sneaking, ""tagging"" enemies, running and climbing are basically copied over from dishonored and it shows. weapon variety is average, there are your typical shotgun and pistol but spices it up with a gloo gun. it's nothing amazing but pretty nifty device none the less.There is also psychoscope that you can use to ""scan"" enemies and NPC:s . Unfortunalty it tags them and you can see them through walls.. i avoided as much as i could using it. in my opinion this ""see enemies through walls and markers all over them"" ruins it. Developers, please stop this stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥ i don't want you to hold my hand every single second enemy pops up.Game offered no challenge to me even when playing on hardest difficulty. There are not very many enemy types and story isn't interesting enough.This game also heavily uses backtracking. there is couple side quests that i found to be pretty good but overall prey is trying to be it's own kind of Bioshock... and FAILS HARD.is it a good game? sure, average in my opinion and when on sale, i would recommend trying it out. it isn't exactly my jelly but i can see people liking this game more than i did."
76561198018139967,Recommended,480490,31575860,Posted: 6 May,all,alecgamer4,Love it!!! The story and gameplay is Great so far.
,Recommended,480490,31594404,Posted: 6 May,all,Druleigh,"Loving this game so far.  Usually not someone who is into single player shooters, but the story is very addicting."
76561197995330943,Recommended,480490,31610611,Posted: 7 May,all,timmey17,Mick Gordon!
76561198148020123,Recommended,480490,31640194,Posted: 8 May,all,ArgonianTerror,"This is the game I didn't even know I wanted until I played it. The tension keeps me playing long past when I should stop. Haven't been this hooked on a game since Dishonored. Recommend to anyone interested in games like Bioshock, Half-Life, or Dishonored."
76561197970764389,Recommended,480490,35057021,Posted: 18 September,all,Nemrok,"Just finished Prey on hard difficulty. I have to say, this is one of the best games I've played in a while. Kind of like a Half Life 3 :-)The game is frustrating in the beginning (the enemies are unforgiving and you are pretty much underpowered), however if you make careful choices on what abilities and weapons to focus on, the game becomes more enjoyable and rewarding. This is of course based on your play style.A great game!--Nemrok"
76561197995424984,Recommended,480490,35366835,Posted: 30 September,all,Lone Gunman,"Fantastic game. Not perfect, but once I got a couple hours in I couldn't stop.Great story and very well polished.I only have a couple cons:-It took too long to really get abilities and weapons and get the ball rolling. Once it did it was amazing, but at first (the first hour or two) it seemed like it would be a letdown.-The system for directing you to an objective works, unless you have multiple queued up. It makes it a little more difficult to knock off multiple objectives at once. It's not the biggest issue, you can just set it to the one you're working on.Overall, I definitely recommend this game and hope they continue the story."
,Recommended,480490,35455356,Posted: 3 October,all,Bendar,"Always out of ammo, everytime I leave an area and come back the game thinks I've become Duke Nukem when really I had less ammo then before; And the Nightmare gave me anxiety because it was so ♥♥♥♥in creepy.10/10 would run out of ammo and fight phantoms with my wrench agian."
,Recommended,480490,31577249,Posted: 6 May,all,Moon Kestrel,"This feels like a mixture between Bioshock and Dishonored, as soon as I found the wrench nostalgia was there and I thought ""brilliant"". There are so many things to discover and it is not exactly a linear and flat space station but rather it feels full of layers upon layers of content and places to discover. The emails, messages, notes and more help make it even more interesting and the fact that there are others still alive to interact with yet it is also full of aliens. Loving it and it is one of the smoothest running games I have played in years."
76561198032045207,Not Recommended,480490,33210662,Posted: 3 July,all,Cementhead1,"This game is like buying a Rolls Royce for your commute. Yeah, it looks real nice, but you'd have more fun playing Angry Birds on the train.I bought this on sale thinking it would be a sci-fi Dishonored, but the combat was so mind numbingly boring I decided to refund it. It looks great and runs smoothly, but in the end, It just seemed like a garbage (Literally. You have to turn banana peels into ammo.) collecting sim. Don't buy into any reviews that make this game seem like Bioshock. Bioshock is a fast paced, linear game with a wide range of ablilities alowing for varied engagements. Every combat situation I've been in has used the GLOO gun and the wrench. In that order. If you are the type of gamer that enjoys ambiance (lore, audiologs ect..), then chances are, you'll lose youself in Prey. If you came for Dishonored in space, take a hike."
76561197961758393,Not Recommended,480490,34504366,Posted: 26 August,all,HeLi0s,"Arkane loves to do this thing where they have interesting stuff in their games, but if you do it, you get punished.Early on you get shown a bunch of cool powers, but then a dude says ""hey if you do this, you might get the bad ending"" basically. I like getting the good ending so I went through without. (According to reddit, it makes no ♥♥♥♥ing difference so I sincerely recommend you go wild, there are some minor differences but it won't change the ending you get.)Without these powers, you have a bunch of boring guns and dull as hell battles. And the battles are a huge part of the game.I am a like 80-90% of the way to the end and I just can't be bothered anymore. I throw a  thing at the guys to disable them, shoot them in the face with the shotgun until they die or laser them until they melt. Or if there's a big enemy I just through grenades at them until they melt.It has a pretty interesting main story. But the majority of the gameplay for me has been flat and dull. Just sorta wandering about picking stuff up and shooting guys with the same old guns.So basically, me listening to Arkane has ruined my experience of the game."
,Recommended,480490,31563138,Posted: 5 May,all,Illidan,Very good game.  Works perfectly on GTX 1080!
76561198018455985,Not Recommended,480490,35096411,Posted: 20 September,all,ebfisher,I started out liking it but now its just dragging on and on.  You have to backtrack to previously explored areas over and over and everytime they repopulate with more and more enemies so you run out of ammo and health kits. I just got tired of it.
76561198015569520,Not Recommended,480490,32959562,Posted: 28 June,all,atreju,"The game is very good, don't get me wrong. Quality script, very polished overall.I didn't like it because of my personal preference in games, I feel sorry I spent money on it, thus giving it thumbs up would be a lie.1) I could not play it like DOOM. From the description I had an impression you can choose ways you go through it, and violence was an option. Not so. Combat is at the level of ""I am too young to die"" of DOOM, basically you have enough ammo - you can kill someone. But ammo is never enough, so you have to solve that puzzle, which key enemies to eliminate to be able to trick others or sneak past them.2) The story is disappointing. I thought I was going to be ahuman, saving the world from alien spawn, turned out I was the alien taught to pity the humans. I want to kill aliens, not befriend them, or BE them, should have waited and read the strory before buying the game.Oh well, one more lesson never to buy a game before studying it thoroughly, regardless of the positive reviews.So should you get it? If you like solving puzzles, looting numerous crates, managing inventory to efficiently transport scarce resources to base, stealth approach, escaping more enemies then killing them - this game is for you. If you want to blow the sh*t up for the glory of the Emperor - not so much."
,Not Recommended,480490,31636303,Posted: 8 May,all,Ragnerock,be carfull when purchasing the game is still having issues with steam API its prevented me from playing it and iv tried all the hot fix's
76561197971415171,Not Recommended,480490,31634542,Posted: 8 May,all,core123,"25+ hrs into game and now i cant finish it due to corrupted saves, that get corrupted again even if u load older files! absolute joke..This is the first game in 20 years of gaming,that I wasnt able to finish due to a game breaking bug."
,Not Recommended,480490,34696922,Posted: 2 September,all,Mr. Death,"You would think that taking the best parts of Crysis 3, Deus Ex, and Bioshock would give you a great game. Instead, you get this half-baked mess. Everything feels sloppy and disjoined, with apparently little thought given to balancing the game as you progress. All of this is secondary to the thousand small design features that make it clear: THIS IS FOR CONSOLES, NOT PC. Everything from menu design to the combat is set up so as to be intitive with a controller, and while it can certainly be played with a mouse and keyboard, there is no effort to change how you interact with the world. For example, right click will back you out of some menus, but go to far and suddenly you are using potentially explosive skills with the same button. When in menus your camera is fixed to the cursor, instead of being free floating like on an actual computer. This makes sense if controlling with a joystick, but is counterintitive on PC. I know these might sound like small gripes, but it affects a huge percentage of your gameplay, because this game is about half menus. It is important to get right for the feel and flow of the game, and it just sucks. These oversights are even more severe when they actually cost you in game resources, like failing the pathetically stupid hacking minigame because you aren't using a controller with variable sensitivity. Also do not buy if you liked the original Prey. It shares no meaningful similarities. You won't get a story like the original, gameplay like the original, or even really the setting. It feels like an entirely different universe. 1/5 Disappointing crap. DO  NOT BUY."
76561197970916475,Recommended,480490,31595920,Posted: 6 May,all,(N☆G) Jackal ★JJ★,"TLDR : AMAZING.... If you ever played System Shock 1 or 2, prepare for an amazing experience... This is what the REAL spirital successor to System Shcok 2 should be instead of Bioshock (Which isn't a bad game either mind you)I highly recommend this game to anyone who ever played System Shock 1 or 2 and enjoyed it. I simply recommend to people who played Bioshock 1 and 2 and loved it, and I would say to everyone else.... buy it now or wait for it to go on sale but at least play the game... its amazing.If you enjoyed Half-Life 1 or Dead Space I'd also suggest this game to them.I was really not looking forward to this game. I thought it would be trash and since I just love wasting money I took a chance on it and loved it. Its amazing. I haven't beaten it yet but the experience is simply amazing.My biggest gripes with the game is playing on Nightmare.... their is such an abundance of equipment for those who like to hoard for mid to late game that its crazy how easy the game is. I expected nightmare to be much more punishing and it simply isnt because of the type of gamer I am. I am stupidly cheap on using my ammo and medkits that I have been using bathrooms and waterfountains to full restore health with clumbing aliens to death with my wrench."
76561198353905571,Not Recommended,480490,31633444,Posted: 8 May,all,adnambk,i cant really rate the game at all due to the fact that whenever i try to open the game the screen turns black and stays black and the only way for me to close the game is to either shut down my computer or restart it. im not gonna recommend the game until they fix my issue.
,Not Recommended,480490,31708826,Posted: 12 May,all,sfsdfd,"Summary: Prey is System Shock 3 without Shodan.Plot: 4/10.You wake up alone in an abandoned space facility facing a hostile and growing threat. You must carefully manage your resources, traverse hazards and solve puzzles, while discovering the backstory about a science project gone awry...Yes, you've played this game before. It was called Dead Space, or Doom 3 or 4, or System Shock, or Bioshock - or for that matter the first half of Half-Life.From that perspective, there's little new here. You can pick out all the cliches instantly; you can guess all the plot twists long in advance.Where Prey shines, a little, is in the interpersonal interaction. As in a dozen previous games, you come to know a set of characters through their recorded messages and memoirs and personal spaces. They're not quite interesting enough to care about - but at least the recordings are nice. Prey has its moments here.Environment: 8/10.This is Prey's strongest suit, by far.Skulking around abandoned environments tends to end up feeling bleak and repetitive, especially when you're being led by the nose, corridor-style, through a series of set pieces.Prey is a breath of fresh air here. The environment is lovely and well-realized; every area looks distinctive without feeling forced or gimmicky. The non-linear exploration is Metroidvania, or GTA: it strikes a strong balance between giving you plenty of room to explore and discouraging you from venturing too far too fast to get in over your head.On the other hand - this freedom might have been breathtaking in 2010 - but we've since had games like Skyrim, and Fallout, and Breath of the Wild. We have grown to expect the freedom to go anywhere and do anything. So the subtle locking-away of various parts of the environment until you've completed some crucial plot points... well, it feels *kind of* open, but also somewhat artificially constrained compared with those predecessors.Action: 3/10.Some of the most underwhelming action I've encountered in a while. Weapons feel underpowered, even when upgraded. AI for hostiles is neither interesting nor challenging in interesting ways.This is probably the most disappointing aspect of Prey. The mimic aspect is neat - but it's utilized in ways that are limited to the point of gimmickry. Recognizing an alien before it reveals itself is never sufficiently appealing to support the amount of effort put into finding it. It stops being interesting after 10 minutes, and stops being even remotely startling after 15.Both Doom 3 and Dead Space rely heavily on jump-scare gimmicks, where hostiles suddenly appear from behind doors or drop in through the ceiling. That's also the case here, but it's just not startling.Overall: 6/10.It's fun, if forgettable. Definitely not worth $60, though."
,Not Recommended,480490,34622233,Posted: 30 August,all,Bronze Thunderbeard,"A frustrating Bioshock copy that leaves you with no resources to get through the game.I have played this game for 25 hours on hard. The first half of my play time was fairly enjoyable. I liked all the different skills you could get, the environments with gravity is well done,  you can climb all over and there aren't invisible walls stopping you and the lore was great, even though it is a carbon copy of Bioshock. The combat was okay for a while when I actually had supplies. After a while though this game just turned into a frustrating mess. First off, there are zero gravity areas of the game which are a joke, I have circled around the outside of the station for 30 minutes looking for the objective marker while fleeing enemies that kill me in one shot and would cost all the ammo, grenades and supplies I have. I couldn't believe the expectations of the space combat.Combat in general is a joke. The devs tried to be creative and give the player some ""tools"" for combat instead of all weapons. You will end up running around with 30 hp and absolutely no ammo for anything and no supplies.  I liked the idea of giving us ""tools"" instead of mostly weapons because we were just a bunch of scientists on a space station but if you don't provided me with enough ammo and supplies what is the point? I looted just about the entire game and am left with nothing to work with because enemies respawn constantly, that's right the game gives you a limited supple of ammo, health and resources while enemies respawn indefintely. I was actually really interested in a lot of the side objectives and was trying to them done but couldn't take navigating around. I'd go through a door with a marker on it and on the other side there would be no markers showing me where to go. No way to fast travel around a futuristic space station is a joke. You end up running around all over the place, trying to sneak past everything because you don't have supplies to fight ever. In the end for me this game turned into a frustrating experience due to no fault of my own. Not provided enough resources, awkward and difficult space navigating, enemies that would require you to use all of the resources you gather only to constantly re-spawn. Pretty big let down IMO. Do not recommend unless on sale for ~10 dollars."
76561198015526767,Not Recommended,480490,32175029,Posted: 4 June,all,NIN2,I'm a bit frustrated with this game. First I would like to say that System Shock 2 is still one of my all time favourite games. Prey let's the player feel under supplied the whole time. And to add insult to injury your character will feel 2 levels below the enemy the whole time. So you do spend the time but doing the same thing over and over again. The fun factor is 0!! This game is a slep to play!!! I really do want to like this game but I just can’t. Sorry to the developers but you got your formula wrong on this one.
76561198209535221,Not Recommended,480490,34507079,Posted: 26 August,all,Wo1fDragoon Mk.2,"I know I'm not the only one experiencing this...roughly 10-20mins into the game the screen goes black. No error report no nothing. Ctrl + Alt + Delete end task restart the game. Quick saved along the way in case this happened again. It took longer for the second crash to occur but I expected it for some reason. My PC is a decent gaming rig it should be able to handle this game with ease. One conclusion, there is a bug that has not been worked out yet.Until this bug is worked out, I cannot recommend this game to anyone. Somehow I managed to experience 2 hours of gameplay and can't return it now so devs...please fix it. That said the gameplay I did experience was solid and the visuals are stunning. I'm sure the rest of the game becomes increasingly more entertaining, unfortunately I won't know until the devs patch this eye sore of a bug.My PC specs...hope this helps sort out the crash bug issue:=================================CybertronPC Rhodium 950 X8 Gaming Desktop=================================- AMD FX-8300 3.30GHz Octa-Core Processor- 16GB DDR3 Memory- NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 (2GB GDDR5)- 1TB HDD- Microsoft Windows 10 Home 64-Bit- 500 Watt PSU"
76561198113506704,Recommended,480490,33219598,Posted: 4 July,all,GoleemDog,Best game
,Recommended,480490,31589791,Posted: 6 May,all,Jmh1000,It's interesting.Will update when I see more stuff in it.
76561198051319354,Recommended,480490,31549867,Posted: 4 May,all,Queer Shaft,We could have had a game about being an alien bounty hunter. Instead we get a game about recycling.8/10
76561198052376528,Recommended,480490,31575111,Posted: 6 May,all,vital,/
76561198039820703,Recommended,480490,31765301,Posted: 15 May,all,Eyune,────────▓█▓█▓─▒████───██▓██─░██───█▓────────────▓█─▒██─█▓─██──██──█▓─██──▓█─────────────▓█──██─█──██──██──▒───██─█──────────────▓█▓██──████───██▓██────██▒──────────────▓█▒───░█░██───██──░────██───────────────▓█────▒█▒─██──██──░█───██───────────────██▓───▓██──██▒██████───██▒──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────▒▒▒──────────────────────────────────▓████████▓────────────────────────────▒███─────▒███▓─────────────────────────▓██──────────▓██───────────────────────▓█▒─────────────██▒─────────────────────█▓───────────────██▒───────────────────██─────────────────██───────────────────█▒─────────▒────────██─────────────────▒█──────────▒▒▒▒▒────▓█──────────────────█▓────███──▒▓▒▓██▓─░░█──────────────────██───▓▓██─▒▒───▓██▓─██──────────────────▒█──░█░───────────███▓───────────────────██─▒█▓▒──────▓█─███▓────────────────────▓█───█──────▒▓▓██────────────────────────█───░──────████────────────────────────██░────────────█░──────────────────────░█░▒▒──────────██───────────────────────░█──▓▓───────███────────────────────────██▒▒─░▓░█▒──██▓───▓██▓░────────────────▓█──▓▓──▒█████────███▓██▓───────────────█▓─▒─▓█───▒██────██▓─▓▓─█──────────────▓█─▒───▒▓──█▓█────█░──▒▒▒██─────────────██──────▒▓█▓█▓█───█─────▓▒█─────────────█▒──────░██──███──█──────██────────────██────────▓───▓██▒███▒───▓██────────────██────────░▓───▒██──░█▓████─────────────██──▒▓▒▒▒▒▒▓▒─▓█▓▓▒──▓████──────────────█▒───░░▓██▓─███─░▓▓─▓██────────────────▒█─░░────░───▓▒───░▒▓██─────────────────▓█──█▓─────▒▓█───▓█─██──────────────────██──▓██───▓█▒█───█─██───────────────────██───▒██──▓─░░────▓█────────────────────██─────██▓───────██░─────────────────────██▓▓───░██────▓██▓───────────────────────███▓▓█▓▓████████───────────────────────▒█▓▓███▓██▓███▒█▓───────────────────────█▓─░▒▓▓██▓▒░───██──────────────────────██──────────────▓█──────────────────────█▓───▓█─────────▓█─────────────────────▒█────██──────▓▓▓███────────────────────██────▒▓──▒─▓████████▒──────────────────██────░▓▒█▓██▓▒────░████────────────────██──────▒▓██▒─────────████─────────────███───────░▒─────────────▒███──────────█▓─▓▒─▒▓▒░──────────────────░███───────▒█▒▓─██▓▒▓▓▓────────────────────██▒────▓██──██░─▓▒─█▓█▓▓▒▒▓▓▓▓█▓▓▒───────██───▓█▒─▒▒██░█▓──░██▓░▓▓▓▓░██──█▓██▓────██──█─▒▒░░░▒▒───▓░█─▓──▓────▓▒──▒▓▒▒────█▓─██▒────▒▓───▓─░░──█──▓▒─────────────▓█──██────▓▒──▒████▓▓███──█▓────────────██──██▓─▒▒▒▓████▓████████──▒▒─────▓██████────████████░────────▓███▒█████████████───────▓▓▓──────────────█████████▓▒────────
,Recommended,480490,31592377,Posted: 6 May,all,Chiff,It's like Bioshock except with combat that's actually fun.
76561198067505128,Recommended,480490,31872193,Posted: 20 May,all,itsmes3,A point and click adventure game that has zero G environments.
,Recommended,480490,31705494,Posted: 12 May,all,ycs47,E=mc^2 ... Definately recommend to those who like quantum physics and outer space shall get this game owing to it's stunning graphics and storyline.
,Recommended,480490,31582886,Posted: 6 May,all,Cyphersphere,This game brings back the original Half-Life experience with some skill progression. Crashes have been occuring ~1 per hour hopefully this is fixed soon; it's not a deal breaker as you do not seem to lose any progress with frequent autosaves.
76561198045717641,Recommended,480490,31565129,Posted: 5 May,all,Backflashs,Yes.
,Recommended,480490,31553022,Posted: 4 May,all,Wafflecopter,"I haven't gotten past the tutorial but so far the gameplay seems solid. Runs extremely well, I'm holding about 144 fps at 1080p on a 1070. Audio is kind of wierd however, as it seems like there's next to no ambient noise, and the graphics could be better as well. But the story is very intriguing and it begins with you asking a lot of questions. I trust Arkane so I'm assuming that the game gets significantly better after the tutorial, not that this first part is bad at all, as it seems to be laying a pretty nice foundation that'll probably be built upon."
,Recommended,480490,31552856,Posted: 4 May,all,[Àpxn] HistSouls,"I love the game no crashing so far and I'm excited to play this.One bug I did run into was don't press in the mouse 3 or your quick slot menu won't close,I had pushed every key on my board."
,Recommended,480490,31551519,Posted: 4 May,all,Michael Juden,This is some next level♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,480490,31586312,Posted: 6 May,all,MLJESUS,exploration like dark souls 1 with a great balance of suspense and fear.2/10 I like numbers
76561198037340979,Recommended,480490,31622861,Posted: 8 May,all,sendem_to_me,Best AAA game Ive played in a long time
,Recommended,480490,33216605,Posted: 3 July,all,Twerkinator,Prop hunt in space
,Recommended,480490,33200843,Posted: 3 July,all,RanzaR,?
,Recommended,480490,31598254,Posted: 7 May,all,Reedolishous,Fun game
76561198013841027,Recommended,480490,31607662,Posted: 7 May,all,spen96,Jumpscare/10
76561198102402201,Recommended,480490,33735195,Posted: 22 July,all,PhotonTurtle,I liked it for the reasons stated on (most of) the top rated positive reviews.
,Recommended,480490,31558939,Posted: 5 May,all,f33DER,"i hope there is a co-op gameplay , overall good the price should be lower"
76561198014659127,Recommended,480490,31623426,Posted: 8 May,all,The Mogadon Moustache,"Early review: nearly 7hrs in, game runs pretty good, graphics are nice. Very atmospheric. A lot like Bioshock, but not in a bad way. I don't feel mislead. The story is good. Lots to find, listen to and explore. Controls are great. First Bethesda game I've played in a while that doesn't jitter. So far so good. I will update my review when I have finished the game. Recommended."
,Recommended,480490,31676306,Posted: 10 May,all,Madd - Roth - T&R,Don't even need to review it with more explanation than a thumbs up. :D
,Recommended,480490,31562141,Posted: 5 May,all,Sabs,"Dishonored meets System Shock, and it runs flawlessly. What more do you want?"
,Recommended,480490,31599862,Posted: 7 May,all,canigetuhhhh NIce polish Ela gf,it gud
,Recommended,480490,31715963,Posted: 12 May,all,Lyceaos,"over all this is a great game save some issues, and they dont know what to fix and what to leave the hell alone, they patched something out everyone loved, a trick to multiply materials, no one wanted that fixed, we need to get hold of them and get that back"
76561197993215797,Recommended,480490,31656143,Posted: 9 May,all,dax,"TLDR: I loved it, and will be replaying it several times!Prey feels like Half Life's spiritual successor. The three things that really set it apart were: uncommon weapons, smart writing, and a complex open play structure.I decided to play the first level as ""fully"" as I could and I found myself slowly learning the different ways I could solve a problem. It took me about 40 minutes to properly check every nook and cranny of that level and learn the ways of problemsolving in this game. It was thoroughly enjoyable.The art direction and execution was a breath of fresh air and it was very enjoyable to see the distinctive aesthetics of an alternate timeline where Kennedy was never assassinated. Each area had a unique feel that set it apart yet felt part of the same space station in a very convincing way.Without giving anything way, the story was very smartly written and satisfying in this age of half-cooked plots in video games. Characters seemed to have personality to them, even if you met them for a few moments, and there were enough conflicting opinions between them that it makes you wonder what is truly the right thing. I found the story engrossing and fun.Lastly, the aliens. The Mimics scared the stuffings out of me in the first couple of levels. Even after leaving my desk, I started looking oddly at anything in my room that was in pairs. I saw a dumbell standing up and the other fallen on its side. MIMIC - my mind screamed.Overall, I found this game completely fun. In fact, I enjoyed it enough to take the time to write this review instead of going to sleep after finishing my first playthrough! ;)If you like Half Life, Bioshock, Dishonored, or similar games, you will have a blast with this one! Go play it!!"
76561198011796562,Recommended,480490,31713814,Posted: 12 May,all,VashtaNerada195,"absolutely incredible game. 9.5/10 for me tbh. I really can describe it no better than Deus Ex(Invisible War aka best Deus Ex) + System Shock 2 environment. also, without spoilers, endings/choices were PERFECTLY done imo. I was raving to my GF for about an hour about how everyone who wants to make a choice based world should look at how Prey implemented it as a model. Quality story, strong and distinct characters, great environment, and top tier gameplay. I am one who is very conservative with what I buy (especially full price; I almost never buy $60 games), but would 100% recommend picking Prey up if you enjoy any type or story/choice-driven game, either of the aforementioned series, or even just want a fun FPS with RPG elements."
,Recommended,480490,31655641,Posted: 9 May,all,Neil Breen Is a God,It's like bioshock plus dishonored plus doom equals good
76561197977887791,Recommended,480490,31656097,Posted: 9 May,all,Masta Butcher,"Runs good with SLI and looks good, SS style play with elements from many FPS, they know what they are doing, a slow burning sci fi adventure with depth... Lot of back tracking in a big open ship.Some mini hacking game elements are just♥♥♥♥♥♥and should not be there.The player is empowered which reduces repition."
,Recommended,480490,31656426,Posted: 9 May,all,Ed :3,"This game is the heart of all Singleplayer Survival Horror games. Unlike outlast, you can strike against your enemies, but let me review the problems with this, and also the good parts of this.Pros:-Optimized AMAZINGLY-Story is AWESOMENESS!-Neuromods save your life and a good concept-Better than 2006 prey-Controls are Simple-Really do feel as if you are being hunted.-Amazing Ending (You decide: Not spoiling sorry)Cons:-Game lacks fast travel (except elevator system) which feels was intended only to make game longer.-Voice Lines sound rather poorly recorded on a Laptop Mic.-Combat is really iffy, Shotguns do way less damage than they should (even with maxed damage using neuromods).-Recycling system is odd and finding grey mineral items is like trying to find a needle in a haystack. Also this resource is not plentiful when recycling items (even with the neuromod upgrade).-Lack of minerals calls for lack of the ability to make shotgun, pistol, and glue ammo.-Found myself maxing wrench damage and glue gun for the simple fact of not being able to use guns cause of ammo deficiency.All in all Story is amazing, combat could use some work (Not saying its bad).Buy this game if you want something 5x more difficult than Bioshock games and are willing to time to recycle and craft everything. Bioshock with ammo was WAY more plentiful compared to Prey's recycle and ammo fabrication process."
76561197998263198,Recommended,480490,31656307,Posted: 9 May,all,Creepy Uncle,"I enjoyed this game quite a bit, seeing as its one of the few games i got in the past few years i played through to the end. The story is interesting, but it does get spoiled by the half way mark if you're diligent in your exploration, which is not a bad thing as its a bit of a reward for checking everything. The major problem with the game is that it makes the most engaging enemies, the mimics, a slight annoyance really fast. Rather than being a real threat and a source of tension the character becomes far too powerful which really takes away from the whole horror aspect of the game. I found myself running past most enemies in the later parts of the game, or destroying them with ease, but i played on normal difficulty so it might be more engaging in the upper ones. I really liked the music in the game, especially outside the station, its creepy in all the right ways.I had more fun with this game than with either bioshock, and it kept me engaged for 28 ish hours without having compleated all of the sidequests and only using the ""human"" abilities. I don't feel compelled to play through again which is a slight minus but if you're looking for a fun game with interesting ways to approach obsticles, while rewarding you for exploration and attention to detail, this is the game for you. My only advice is to skip the normal difficulty as its far too easy and really kills the horror out of itself by playing on it."
,Recommended,480490,31791522,Posted: 16 May,all,LinGIU,"This game combines, horror with a thrilling storyline that entices you to continue.Would definitley recomend a purchase of this game."
,Recommended,480490,32182657,Posted: 4 June,all,J-SP-R,"If you like a science fiction FPS RPG with a focus on exploration and combat that requires thinking, this is your game. I played this game on Hard dificulty and I think this greatly improved the tension and fun I've had with the game."
76561198283106377,Recommended,480490,34563158,Posted: 28 August,all,ArjabRoy,"This game is recommended for players who love exploration, RPG, stealth, story & bit of a horror. If someone wants all these ingredients in a single game this is it guys, it's an absolute masterpiece.Graphics wise it looks really amazing with very uniquely designed environments, it has also been very well optimized & performance wise it's great.Conclusion: If you want a perfectly designed Open World RPG, get this game without thinking too much."
76561198046232074,Recommended,480490,34601525,Posted: 30 August,all,Papi Salty,"The first few hours were a little boring, but after you get past that, than it gets much better."
,Recommended,480490,32349462,Posted: 11 June,all,LaEnana,"Game play is great and challenging.  Good graphics.  Ending is pretty lazy and half♥♥♥♥♥  After spending about two days of time playing and seeing the end.  MEH   Compare to a very similar game,  Bioshock Infinite.  That game's end was not lazy."
76561198373687638,Recommended,480490,32354635,Posted: 11 June,all,Limp Dik,the ending was such a mind f**k
76561198326686220,Recommended,480490,31562115,Posted: 5 May,all,PeanutButter<3,"WOW, best 2 hours of gameplay that ive had for a long time, if this game carrys on being this awesome its deffos game of the year for me."
,Recommended,480490,31631847,Posted: 8 May,all,SacredSalad,Best Bioshock game since Bioshock
,Recommended,480490,34556037,Posted: 28 August,all,UndugGrave,"Phenominal Game, Great Fps with a mixture of RPG and interesting story line !"
,Recommended,480490,34508577,Posted: 26 August,all,Mark Zuckerberg,become the cup
76561198077023096,Recommended,480490,31578786,Posted: 6 May,all,lamer,Best Bioshock since Bioshock. Buy it
76561198093758567,Recommended,480490,34804158,Posted: 7 September,all,Hawkman,yeh boi
76561197966185280,Recommended,480490,31588020,Posted: 6 May,all,DaTaLOre,its great
,Recommended,480490,32051219,Posted: 29 May,all,Blacktoof,Dude! If you liked Bioshock you have to play this!
,Recommended,480490,34113830,Posted: 8 August,all,KhalifaX,Woah...
,Recommended,480490,31633801,Posted: 8 May,all,convenient ;,Aw sweet jesus
,Recommended,480490,31691257,Posted: 11 May,all,Gold & Platinum,It's aight.
76561198037314902,Recommended,480490,31644825,Posted: 9 May,all,SCARRIOR,"I love this game, this is my most favourite FPS Horror Shooter, RPG, Survival game. It has the graphical shaders and tech of SOMA, The Horror of Alien Isolations rustic environmental setting and the gameplay mechanics of Bioshock. The enemies sound quality is typical of SOMA, with some beautiful rustic sounding effects of sounds bouncing from walls.Never thought this was a horror game until i started playing, the game is incredibly creepy and the beautiful Talos Lobby is gorgeous with complete Earth, Sun orbitals that can make the entire lobby go from dark to light and back again depending on orbits.The graphics are fantastic and the gameplay is amazing, ive never loved placing turrets and feeling so safe at the same time, even although they arent the best due to the psyonic abilities of your enemies, but its nice knowing something won't creep on you. I believe the game has enemy respawn but im not sure, one minute its desolate and then when i return a few hours later after a little station roam, there will be enemies again.I reccomend this game, it's on a league of its own."
76561198228723952,Recommended,480490,31908456,Posted: 22 May,all,Alex2016 skinsjar.com cs.money,"I really like this game, but I keep losing progress and I know I saved before quiting becuase I have the achievements on my steam profile, yet I lost aboutten hours of gameplay and had to do it again."
,Recommended,480490,31619272,Posted: 7 May,all,Hidden Inside,"Hoarder Simulator 2017: 10/10 edition.This is the closest i have ever seen a game get to system shock2. Its not perfect, there are a few bugs, the NPCs seem a bit unlikeable,  but you know what? It was great.Out of the few things that annoyed me to no end were respawning monsters who just keep spawning, at one point i just stopped fighting and just evaded everything with speed. It was that annoying.Combat could use a bit of work, same for weapon variety. Sound had a few minor issues aswell.But the atmosphere? The visuals? The ending song? Its like mass effect 1 quality. ♥♥♥♥ing 10/10 crisp and fresh.I'm not sure why people are saying its difficult, i started on nightmare mode since it promised that 'nothing will save you', i did have to gather a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥ and only had 1 point in psionic abilities, made maybe 150-200 reloads after deaths, but the combat was lightning fast! Very exciting <3Now im anxious to see Prey 2: Retaking Earrth, where we probably will kick Morgan's♥♥♥♥♥Final Score: 93/100. Its very close to a perfect 10/10 but its just a bit away."
,Recommended,480490,32143891,Posted: 2 June,all,rragh001,A game that doesn't suck. Finally.
76561197982345110,Recommended,480490,31581557,Posted: 6 May,all,Lioncash,"This was an emotional ride.Honestly, there are parts of this game that are far more frustrating than they need to be. The game itself though is spectacular and definitely on par with games like Bioshock and Half Life. I havn't felt this much immersion in quite some time.I feel the game could benefit from a slight linearation to it's paths and objectives, often you are left feeling lost and confused about which direction you're supposed to go and who you're supposed to help.Ultimately this game provides something unique and innovative that a lot of people can enjoy and have fun exploring. There are quite literally hundreds if not thousands of ways of approaching each and every aspect of the game. Often at times I felt like I was breaking mechanics by being able to open doors in weird ways or finding secret passages, places and people, all of which mattered and had beauty poured into them.The sense of being in space is huge and the sense of being vulnerable, open to the misery of the world and the environment around you is massive. Often the game brings up feelings of alturism and trying to do the right thing for everyone. I felt so stuck in my idea about what I wanted in the end yet, the choice is yours and a  very profound set of them.The thing I found most spectacular was the ending, albeit something I wish was different, it still blew my mind, at first I was disappointed, then I watched past the credits.Well done Arkane, you've made a masterpiece."
76561198084770144,Recommended,480490,31571582,Posted: 5 May,all,Rordon Gamsay,I can't enter a room peacefully without hitting every single object anymore. 10/10
,Recommended,480490,31584158,Posted: 6 May,all,byrdtothefuture,Good one
76561198313102441,Recommended,480490,31673138,Posted: 10 May,all,Professor Florian,One of my favorite games
76561198092968495,Recommended,480490,31571576,Posted: 5 May,all,NibblesWeasel,"An excellent game. Has a similiar play style of Dishonored and Deus Ex. If you've played either and liked them, you'll enjoy this more so."
76561198327079542,Recommended,480490,31672464,Posted: 10 May,all,AmOk,its the best exploration game i've ever played with a lot of surprises. Piece of Art
76561198037639438,Recommended,480490,31690567,Posted: 11 May,all,Spaz,https://youtu.be/jxIwqtwrbeE
76561198023168606,Recommended,480490,31639442,Posted: 8 May,all,DirtySocrates,Not a Mimic.
76561198102214486,Recommended,480490,31669746,Posted: 10 May,all,BobThePC,Don't know how ot report a bug but there is a bug where you get the golden pistol and when you leave the crew quater with it the golden gun disappears from your inventory. I had to switch out the golden pistol for the bug to stop taking my golden pistol and 4 tries.
76561198018560633,Not Recommended,480490,31660780,Posted: 10 May,all,Applelicious,"Great game, but sadly in the current state is almost unplayable. I have encountered 2 gliches so far, one corrupted all save files past a certain point causing me to lose several hours of play time. I was able to work around it by loading up eairler and just saving often and loading up immediatl afterwards to ensure the save was good. The other though has stopped me completly, as now the game crashes any time I transition to a new area."
,Not Recommended,480490,33848164,Posted: 27 July,all,hooman,"I reccomend waiting until this becomes cheaper than 60 bucks. If you have money that you want to blow, go ahead and pick it up. The gameplay is repetitive and can be quite boring, there isn't enough guns and too many similar enemies, the game is filled with bugs, and the story is weak and plain uninteresting. Although, I will give it the amazing graphics, sound, and design."
76561197964141815,Not Recommended,480490,34091113,Posted: 7 August,all,Questerre,"Update 1.05 broke controller support for xbox controllers, so no longer playable."
76561198016340032,Not Recommended,480490,31642906,Posted: 9 May,all,THIS IS RAGE GAMING,"Gameplay is good.But some elements of the gameplay, and gameplay logic is ridiculousPuts a cutscene where enemy can kill you... enoff said."
,Not Recommended,480490,34486846,Posted: 25 August,all,Squarishlink[⚝AFUKNLEAF⚝],"The game is a survival horror you would expect the game to excell in stealth mechanics similar to metal gear and deus ex. NOPE this is just doom with a lack of ammo and bullet sponge enemies who will one hit kill you.This game is OKAY at best, I am not sure if i will complete it at this point.Positives:- Graphics, music and atmosphere- Farming for items and weapons (made the game interesting)- Diverse PSI abilities which dramatically changed game play.-Typhon PSI abilities, dont play the game without using them it makes no differenceNegatives:- CRASHING! the game crashes while trying to access a null memory location. this has happend 8 times.- BACK TRACKING!!!!!! - remember that area you just cleared out prepare to GO BACK and pick up a file or a key.-  Enemies will RESPON in low level area and the enemies still insist on bothering you.- Too many enemies with high output damage and high health.- Weapons, grenades and psi abilities are useless with enemies later in game.- Plot and character dialogue, everyone seesms to be bitter, angry and whine about everything.- Danielle Sho: it was really painful to hear the crappy lesbian psycho babble and the rant about alex yu was pretty painful. (misognist, narccistic, blah blah blah)- Gay drama and Frumpy butt?? what ?? the dialogue between chars is worse than fan fiction.Spoiler!The games worst offence was the ending. No matter what you did the ending was the same, you wake up to the knowledge that the typhon has taken over earth, you are a typhon who alex used to gather information on and everything was a simulation. The ending wasnt clever, it could have taken multiple directions which would have made the story/lore more interestingPossible Endings:1. blow up base, everyone dies typhon escaped on a pod during your mission, earth is now under threat of mass extinction begin prey22. use the core and gain control of the typhon, the typhon are now slaves uder the command of the human race. typhon on earth overcome the control though integration of humans, begin to rebel threat of mass extinction being prey23. Everything was a simulation DOG lol aren't i clever? lol umadapparantly 3 was the best option"
76561198042883126,Not Recommended,480490,32040787,Posted: 29 May,all,Mr.Anderson,"I think this is a decent game but personally I dont have much desire to play beyond the first couple of missions. I just like to point out i had 0 expectations going into this game, i didnt know anything about it, other then it looked interesting.Pros:-Nice atmosphere- The maps do looks very nice.-Nice map design (kinda?)-Scan system where you learn new skills, very bioshock like, but unlike bioshock, i enjoyed scanning.-Voice actingCons:-Combat system, feels very unexciting to kill something.-Loot and crafting system makes it near impossible to try and kill everything u come across, after while i just realized to run past everything to save ammo. You need to pick up literal junk like flower petals and stuff and whoch u turn into material which then in converted into ammo, medkits, and everything else u could possibly need. Ive found it very difficult to keep up with supplies, everything is abundant except the main material for making ammo, metal, which is used to make most items in game.-I Said kinda good map design, because I think there good , but the mosters in the maps sometimes drive me crazy.  As i said the combat system feels very unexciting to me, the monsters just dont give me any interest whatsoever. monster 1 is black small black thing, moster 2 is humanoid black thing, followed by almost everything enemy u come across is a black blob with a few tentacles for limbs. Incredibly boring enemys.-No drive to explore, this is probobly mainy becuase of things ive already said, but i have 0 interest to explore in this game. With the loot system being so unrewarding, i dont really wanna just storm through some random quest for fun, because by the time i get back to my base, most of the time im worse for wear in terms of ammo of medkits.-Skills feel unbalanced as ♥♥♥♥. There are some like max hp and inventory space, its near impossible to live without, while others i couldn't care less about.Overall: Despite my negative review, i think this is a good game, just not my style. Not worth 80$ in my opinion. If u can get it for half price, go for it."
76561198079563788,Not Recommended,480490,33403212,Posted: 9 July,all,Lieutenant Joker,"+Pros:Games's soundtrack: Its just too good. I like how the game uses it in the perfect time unlike most game, You really feel that this is made for THIS game specifically. I really like the techno feel in it. Definitly gives the game a couple of points alone.Twists and turns: They were all very good and were not expected with my run so i really like them, Made me question everything while playing, Kept breaking things to make sure.Enemies: They are really well thought of, The mimic is a great example, i feel that nobody thought of this in a game before, its just amazing, really keeps you on your feet the whole time. If you listen closely youll even hear them so i enjoyed this idea. So overall the enemies are orignal and well thought of. Great job.Game's optimisation on pc: The game is really optimised and runs perfectly,Engine: Even though its on the CryEngine the game feels like its on the same engine that was used with dishonored. The sliding feels the same,  The graphics of dishonored 2 and this game arent different enough that you feel they arent on the same engine. The crouching mechanic feels exactly the same as DH. Even the scroll wheel is the same so you will definitly feel at home.+-Neutrals:The game doesnt have boss fights, In my opinion i dont care, I love boss fghts but not every game has to have them, I said the same thing with arkham knight, Im not a hypocrite, I didnt even realise this until the end of the game. Just added it in so if someone wants boss fights theyll know that there arent.-Cons:Games diffuculty: This game is very hard, VERY HARD. most people one shot you or hurt you A LOT with one attack. I played DK III so i know whats the difference between hard and unbalanced. I even tryed putting easy. I hate easy but i wanted to try it, The game is still hard as nails, There's no difference so hows that for balanced ?. The nightmare will one shot you. The other will do a lot of dmg with one hit. If this game is intended to be hard why is there a difficulty changer ? in DS III and Zelda BotW both games dont have difficulty because they are supposed to be hard. There is no easy or normal mode. If this game was intended to be hard why is there a difficulty system ? Most of the times you will die without knowing what hit you, youll be fighting someone and BAM you just die, HHAHAHA have fun next time and you do it again and again and again until you just want to die.Skill system: The skill system is very dumb imo. It needs too many neuromods for skills most of the time. How am i supposed to get the things i want like this ? the game is already hard atleast make this easy. Oh do you think thats it ? WRONG. In the alien skill tree you have to scan every single alien multiple times to open the skill trees THEN you have to find what seems like millions of neutomods to upgrade, have fun.Game length: I feel prey overstayed its welcome by a long shot. Its a horror game a very hard horror game in-fact so why the heck is it too long ? even if you think you want to just do the main missions you cant because the game is too hard to do without the side missions that give you neoromods that dont make you powerful, They just make you able to survive most of the time without losing your mind with this game's difficulty.Side missions: In my opinion side missions are not needed in this game. Side missions are supposed to be in open world games where you can get the quest from something or somebody then give it back and get rewards but in this game sometimes you get sidemissions from people but most of the times you get them from just reading something while playing and for these you get the reward when you finish the mission in the same room. you dont get it in your inventory you have to loot it so you can forget and move without knowing and then you did the mission for nothing. Theres something else other than normal side missions where you have to find people in the space station that are missing to know where they are. Let me tell you, They are tooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much. There is like a million how do the devs want us to find everyone of them ? Do they think this game will be played by millions all the time ? its just like any other AAA game, theyll play it for sometime then just leave. I can overlook side missions in non-open world games if they arent too much which is what this game has. You will always have plenty of sidemissions that are going to have multiple objectives which take you all over the map. I'm sure if the game had less of them they would be fun and less repetetive and more engaging.Enemy spawns: The game spawns enemies in a completely random way with what feels like random comps. What i mean is that for example you dont get to fight someone and then go fight another enemy, or you find a couple that are very close to each other, no. The enemies for example arent meant to be as a group but are very close that they always fight you together which i think isnt meant to do so, so this will add to the games difficulty, You'll get what im saying if you played the game but i hope i managed to make you understand without spoiling anything.Bugs and Glitches: Most of the game doesnt have them BUT deep storage has millions of them, and i mean millions. One time you can pick up the item for the quest, another you clip out of the station and suddenly fall flat on the ground, didnt know space had gravity, Another theyll just take you to the room above, And if all else doesnt happen, you are gonna die a million times in this place.Ending: The game's ending is pretty bad, I personally saw the game's ending coming a mile away, My brother did too. It just not creative in my opinion, Alot of movies and games use this ending. Even without the story, They ending overall was just bad, Its very glitch, Most of the time the mission wont update. In addition to that, you dont know what main mission to do first or what side/main mission. There will be multiple main missions and multiple side missions that affect the game's ending. You dont even know if one is the bad ending or the good. You just have to read it somewhere or guess. Also the ending just feels like a pizza dough that was pulled too hard. It was like ""You need to do this, but to do this go do this and then do this but do this afterwards but before you do this and this and this"" or another more clearer example""Go into this room, you go their and then you have to get the key first, You try to get the key but the key isnt where it was supposed to be so now you have to go find it"" why cant i just go do the damn mission without side tracking ? The game's long enough, They dont need to make it longer. They also send these unbeatable drones to make it even harder and to make the game longer, Hate when devs do this, By unbeatble i mean they will shred you to peices before you get close. Also get have IV please, You will need it to complete the main mission and to hack these robots which in my opinion the only way to save yourself, Of course you have to get to them first. Also the game keeps saying that you can upgrade whatever skill you want and stuff when you have to upgrade hacking to level IV. They are just lying to out face arent they ?The pros are really stong in this game, They are just too good, But the cons are strong too and are way too much in my opinion.I was going to give this game a 7 but the ending really was complete garbage, Not just the story, The ending as a whole.6/10"
76561197970602426,Not Recommended,480490,31667256,Posted: 10 May,all,ahoogstra,"Prey corrupts savegamesBefore you buy and play Prey search Steam forhttp://steamcommunity.com/app/480490/discussions/0/1327844097133179241/.Many users (myself included) have the problem that after crashes or any other unusal events savegames can´t be loaded any more (all of them). So you invest 20-30 hours of gameplay and you can´t continue which is extremly frustrating. A ""like"" for the game but definitly a ""dislike"" for this crap of a savegame function. It makes the game ""unplayable"" and its extremely unprofessional. Before you buy it, wait at least if this is fixedIf you buy it anyway, don´t say I haven´t warned you..."
,Not Recommended,480490,35183826,Posted: 24 September,all,juck,"It'skind ofa stealth game, but not really...It'skind ofopen world, but not really...It'skind oftactical, but not really...It'skind ofa horror game, but not really...It'skind ofa shooter, but not really...It'skind ofan RPG, but not really...It'skind offun, but not really.These were the things that I thought of when I played Prey. As someone who hasn't played System Shock and can't draw the parallels between the two games, Prey just feels like it has some sort of identity crisis to me. I don't know what it's trying to be and what it's trying to accomplish here and I just can't bring myself to finish the game. I really wanted to like Prey and therearesome cool aspects to it. The zero gravity segments were really cool and the controls for zero G's were excellent. The visuals and overall attention to detail in the world were great as well. The former mentioned could have made for a saving grace to the game, but it kind of just sets you up for disappointment when you eventually get back on the ground. The latter was nice as well, but it was accompanied by uninteresting gameplay.I might give Prey another shot, but I doubt it'd be any time soon.Conclusion:Prey iskind ofboring."
76561197996248222,Not Recommended,480490,34363468,Posted: 19 August,all,thefrogwhisperer,"Load times are atrocious and performance is spotty. I would have liked to finish it, but it's just too much of a pain work through.+ Great environment+ Great story- Performance and load times are just way too inconsistent.- No thrills. It's literally the same set of enemies from beginning to 75% of the way through (which is as far as I got before I decided it was too much of a pain to play. Sometimes enemies are shiny, which just means they have more health.- Weapons are ineffective, ammunition is too scarce.- Manufactured difficulty, i.e. the game doesn't get any easier as you level up, making level ups and upgrades feel pointless. You never feel like your character is actually improving."
76561198083188648,Not Recommended,480490,31777198,Posted: 15 May,all,Luthien,"The game itself is good. The reason I don't recommend it is that the game have mutilple bugs. The patch 1.02 fixed the most    serious one, but there are still many other bugs which make this game unplayable. Due to the bug, I can't even play the game through. I tried twice, one dead save and the other round the main story related NPC just turn hostile to me. It's really dispointing. This is just like the Skyrim when it first come out. Bethesda don't even have a bug test before sending this game out. No wandering why Bethesda don't give the game for media reviewing before it releases. Don't buy this game right now. Wait until at least another two main bug fix patches come out.  I swear that I won't pre-order any Bethesda game again."
,Not Recommended,480490,32483235,Posted: 16 June,all,Pepto¿,Terrible ending... Like you wouldnt believe how bad it was (all the endings)
76561197982025140,Not Recommended,480490,31624839,Posted: 8 May,all,q.S Sachiel,"3 days after release....BROKEN SAVE FEATURE: BETHESDA (TM)This is the same issue with Fallout 3, Skyrim, Fallout 4. Multiple hard and quick/auto saves have been lost. Seems unlikely to be specific to Denuvo because of fallout 3, skyrim issues....Several other technical issues are present, such as inventory not correctly stacking items.Avoid this game. Corrupted saves broke my game at 6+hours and now i'm at 1:13 with no refund.CAVEAT EMPTORCurrently 2/10. Review will change *drastically* once corrupted save feature is rectified."
,Not Recommended,480490,32110622,Posted: 1 June,all,Jinzo,"Prey was like a rollercoaster of entertainment. You start out fairly low, with the game being kind of fun, but the combat being annoying. Then, you go up the big hill as you start becoming stronger, and are able to contend with most enemies pretty easily. Then once you get past the hill you plummet straight down incredible fast just after reaching the highest peak you've ever seen.To clarify, At the beginning, prey was pretty fun. There's a big world to explore with a great atmosphere, many secrets, and other things. Once you start getting more in control of the game you'll likely have started mass fabricating ammo and have gotten the combat oriented perks to make the game more fun and the combat somewhat less tedious. I can't say I've ever gone into an encounter and thought ""Oh boy, more combat, my favorite!"" even once in this game. Then you get to the big climax of the game and it's all straight downhill from there. All throughout the game you'd be struggling with ammo, with this only somewhat being lessened if you choose to devote almost all of your resources to making ammo. Even with a maxed out shotgun and the relevent perks, the basic phantom still takes two shots, That isn't really a big problem because it'll absolutely melt if you get a neak attack, and you can also just give it a tap with the wrench to finish it off. Anyway, Right at the climax the game intruduces just one of its cliches, that being thespecial ops team sent in to clean up the mess. I would have readily forgave this flaw if it wasn't for one thing: The units were way too strong. Don't get me wrong, I never died from one. The problem is, they had huge pools of health, to the point where it'd take four or more shots with my fully upgraded shotgun to maybe destroy them. Even striking at their weaknesses didn't help much. Usingthe stun gunhelped a little, but it alone still only scratches them. The best way to deal with them I've found is toStun them, then hit them with the Q-Beam enough so that they explode. This uses up the valuable ammo of the Q-Beam, but the enemies also drop it, so it isn't too bad.. Their weapons were also insane. They hadvery accurate, long range lasers that eviscerate your suit.I ended up going through half my resources just to deal with the absurd damage they were doing to your suit.Leaving the topic of that mess, we get to another issue, with that being the ending. I couldn't force myself to trudge through the now extremely tedious combat to finish the game, so I just looked the ending up on youtube, and boy is it something. Half way through I guessed part of the ending, and before I even started I joked about the ending and guessed the second part right. I don't think I've ever seen an ending that weaves two cliches together this well/poorly. Not onlyare you playing as a typhon the whole time, but you're playing through a dream or some simulation the typhon was put through, using Morgan's memories. Not only did they have the ""You're the bad guy"" cliche, but they even had the classic ""It's all a dream"" cliche.This ending was actually insulting to me. I really doubt I will ever come back to this game, and I have no problem with that.If you want to play a game like prey, just play dead space or bioshock."
,Not Recommended,480490,33092160,Posted: 1 July,all,hobs,"Really fun but crashes a lot, my primary save now prevents me from going back with a crash. Seen these types of ArkContainer errors (and just tried the beta patch, didnt work) posted all over.Would not recommend until the game actually works."
,Not Recommended,480490,31690638,Posted: 11 May,all,LeBerduk,"If you just want to reinforce your opinion then you can down vote this review and move on without reading further. If you are looking for useful advise before buying this game then continue reading.Overall, I think the game is not worth its full price and it is better to wait for a sale if you want to play this game.Fore more detaisl, letss start with pros:- Performance-wise it is well optimized. I could comfortably play this game on my gaming laptop (GeForce 970M) with customized settings between medium and high.- I personally have not experienced any game-breaking bugs. There are few bugs in general. Once, I had a glitch that prevented me from accomplising the main quest milestone. I had to load from an earlier manual save and replay 20 minutes. It happened only once.- Controls and UI design are really well suited for mouse and keyboard. I will little worried when PC demo was not released. But it seems there was no reason to worry.- Visual aesthetics of the maps are really impressive. Some maps are heavily inspired by Half-life 1 and have very utilitarian depressive look. Other maps borrow a lot from Bioshock's vintage and luxury appearance. This makes discovering and exploring new maps quite enjoyable.- Sound effects and ingame musics are really atmospheric. But in rare occasions music seems to be misplaced playing without any significant reason.- This is one of the best simualtors of spacewalk. No joke. I was really impressed.Now the bad parts of the game:- BACKTRACKING!!!! There is so much backtracking in this game that it kills all the fun. And I do not mean backtracking within the same map. It is backtracking accross multiple maps each of which requires a loading screen. The frequently respawning enemies make the issue even worse. You can either try to repeatedly fight them off wasting all your resources or sacrifice your HP trying to run pass them. Often there is no good reason for backtracking other than artificially prolonging the game. There was a case when NPC refused to provide information necessary for solving the case over the conference call and asked to face to face meeting.- The game is open-world. But it punishes for exploring. If player deviates too much from the main quest and goes on exploring the maps then even more backtracking is requires to finish the main quest later on.- Inventory management is pain. You can carry several weapons. But each weapon and its ammo requires inventory space. Then there are medkist, psypacks, grenades, crafting materials, raw resources, quest items all of which also require inventory space. Later in the game, it is possible to increase inventory size but until then it is an absolute pain. Auto-sorting of items in inventory does not work for some cases. For example, some items of the type are not auto-stacked in the same slot. So from time to time I had to manually go to the inventory and stuck them. Also if a new item requires 2 horizontal slots and there are 2 vertical slot then I had to play tetris to manully create the horizontal slots.- Combat is disappointing. No guns are satisfying to shoot. All of them (in an unpgraded state, and upgrading them requires a lot of time and resources) feel very weak against aliens and combat bots. For example, shotgun is the most powerful close-combat weapon. But killing of all types of enemies except mimics requires 6-7 shots with a shotgun at a point-blank range. It feels that developers wanted to promote more stealth gameplay. But the maps are poorly designed for stealth compared for example to Dishonored. Often, enemies will notice a player across the room and there are no dedicated mechanisms for hiding. There is a mimic ability that allows hiding. But unlocking it takes too long (locked behind main story quest half way through the game) and using it is costly.- Variety of alien enemies is really disappointing. There are only eight types of alien enemies with minor variotion for types. There are also variations of hostile bots but all of them feel and look the same.- The main storyline is quite short. Without exploring much and doing side quest, it can be completed in 10-13 hours. A noticeable part of these hours is backtracking.- There are many notes, emails, voice recording to read/listen in the game, but nothing that particularly enriched the main story line. Nor these stories expand lore and knowledge about the game world. Instead, most stories are about people in the space station who are already dead at the beginning of the game. I dont understand why I have to familiarize myself with dead NPCs who do not affect the game state. The main story line is not uninteresting, but not particularly intriguing and inspired. Many quests that advance the main story are about finding a code, or a voice recording, fetching an item, etc.The game heavily borrows elements from many different games. But none of these elements are implemented well. Most of it feels painfully average if not frustrating. It tries to be both RPG and FPS but neither mechanics feel satisfying. Combining all these reasons, I think the game is not worth its full price. It is better to wait until the price drops."
,Not Recommended,480490,33363001,Posted: 7 July,all,phantomdata,"Hit black blobs with a wrench.  The backstory and atmosphere of this game are amazing, but the actual gameplay is... boring and frustrating.  Ammo is scarce and weapons do little damage - actual combat pretty much involves just hitting things with a wrench.  I've seen around the Interwebs that I'm playing it wrong, its supposed to be a sneaking game where you avoid all the enemies...  just...  not my cup of tea."
76561198315532023,Not Recommended,480490,33597184,Posted: 16 July,all,TAP3AH,"Just finished the game and couldnt be happier that its finally done. Its not a bad game but it isnt great by any means. I will never reccomend this game to anyone for one simple reason, the ultimate choice that you're teased with pretty early in the game, wasnt mine to make. Even tho I completed all the necessary tasks the game would not let me make one of the choices. I dont know why, sounds like because I did all but the last task for option A I cannot choose option B for whatever reason even tho I was literally told to make my choice by a game character after which point only option A worked. Anyway, pros and cons:PROS: beautiful graphics and design, first half of the game is very fun, a couple of stand out characters and weapons, and a simple but fun hacking mini game, and a cool locationCONS: game is built to drag on. one of the very last missions takes you thru at least 4 loading screens one way and then back, there's respawing enemies but scarce supplies, most of the missions are ""go there get that"" or even worse ""search for..."" and thru the same areas and same enemies over and over. the MAP is horrible as is mission guiding which simply doesnt even work for some missions, so you have to pull up a map constantly. Also there is way too much side crap that is useless and pointless and will just take time unnecessarily (like emails about John or whoever taking two mondays off in a row... bla bla..who gives a ♥♥♥♥) AND the game tells you that you have a choice in how you play but you really dont, unless you want to be forced to barricade yourself and slowly club enemies for half an hour due to running out of ammo you HAVE TO play STEALTHY!If this is your kind of game buy it, if youre unsure wait for sale or never touch it"
,Recommended,480490,31552930,Posted: 4 May,all,LiL_Pizza,"Yes, get the game!"
76561198063049331,Not Recommended,480490,34496668,Posted: 25 August,all,Where_Wolf?,"Game dropped saves constantly and would crash. Ruined the game, once the bugs are worked out it might be a good game but Ill never know. Had to replay 5 hours of of th egame after multiple dropped saves."
,Not Recommended,480490,31659648,Posted: 9 May,all,Stormstalker,"I cannot recommend this game in it's current state.  I've played about 14 hours or so and have lost a couple of those hours due to save file corruption.  And now it's completely reset an area back to square one and triggering parts of the main quest I had already completed.  I cannot continue playing the game anymore.Once those game breaking issues are fixed I would, and will, recommend this game."
76561198003090529,Recommended,480490,31922888,Posted: 23 May,all,(heidy),GOTY 2017
76561198051936265,Recommended,480490,31584227,Posted: 6 May,all,Nucky,shut up and take my money!!
,Recommended,480490,31551069,Posted: 4 May,all,[-:-]DeVo★stator,"So for anyone who thought this is related to the old Prey, be disappointed, it's nothing like that.From what I played so far I highly enjoyed it, it's like if you mix Dead Space with Bioshock and Alien: Isolation.It was definitely worth the preorder for me.PS: Now I am afraid to go near any objects :V"
76561198093104191,Recommended,480490,31551215,Posted: 4 May,all,the ryan king 1992,very good!!!
76561198068597715,Recommended,480490,31583702,Posted: 6 May,all,Puggles,I cant go a minute without shooting an inanimate object10/10
76561198020306018,Not Recommended,480490,34535548,Posted: 27 August,all,drcutler1026,"I have mixed feelings about this game. I give it a 6.5/10. As people say, the graphics are a bit dated for a new game. I found the difficulty to be a bit high. The gameplay and progression is decent, and on sale for $20 I would buy it. Do not pay full price! Overall a nice time killer, but I would not reccommend it for the price."
76561197969377984,Not Recommended,480490,34662076,Posted: 1 September,all,bada,"Wonderful settings finely detailed, but pointless story and missions, annoying enemies and boring gameplay.Definittly it is not Bioshock in space."
,Not Recommended,480490,33388257,Posted: 8 July,all,PraiseTheSun20,Inventory management feels pretty terrible to me. I really cannot tell whether the game wants me to play slow and stealthy or just tactical in engagements. The character movement feels really stilter and rear movement is amazingly slow as is the left/right titlting. And the upgrade system doesn't feel very necessary to me. Didn't really like it.
,Not Recommended,480490,31738383,Posted: 13 May,all,xtrachrispy,"This was so close to getting a 5/5, but there is some QA problems here in a game at this price.The story was fantastic. The plot twists and turns were incredible, I was hooked more in the story than the actual gameplay. Graphics were as you'd expect for a game in this time, controls intuitive. I found myself exploring every area trying to find everything, going through as many side quests as I could (eventually the story hooked me too much and I couldn't wait). Navigating around in space was pretty great, the way the game captured space seemed very real. You really couldn't tell up from down, and, if not attentive, could easily just get disoriented. Sounds bad, but it was acutal an appreciated thing than a game limiting your movements.This game was on its way for me, I recommended it to all my friends. It reminded me of an RPG stat-focused Half Life. I liked it, I enjoyed it. One of the most enjoyable games I've played in awhile.That's when things took a turn.The game had its fair share of small bugs, some of which I had to go back a few saves to fix. The first frustrating big one was when a character mentioned I had to find a way onto the bridge at the top, since the lower level was flooded with aliens. I killed a few aliens and found my way up, then the humans started attacking me. This seemed wrong. I googled a bit and I found that they were supposed to open the main door after I killed all the aliens. I ended up going back to a save an hour previous to fix this. Not sure why the humans would attack me.Anyways, even after that, I was okay with it. I fixed it and we were back on track. This happened a few times in several places where I had to reload saves, but it wasn't ever too inconvenient and the games pros outweighed this.Finally, at the end of the game, the moment I had been waiting for. One bug kind of ruined it for me.<SPOILER>I missed the first attempt to save Dahl in the atmopsheric room. I was confused and thought I wasn't supposed to run into him yet so I just ran away, instead of stunning him. I ran into him again trying to break into Alex's room. I originally thought lowering his health would disable him but no, it was the stun gun. He was at about 1/3 health and I stunned him, knocked him out. Story continues. Alien covers the ship and I have to rescue Alex. Done. Then I go to rescue Dahl, dragging him into the medical room. This took me about an hour and a half. With the alien tentacles attacking me and all the debris, Dahl KEPT dying. If his FOOT so much as rested on the ground, DEAD. This was INFURIATING!! Finally, I got him in there with an immense amount of patience and care. Medical operator came out, NOTHING HAPPENED. I replayed this many times, with both th emedical operator out before and after he is brought into the room. Then, I tried loading an earlier save where I could carry him before everything went zero gravity. As soon as we went down the gravlift, HE DIED. I tried summoning the medical operator in hopes it would just go to him if there was still gravity, it just ran away! Finally, I just went back to where I was. Dahl in the med bay and the medical operator in the room with him. I decided to address this later. I left the room to continue the story. Igwe calls, the SOB died.That's when I gave up.I spent way too much time trying to do this to not be able to fix it. This is unacceptable to me and the older saves were gone. I just had a bunch of recent saves and the last manual one bookmarked was from 2 days prior. Not going to go back that far.</SPOILER>Anyways, I guess I don't recommend this game at $60. $30, yes. Definitely do it. The story is good. And honestly, I'm going to play the stupid sequel that comes after this cause the story really is that good. I'll probably wait for a sale though.Pretty disappointed.Oh yeah, and one last thing. Hacking all these bots gets SO annoying. Navigating that maze would be easier on a controller but for keyboard, it's not the best. Wish there was something a bit more imaginative there."
76561197971005060,Not Recommended,480490,32327441,Posted: 10 June,all,Просто По,"The gameplay is kind of entertaining. The graphics is for 60's lovers.  I played on Hard difficulty and thought that I will have a thrill every time I see an enemy but the amount of recources in game makes it very relaxed even if sometimes you use save/load tactics. Even with doing most of side quests except some tricky ones the amount of gameplay topped 25hours for me (according to Steam) and I doubt that I will ever play it again.This game came out at the time when System Shock 3 is being anounced so better wait for it I guess. This is just a clone with good graphics. A good one, but a clone.The ending which is after the titles is abrupt and leaves you with some ugly questions. Like does this game even have a plot or is it just a bunch of people tryed to put some cool stuff together?  Is it a demo before a cool new game world with new settings will arise? Am I that hungry for a new Shooter which makes sence, that I am buing this game?"
,Recommended,480490,31571732,Posted: 5 May,all,blindrun,Great performance compared to Dishonored 2. Still have to edit config files to set everything correctly but it runs on almost any relatively recent GPU. Full review on my YT:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7J5QjvFSwjY&t=25s
,Recommended,480490,31555303,Posted: 5 May,all,IiXi14NlfCas-s,interesting plot (mind ♥♥♥♥ed)well optimized
76561198114145423,Recommended,480490,31568770,Posted: 5 May,all,Samuel L. Jackson,before this games was released everyone said it was gonna suck. It was a game i was looking forward to. but then when it came out ........... GOTY. very positive reviews. haha ♥♥♥♥ you haters.if there is no DLC i will kill myself
76561197990963948,Recommended,480490,32887558,Posted: 27 June,all,LSR°,Блеск.
,Recommended,480490,31570120,Posted: 5 May,all,Mark,"I know that I've barely played anything of this game, but so far, it's great! Only issue is at the current moment I haven't gotten scared too often.Edit:At 6 hours I've gotten scared about 3 times. I wish the game was scarier, as its usually more frusterating when you die then being scared. I also find the ocassional trial and error part of the game extremely annoying. However, I am still loving my time in the game and so far, would definitely reccomend it to anyone looking for a great game! Just as a note, if you're looking purely for a game to scare you, I don't think this'll do it for you.Edit:Got a bit scarier, but a lot more intresting this time I played. The story is really starting to heat up ( don't know if its near the end or not, keeping myself out of spoilers). But still loving it!Edit:I'm a good 25 minutes until the end and before I finish just wanted to summarize that I love this game so much. It's got absolutely everything. Great gunplay, hard, intresting variety of enemies, cool powers, great story. My game of the year so far, one of my favorite games of all time.edit: on my second playthrough, really want a new game+"
,Recommended,480490,31655640,Posted: 9 May,all,chris,Brilliant.
76561198149594365,Recommended,480490,31629550,Posted: 8 May,all,LightAutrix,"There is no FullAudio in  Traditional Chinese.But Others all have!It's a nice game, but I feel a little unfair.Could you guys put this on? It will be better.I am a Chinese."
76561198114599847,Recommended,480490,31634950,Posted: 8 May,all,Kashion,"Meh. its no bioshock, story lacks too much for that. but its a entertaining game. prob more worthy of a $40 buy. I should have waited for a sale."
76561198096882145,Recommended,480490,31557287,Posted: 5 May,all,hi!,great game so far !great performance and gameplay.
76561197990832473,Recommended,480490,34565340,Posted: 28 August,all,p235,not a bad shotter just need a little more time to see how much I like this game lol but I cant see any issues with the game for now
76561198183008759,Recommended,480490,32747654,Posted: 24 June,all,Blaine...,tots
,Recommended,480490,32050259,Posted: 29 May,all,ASmallPackOfWolves,Easily the best game I have played in 2017 so far.
,Recommended,480490,31910621,Posted: 22 May,all,Ohan,Shet♥♥♥♥♥I love dis gay-m m-man
,Recommended,480490,33020462,Posted: 29 June,all,Kyven,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,480490,32029774,Posted: 28 May,all,ftstani,"This is a cerebral and original shooter that I can recommend right now. Undoubtedly there will be some mind♥♥♥♥ at the end, but I can tell you that if I had not looked up the ending before I began playing I would not have seen it coming.Drawbacks: LIMITED ARSENAL. There are only two guns in the whole game. TWO GUNS. C'mon! There's also an over-reliance on finding keycards. This is 2017, not 1997.Slootometer: 0/10. There is literally no slooty content."
76561198053167193,Recommended,480490,31555182,Posted: 5 May,all,HoboMcHerbington,God Damn Mimics little slippery son of biches!
,Not Recommended,480490,33185725,Posted: 3 July,all,Yorick,"An NPC lectured me about how what’s important is how you treat the people who are still alive, so I shotgunned her in the face. 10/10.But seriously...Preyis an attempt by Arkane Studios to bring theSystem Shockseries into the modern era. The last time that Arkane did something similar was with theThiefseries, which they made intoDishonored(a game that I’m a big fan of). While this is something that I would very much welcome ordinarily,Preyfalls short for me in that it’s so very... bland.I would describePreyas an amalgamation of ideas: In addition to containing elements of theSystem Shockgames, it also draws inspiration fromDead Spaceand leans especially heavily onBioshock(which were both themselves influenced bySystem Shock) as well asDeus Ex: Human Revolution, and even, to some degree,Half-LifeandPortal.Make no mistake that it is (generally) good at meshing these ideas together, but in focusing on the balancing act of containing so many different elements, it forgets to have a voice or style of its own. It’s easy to see the mimics as headcrabs, the nature of augments as being reminiscent ofDeus Ex, and the entire environment as being “Rapture but this time it’s in space”, and forget that this is supposed to be a different game from any of those.It feels so very familiar that even 3-4 hours in, I was walking through hallways saying “I’ve done all of this before” like I was stuck in some kind of time loop. And while it’s reasonably well-constructed (read: coherent, with very few bugs), it’s a concoction that I don’t believe really needs to exist, because there are things it loses in this combination. It doesn’t have the isolationism feel ofSystem Shock, or the sense of being in a tin can under constant pressure likeBioshock. It doesn’t have the scares ofDead Space, or action-movie feeling ofHalf-Life. And while it tries, it also doesn’t have the heart of any of these other titles.What the game does have that is its own is generally weak. The hacking puzzles are boring, the level layouts are absurdly nonsensical, and the interesting gimmick of the mimics (mimic gimmick) disappears rapidly as you fight them over and over and over as one of the 4 different types of enemies present in the game.The mid-game becomes a terrible slog between side quests that you don’t care about, an atmosphere that varies between generic and terribly juxtaposed, and incredibly forgettable combat mechanics. A successful game needs one of these elements to really work. It must have a) An intriguing story that keeps you glued, wondering what will happen next, b) An atmosphere that you feel you can get sucked into and become one with the world, or c) Really visceral and fun combat (or an alternative mechanic that is particularly engaging). Great games have all 3, or severely downplay the ones that aren’t the focus. This game tries hard to have its cake and eat it, too. But it’s a cake made by mashing together other, leftover cakes, and the gaps are filled in with whatever ingredients happen to be lying around, like some kind of Cake Frankenstein. Cakenstein.With all that said, I think my least favourite part were the constant, in-your-face references to Looking Glass Studios, as if nearly everything enjoyable about the game doesn't already scream ""All of our good ideas came from somewhere else"". There are a couple of things that work, which I should mention. I really like the crafting / decrafting system, though the materials acquired swing particularly hard in a specific direction. The neuromods give some good options for potential replayability, and the ending (while drawn out and not worth the dozens of hours spent in the rest of the game) is at least somewhat interesting / satisfying, giving it a leg up on something likeSystem Shock 2orBioshock Infinitewhich both have terrible endings.Still, it’s overall disappointing that with so much excellent source material, and having made good games in the past, thatPreywould come out being decently crafted, but at the same time, incredibly boring and generic. While I think that most people would probably still enjoyPrey- especially those that haven’t played one of the games that inspired it - I would much rather recommend those (especially since you could get probably all of them for the price of Prey). While each of them have their own flaws, they also have their own visions, voices, and are in various ways, vastly superior games."
,Not Recommended,480490,32006529,Posted: 27 May,all,Notaphish,Tense game but having to go through the same areas over and over again with new mobs was a bit too repetitive for me. Just not my thing.
76561198216197065,Not Recommended,480490,31865794,Posted: 20 May,all,retko,"The quest ""Shipping and Recieving"" is pretty broken. If you do anything out of the exact intended developer's order, it breaks. In fact, there are several different ways it can break. I know this because I've spent the last few hours loading reloading and doing objectives in different order to try and fix it. Even reloading a save from over an hour earlier and basically starting from a different area fresh. I still can't fix it. This certainly hasn't been the only quest bug, but it's the first major one that has halted the game for me."
76561197961123278,Not Recommended,480490,33399274,Posted: 9 July,all,Hazuki,"A terrible game really. The stealth doesnt work, the enemies are overpowered but have ""weaknesses"". Like for instance one thats vulnerable to the GLOO cannon. Ok, so i'll attack it with that then i can use something else to kill it while its stuck right?.So you do, not before it attacks you as you do it though even tho its supposed to be stuck. Anyway it gloos it for less than a second before it breaks free and melts you and you die. This is 90% of the encounters with enemies in this game.The combat is terrible and isnt fun and finding ammo is a pain becuase you use so much of it to take down just one enemy. The game in general is quite boring to play really. I've given it a fair chance but the game is not good, or fun. Its just a frustrating mess of stupid design decisions."
76561197996967045,Recommended,480490,33165104,Posted: 2 July,all,kiergon,"Good game, Bioshock 1 good, maybe even system shock 2 good."
76561198028507988,Not Recommended,480490,31956504,Posted: 25 May,all,antifinity,"Please let me know when you fix the ""all humans are hostile by default"" bug so I can switch this review from negative to positive and continue this otherwise great game!"
,Not Recommended,480490,33607748,Posted: 17 July,all,Hacete,"All my saves got corrupted after a crash, the last save doesn't work and when I load any other save all missions fail instantly. GJ Bethesda"
,Not Recommended,480490,33526389,Posted: 13 July,all,DiamondJAB,"Now, while I have a thumbs down on this game, it doesn't mean I don't understand why people enjoy it.  It has a unique crafting system, spooky ambiance, decent weapon structure and an environment begging to be explored.  Simply, put my thumbs down is the only worthy thumbs down to a game with so many good things going for it: Prey is just flat out boring."
76561198079495244,Not Recommended,480490,31688622,Posted: 11 May,all,Milk Powered Kitteh,"Where to begin. Prey had a large amount of potential as it was set in a potential interesting scenario with interesting gameplay mechanics. There is some good in the game, recycle system was pretty neat and being in a horror game where you arent the only person left is a welcome change. The perks you unlock across the game are all very good as well so their was rarely a time I felt like a mod was worthless or not worth it. The game seems to fall apart at everything else. Firstly, the game is way too short for the hype it received. under 20 hours is pathetic for a single player game with no multiplayer and is not excusable in any way, and that was without rushing and taking my time with side objectives. All the weapon systems felt pointless, turrets are easily destroyed by everything except mimics and the only noteworthy gun is the glue gun which pretty much becomes irrelvant as you soon learn that bypassing enemies is far for important to conserve ammunition which renders a third of the gamplay obsolete. The overall map felt very boring with no noteworthy areas, which is unacceptable in a game that has an extremely small overall map. The worst thing however, is the story. The game presents you with generic good and bad mentality choices throughout the game and while it is good to see branching side objectives and multiple ways to solve a problem, its pointless if I find the entire story itself a drudge to get through. And finally, it commits the worst atrocity any game can commit with its story, it has a ♥♥♥♥ing meme ending. It trys to stick in a m night shalamamamamama ding dong twist that was so stupid and infuriating I found myself actually annoyed I wasted 18 hours and 60 dollars on this game.Overall: the game isnt utter trash and might be worth 20 dollars AT MOST, but almost everything past its concepts falls short again and again and leaves a story and ending that is absolutley unforgivable compared to single player wonders such as Bioshock 1 or even ♥♥♥♥ing halo."
,Not Recommended,480490,31710494,Posted: 12 May,all,GrannySaggySacks,"Played it and was loving it....until an update came out that made the games frames drop, running a 1080 ti with 16 g memory, i5 6500 and shouldnt be running at 30 fps on high settings."
76561198107914509,Not Recommended,480490,33733197,Posted: 22 July,all,Gilberto Alfredo,"This game thinks its dishorened with out stealth elements there is a sudden difficulty spike right before getting to the crew quarters. the enemy placement is not clever what so ever they just throw enemy after enemy knowing full well you could only have three bullets which would be fine but there is little stealth enemys. enemys stand in the same spot for serval minutes, they can see you through bushes but not glass, they can detect you from across the map. The game has a good pace at the start but then hits a wall as you go place to place not learning anything new AND THE ♥♥♥♥ING NIGHTMARE for me he spawned in the crew quaters and came up to me and one shotted me before I could move out of the way. The game perfers you to run but how am I spouse to do that when enemys can out run me. This game I would not recommend play the game that it has been compared to bioshock because it is alot better"
76561197993670834,Not Recommended,480490,33245725,Posted: 4 July,all,Zeph Grey,"Great game, bad build.  I love playing, but I've had to reload from saves after getting stuck on geometry more than once.  Enemy detection seems weird, you'll miss shots due to over-sized hitboxes on scenery, and various other little snags that will have you rushing for the quick load button.Overall, I enjoy it, but it's shockingly buggy for such a big name dev/publisher.  I'll can't recommend it as is."
,Not Recommended,480490,31731106,Posted: 13 May,all,Pignouf,Refunded.Text is unreadable without headache for me. Don't know who was in charge to do this dumb chroma abberation effect on text... it was a terrible idea.(red fonts in background of actuel text).
,Recommended,480490,31562566,Posted: 5 May,all,Dock master flex,"Imagine your back in rapture, but it had a bit of a makeover of black mesa. Extremely good game with great story-EDIT-Im was trying to referance Half life 1, and Bioshock"
,Not Recommended,480490,32139740,Posted: 2 June,all,Feed Me Pallets,"I really really really want to like this game. It's made by Arkane Studios, who made the absolutely fantastic Dishonored 1 and Dishonored 2 games. That franchise is one of my favorites of all time, so I expected Prey to enthuse me just as much.But....it hasn't. At least not yet. I have played through the game one full time and I am trying to do a second one. I don't know if it just hasn't ""clicked"" for me yet or not, but the game for me is a tedious romp. The following list lists the reasons why I think so:1. The game is too hard. I am playing on Normal and Easy, yet it sure doesn't feel like it. Enemies are still crammed into every room, and they still deal enormous amounts of damage. Heck, there was even one time where I arrived to the Lobby via the elevator and encountered a Telepath literally shoving its face into the door. There was also a fire phantom and a technopath, as the buttons were jammed. How exactly is this fair? I only survived through that because the game graciously decided to spawn the telepath a little farther way when I reloaded it post-death for the sixth time. For the final half of the game, all I could do was sprint past everything with the time slow ability. I couldn't do jack against anything. Fun fact: that strategy is not fun.2. The game punishes you for not embarking on a multi-hour scavenger hunt. One of the reasons I love the Dishonoreds is that open-ended exploration is entirely optional. Runes and Bonecharms, important items that are not required but extremely helpful, have their own little quest markers when you equip a certain item. I can enhance my character without doing a tedious scavenger hunt that provides little to no hints as to where anything useful is. Prey has extremely useful if not essential items that are locked away to those who do not embark on an extended scavenger hunt. It's like if Arkane got rid of the item in the Dishonoreds that showed you where the runes and bonecharms are and then proceeded to hide them much better. One instance of this is a weapon known as the Q-Beam. I had no idea that it even existed until I researched the game online. I never once came across it in my first play through of the game. This is an entire weapon that is highly useful against boss creatures that I couldn't even find. It was locked for me because I don't find rumaging through every single cabinet in existence or investigating every single square meter of every room that I am in to be fun. It's tedious and boring. Worse yet, the fact that every subsequent play through of the game will require me to redo the whole entire scavenger hunt completely destroys replay value for me.As much as I want to love the game.....I simply cannot. 4/10 if you don't have the saintly patience to scavenge for hours."
76561198042537457,Not Recommended,480490,33326755,Posted: 6 July,all,Omnipotent Entity,"Had to stop half way playing thru because an essential story object dissapears into the ground (known bug since launch with multiple yt videos on the subject)So as much as i have the feeling that this might be a nice game story and game mechanics wise , you have good chance of haing to start 20h of gameplay over becuase of game breakinbg bugs.No thank you"
76561197982769910,Not Recommended,480490,34386124,Posted: 20 August,all,Pony,"The mechanics of the game are fun and challenging; no real issues there, though it could have been deeper.  The jump-scare bits were a good, if not cheap, way of getting good immersion, but the humans in the game really dragged the immersion down.  I kept saying that they felt more alien than the aliens... silly as it may sound."
,Not Recommended,480490,32178161,Posted: 4 June,all,Perfect Storm,"BUGGY BUGGY, sevral game brakeing issues... makes replay a must if you want you 100% for things you did already."
76561198045076033,Not Recommended,480490,32154068,Posted: 3 June,all,itsheresomewhere,"This game is very average and incredibly dull punctuated by moments of frantic running away from large mobs that can be incredibly unbalanced. Resources are finite and unless you go down the powers route this game enjoys♥♥♥♥♥♥blocking you are every turn.  Zones repopulate and soak up a lot of your ammo. Many occasions I found myself reduced to gloo gun and wrench. In some extreme cases I literally had to run through the zones. Clearly this game wants you to go down the powers route and this is backed up by the, at times, overwhelming opposition you can run into. For example in the last hour of me playing this (i did not finish the game, this ecounter put paid to that) I ran into 3 corrupted drones. 4 mimics. 2 electrical phantoms and a Nightmare incident and all I had done was go through a door to a previous zone. Literally got through the door and ran into what I described earlier one after the other. Needless to say that was that for me. Looks amazing. Combat is solid. But tbh I found this game to be a massive chore. Mediocre 5/10"
76561198050172323,Not Recommended,480490,32812781,Posted: 26 June,all,Mistercheese,basically bioshock but without any fun.
,Not Recommended,480490,31982312,Posted: 26 May,all,brad67676,"Prey is a game with many flaws. The first hour or so of the game is very intriguing, interesting and fun. The mimics at first are a very interesting enemy that you dont expect and the puzzles feel like when you first get the portal gun in the game of the same name. and the space section is kinda cool and the station has an initial mystery about it that quickly goes away but was cool while it lasted.This quickly changes once you realise that pretty much every puzzle beyond this is identical and areas are either hid behind ""use gloo to jump up here"" or get a different upgrade to open some medicore door, no puzzle required. The combat in itself was relatively tedious to start with but basically doubles when you fight the bigger enemies that just arent fun to play against, not frustrating, not hard, just not fun at all. they dont seem to realise they are being attacked most of the time like you are shooting peas at them and you dont seem to either barring your vision going dark (which is a super strange mechanic anyway and I don't like it). The mimics also lose all appeal early once you realise they just start of hidden in a room, rarely sneak in when you arent looking and don't try to hide again after attacking once, which makes them pointless, even moreso once you find the psycho scope.The game is beginning to feel more and more like a slog as time goes on, im just going between rooms ticking boxes. Just completing meaningless objectives to get meaningless rewards or progression to a story that doesn't seem to go anywhere.I cannot speak for the end as I havent reached it yet but at this moment i cannot reccomend this game and I don't see that changing in the last couple of hours. The game has become a real slog and im finding it really difficult to find the energy to even continue with it.Edit: The game ran very well and aside from getting stuck in the floor once and have one enemy shoot me through a wall I experienced no bugs. Though i have a very good PC so I would expect it to run well."
76561197992019981,Not Recommended,480490,33360590,Posted: 7 July,all,stimulus,"$80 CAD for like 3 (maybe 4 enemy models?). If you can get over that, than yea its okay.Get it on sale."
76561197973546950,Not Recommended,480490,35203775,Posted: 25 September,all,OCC,"What did this game add to this genre? Not much... The gameplay is a mix of similar games and even the art style is a copy (logos are from Bioshock for example). Engine is dated and that is quite visible on the graphics. Not scary at all, and have barely any story in it. Voice acting is excellent however.I felt bad for the enemies as I see no reason why we fight. They have no motivation, just ""they are not capable of feeling compasson for another being"" or some other BS. They all died at the business end of my upgraded shotgun but for what? So that more can spawn next time I walk these halls? After a while they stopped being a threat and just became a nuisscance.Gameplay got tideious after a while and I just quit. Could not find it interesting to fight yet another one of those mind controlling aliens.I'll wait for System Shock 3."
,Recommended,480490,31550018,Posted: 4 May,all,bog except spooky,"Well would you look at that, it doesn't run like♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198100504393,Not Recommended,480490,32210461,Posted: 5 June,all,Deh Dragon,So Bethesda thinks its a ♥♥♥♥ing awsome idea to chop off the most needed material in the game to craft anything and expects you to get through the rest of the game with a wrench.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥YOU
76561198212014651,Recommended,480490,34283681,Posted: 16 August,all,brandonhaybert,Good
,Recommended,480490,32579451,Posted: 19 June,all,DragonSlingerYT,"BEFORE DOWNLOADING THIS GAME PLEASE!...Hello Everyone, I Bought This Game For $59.99 It Was Perfect Until... When It Finished Downloading It Said ""You Need A GPU With A D3D 11.0 Uptate To Play""...If A Administrator Is Reading This Please Warn People Of This Message! BTW A GPU Is A Graphics Processer For A Compuer Witch Cost Up To $100... So Please Watch Out For This!... If You Have A GPU Then Yes, I Recommend This Game For You... Thank You!"
,Recommended,480490,33277116,Posted: 5 July,all,CSGOWitch.com BabyJohnny,VERY GOOD
,Not Recommended,480490,34599623,Posted: 29 August,all,kraemahz,"This game is not playable.I'd really love system shock-style games, but right now it is crashing constantly. I cannot possible recomment a game I cannot play due constant crashes."
,Recommended,480490,31554148,Posted: 4 May,all,PlutoniumMuffin,System Shock  Mixed with some Bioshock  10/10
,Recommended,480490,31649933,Posted: 9 May,all,Hail,"The game is great, but not great enough to be worth 60$ would reccomend on sale"
,Recommended,480490,35170496,Posted: 23 September,all,Zesky/G,Yes
,Recommended,480490,32050308,Posted: 29 May,all,Angry__Bull,Very Fun
,Recommended,480490,31583978,Posted: 6 May,all,اَللّٰهُ أَكْبَر,"Hey, its pretty good"
76561198145765595,Recommended,480490,31571629,Posted: 5 May,all,cyber,"graphics are really nice bet one thing is health, I die alot."
76561198371696203,Recommended,480490,31672350,Posted: 10 May,all,Beckket,If you miss trhat old school vibe of bioshock pick this game im in love with the game.
76561198123809760,Not Recommended,480490,31665966,Posted: 10 May,all,Grif VII,"I personally am probably the minority, but I just didn't enjoy the game play. I didn't enjoy the pace and the story for me was not at all compelling. Didn't get sucked into it and didn't want to keep playing."
76561198213863992,Not Recommended,480490,31677271,Posted: 10 May,all,FaShowAllDay,"I found the enemies to be an annoyance to fight, rather than being fun.  That is a deal breaker for me."
76561198000511546,Not Recommended,480490,33679339,Posted: 20 July,all,Kenjinn,"I bought Prey after watching a 10-minute let’s play by Frankie1080p. Controls took a bit to get use to not bad though. Graphics and the story are top notch but its lacking content, I won’t give away any spoiler’s but I beat the game in 26hours. As a First-person shooter, you only have a choice of 5 guns, 1 you don’t get until near the end and 1 melee weapon, so weapon verity Is very limited, another major issue is the constant loading screen every 5-10 minutes, some spots you load into a room just to load back out of it and there is no way around it. So, in conclusion is the game worth $59.99, with only single player, unlikely to see DLC, no co-op or multiplayer. the conclusion is no the game is not worth the money."
76561197982696627,Not Recommended,480490,34015102,Posted: 4 August,all,CyberPunk,"This game worked perfectly with a controller before, but after the new update it's unplayable with a controller. You are basically forced to play the game with a mouse and keyboard if you want to play the game."
76561198100968879,Not Recommended,480490,32056223,Posted: 29 May,all,CptSmökGrnädFckFceExtraordnair,"It really isn't that Prey is a bad game. It was just so dissapointing. I love scifi, and I love all the game's inspirations, but that is exactly where Prey's problems lie. It feels more like a poorly done combination of games like Bioshock, SOMA, and Dead Space than it does its own game, except that it loses sight of what made those other games great.The gameplay is middling, and by the time you've reached the halfway mark, I'm sorry to say you've found every weapon in the game. But that doesn't really matter, because you can just upgrade the first one you find and use it the whole game. Because of that, I found it hard to continue playing after a while, and replayability suffers greatly. However, Neuromods were a strong addition to the game, and saved a lot of the gameplay, even though they did have their problems (mostly story related).Prey's storyline is really what ruined the game for me, and I'll try to explain why without spoiling. First of all, it seems incredibly rushed. They raise a lot of plot points, such as Morgan's heritage, or the ethics of neuromods, and while some of these become important, the vast majority of them are simply overlooked. For instance (Mild spoiler),The game indicates that using typhon mods may corrupt you, and there is an achievement for not using them, yet when, later in the game, a creature called ""the nightmare"" shows up, you are told it is hunting you because you installed typhon mods, regardless of whether or not you used any typhon neuromods. Secondly, Arkane seems obsessed with unecessary choice in recent games. When Dishonored 2 was released, I ended the game convinced that Corvo should not have been a playable character. He was great in the first game, but in the second Arkane just muddled the canon and stunted character growth. They do the same thing in Prey by allowing Morgan to be male or female. Instead of creating two different characters, they may as well have just been palette-swaps, and that really hurts Morgan's character arc, as you can tell that the game was designed with this flexibility in mind. I can't really articulate my last point without spoiling the game, so let me just say that, as for the end of the game(easily my least favorite aspect of Prey),whoever wrote it must've missed 2nd grade English class.In conclusion, Prey is a good game, but it isn't GOTY material, it isn't a revolutionary story, and it isn't worth $60."
76561198373322912,Not Recommended,480490,33474029,Posted: 12 July,all,Isabelle,so  costly  and  i  dont  like  it.
,Recommended,480490,31548389,Posted: 4 May,all,alreadyTaken,"Not only it literally surprises you (damn you mug cups!), this game is surprisingly so well made and fun to play"
76561197982715519,Not Recommended,480490,31982952,Posted: 26 May,all,Coynepurse,"I generally don't write reviews but I made an exception with this game because it seems to me most of the community is suffering from some collective delusion. This game is not as good as everyone is saying it is. I mean, make a list: enemy design is so basic that every enemy looks exactly the same, just different sizes; weapon design is mediocre with so little variety that you'll likely only use two or three different ones throughout the whole game; level design is chaotic and nonsensical with so much backtracking it makes me wonder if they were just too lazy to make more or actually thought palyers would ok with running through the same space over and over; core gameplay is boring and gimicky at best with only a couple of skill tree paths really being effective, rendering all else basically useless tricks. I love Bethesda and usually they make great games but this one is a sad red-headed step child that isn't quite as bad as say, Brink, but it's pretty bad. #refund."
,Not Recommended,480490,34747423,Posted: 4 September,all,Chev,"it's bioshock but worse. go play system shock 2, it's better in just about every way."
76561198067274779,Not Recommended,480490,34435841,Posted: 23 August,all,genry.ten,"Prey is like a low-quality Bioshock. You wake up in a city / station under the ocean / in  space. You're forced to use Plasmids / Neuromods to gain fantastic powers to combat the mutants / aliens that have infested the city / station. I never finished Prey (and never will, I can just download Bioshock!), but I can only assume the parallels only continue.All of this might be forgivable if the gameplay was on-par with Bioshock. It is not. You're given numerous side-quests that you can't complete until you advance the main quest, but it never bothers to tell you this. The objective tracker will turn on and off without warning or explanation. The area maps fail to highlight entry points to different floors (stairs, elevators, etc). The Weapon upgrade system is unimaginative and unrewarding, as are the Neuromods.Finally, the game never explains the insultingly obvious plothole involved in Neuromods. Neuromods essentially rewrite the user's brain to grant new skills and knowledge. Need to learn French fast? Use a Neuromod. But this doesn't explain how a Neuromod can extend one's lifespan by 75 years or grant alien abilities. If Neuromods were a product of genetic engineering (like Plasmids), yes maybe. But they aren't.In short, if you're interested in this game, get Bioshock. It's cheaper and better."
,Not Recommended,480490,31611522,Posted: 7 May,all,Nohomo,So game looks ok but crashes constantly if you save it or if you clear out an area and go back to it everything reverts back to as if you have never been there bethesda should just stop making games its 2017 shouldnt be problems like this also bethesda is doing nothing sending out no patches nothing. they are stupid dont get this game
76561198259323411,Recommended,480490,31553524,Posted: 4 May,all,5ean5ean,Good so far...still trying to figure out if the screen tearing is apart of the game or is a bug; hoping for the first since I have a gsync monitor. Either way its the only gripe I have since starting the game.... very annoying. 3440 x 1440p at 100 FPS maxed settings with a 1080ti. I havent been this happy with optimization since Doom.
76561198061270539,Not Recommended,480490,31847667,Posted: 19 May,all,Jaxx,"its not that great tbh..... all the hype and £40 down , its just not worth it.... neuromods are not really used and its entire 4 weapons are just crap i went through this full game using a wrench , believe it or not, i cant recrommend this game at this price, wait for sale, story just dont crip me like other sci fi games have, dead space craps all over this i mean every enemy is like a black mist its just not that fun, you can just run the entire game to next section......"
76561198138927472,Not Recommended,480490,34692258,Posted: 2 September,all,rol,"This game is not for me. I saved a lot of ammo for my pistol, but there are loads of enemies which requires ammo. In the end I had no ammo anymore and no recycled blocks. Game over for me. I uninstalled it."
,Not Recommended,480490,34497114,Posted: 25 August,all,Willøw,"At 1st, this game was amazing. Then they patched it and, for those that like to play with a controller, now the game is nearly unplayable. And the dev team has yet to even address the issue they created, let alone fix it. Shameful and imo all it is doing is pushing people away from their products. My advice is to download the demo, see if it is #ucked to♥♥♥♥♥♥like the full version and make your decision from there. Atm this game is AWFUL. Once they fix the controller and massive stutter issues this game will be back to being a premium purchase. For now...its a giant turd.That being said, I cannot recommend this game in its current state. Shameful, Bethesda, shameful. Fix this already or offer refunds to those you screwed over."
76561198067061329,Not Recommended,480490,34493885,Posted: 25 August,all,Mathias-The-Bear,was lots of fun until it stopped working one day and cant be played for more than 10 minuites without random crashes >:(
76561197960530172,Not Recommended,480490,33113502,Posted: 1 July,all,John (I leave games running),Slow. I didn't enjoy the combat or the progression design.
,Not Recommended,480490,34429852,Posted: 22 August,all,Chicken Nugger,It feels like system shock series with a hd mod. If you want to pay alot of money for a series of games that are already out and you already own sure go for it. I do not care for this game it feel like bethesda just tried to cash in on the system shock series. Very dated feeling.
,Not Recommended,480490,32247704,Posted: 7 June,all,Rhyme'nocerous,Space segments are complrtly too difficult even on easy mode unlike dishonored if you cannot find projectiles during the hard parts you are utterly ♥♥♥♥ed
,Recommended,480490,31662214,Posted: 10 May,all,OhHaiMyGodDamnMaiz,ok
,Not Recommended,480490,34941936,Posted: 13 September,all,harmlesshamster,I found myself wondering at the detail they put into this space station and wandering about with infinite ammo than actually following a storyline.Remember Prey the original?That was better.
76561198324664623,Recommended,480490,34353566,Posted: 19 August,all,Cowboy Tanaka,thiz game is so goood
76561198045431891,Not Recommended,480490,31770473,Posted: 15 May,all,Beetle_juice,"I've played over an hour of this and so far the writing is decent, the game maintains a tense but captivating atmosphere and the mechanics of the game are refined and call back to early first person pc horror games like system shock. However, I can honestly say that I'm not going back to this for a few months despite all that. Bethesda have a long history of being too greedy to fund testing, just take a look at how broken all the recent fallout and elder scrolls games were, they havent changed this behaviour because mindless fanboys make jokes about it as though being ripped off by paying full price for a half finished product is a cause for patronage. But this... this game is the most broken thing I've ever had the displeasure of setting my eyes upon. It literally hard crashes (on average) every half hour, the frame rate is all over the place and glitches are boundless. I have a hardened stomach for broken bethesda products but holy s**t this is actually unplayable. Horror as a genre is already difficult enough, maintaining the atmosphere and creating a genuinely intimidating antagonist whilst keeping the pacing steady and incorporating half decent writing and memorable characters  is difficult! You can't do all that when the game is falling apart on every technical level like a second hand chinese motor-cycle! If you haven't yet bought this game wait until all the other suckers like myself have play tested it for bethesda and the game is patched up to post beta standards. Jesus f*ck...."
,Not Recommended,480490,31767477,Posted: 15 May,all,Richdoodle,"Was enjoying the game until I got to pick up the goo gun and BOOM the game froze and broke. I force quit started it up again, and the same thing happened. I only bought this game because I'd heard it was quite stable. Obviously I was incredibly wrong..."
,Recommended,480490,33225577,Posted: 4 July,all,DISSENSION,HL3
,Not Recommended,480490,31927936,Posted: 23 May,all,BBqWoa!,"Pros:-Somewhat intriguing environment and setting,-lovely art style - marred by inconsistent and dated overall fidelity and strange implementation.-good voice acting-very good - but spare - music (not a surprise given Mick Gordon of Doom fame.-very good sound designCons:-surprisingly janky feeling game. This is a huge shock given how smooth and slick Dishonored 1 and 2's movement feels. In Prey, you float around like in skyrim. You get stuck on geometry, you grapple up a ledge and then float off and fall. Bad, bad feeling game-incredibly half-baked controls and menus. It's like this is a port from consoles to an IBM XT PC, and the devs don't know how games are supposed to be played. I can't even describe it. Controls can be bound, but then trigger other functions in the game (bind special use to mouse 4, using special use exits your inventory too..awful)-glitches and performance issues. Frame pacing/stutter, reported locked 60+ but perceived judder, Z-fighting, textures not streaming to full quality (walk up to a surface and it stays low res sometimes etc)-Enormous audio glitches. walk through a glass window, smashing window sound plays but stops immediately once you pass into the next room. etc."
,Not Recommended,480490,31697425,Posted: 12 May,all,Cow Thighs,"I'm not quite sure what I should say about Prey. Almost everything in this game is ""meh"" and double sided with pros and cons. Is the game fun? I thought so, but constant problems linger the entire game.Firstly, the game is buggy. Constant bugs trap you or just flat out screw you out of quests so be prepared to reload older saves. Luckily the game auto saves every time you go to a new area do that's nice. I myself, have fallen out of the map 2 times in my 16hour playthrough, had bodies/quest objects disappear, and had the NPCs turn postal on me. As I said, with the auto saves it isn't too bad. However bugs are a bit too common to come by especially in this modern day. Expect a lot of Bethesda's typical ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t with this game.Secondly, Storage. There is no storage system in this game what so ever. You start with a tiny inventory and are expected to use your nueral mods (basically upgrade points) on getting a bigger suit inventory which is a waste, especially at first. Because of storage alone, a good 5 hours of my 16hour playthrough went into backtracking to melt down items into matter for later crafting use. The game even has tunnels for automated robots (operators) to deliver supplies and cargo to labs. They have a lore reason to make a bank-like system you can access almost anywhere and don't do it. It would have been a lot more pleasant to have a storage system instead of being a walking delivery truck late game.Thirdly, the map and it's maddening design which leads to back tracking. The problem with Talos 1 (the space station this game takes place on) is the damn thing is shaped like a tower with the main hub being in the middle. This makes it so you have to keep going one direction, up or down the station to get to your destination. This leads to hours of walking around the station in one direction with no enemies. It's just an empty station that randomly refills with enemies if you cleared it first thing like I did. Now the game does infact have airlocks for you to go into space and come back in at various parts of the station. However, airlocks are useless as you can't even unlock all of them until mid to late game when you unlock the first one around 40minutes in. Even with the airlocks you can't get to where you want and you still have a walk ahead of you. Going out an airlock is actually more of a hindrance or slower than just running through an empty station (in most cases until late game.) There is no fast travel, only shortcuts like the airlocks and main lift elevator which takes you to the top, middle, or bottom of the station. This was all highly annoying.Fourthly the combat is stale and repetitive. The game has no medium or long range weapons like an assault rifle or sniper. You're going to be relying on a shotgun for most tasks. This results in the same procedure for clearing every room. Sneak around up to enemies and kill them quickly with a few shots as a result of sneak damage boosts. If you mess up, you die and have to reload the room. Its nice they tried to do something new, but this idea overall hurt the gameplay by doing this. Ammo is already fairly rare on the station and you have to craft most of your own so it wouldn't hurt to have a medium/far range rifle. Unfortunately there are only 3 real different aliens (typhons) on this station. You got the mimics which are weak ""Half Life 2""-looking headcrabs that camoflauge as props and items around the station, phantoms which are your humanoid alien that pose a threat for a good chunk of the game (becoming completely obsolete after upgrades), and flying typhons. There are 3 totally different flying typhons but they all more or less play the same which is quite sad. They have a lot of health and slow but high damage AOE attacks.Fifthly, the crafting system is slow. You can only craft items one at a time in quantities of one which is a real time wasting activity saying how much you need to melt down items and craft useful items.Finally the ending. This is probably the weakest ending I've seen in a modern game which is saying a lot. I am not going to spoil anything but no matter what path you take the ending is almost entirely the same. Every quest path and choice you make takes you to the same ending with an exception of a handful lines of dialogue. This development team took every single shortcut they possibly could to reuse dialogue because they didn't want to spend a cent more than they had to on voice actors. Both the male and female player preset have the same name, and they avoid pronouns completely. This ultimately reappears in the game's endings as well. The only thing that truly changes ending to ending is a line or two of dialogue. Hours of effort in one path of decision making results in a measly handful of sentences in difference.Overall the game was okay, but it's clearly a Bethesda game. The bugs, mediocre story, lack of lore, terrible ending, and Bethesda's classic email and note writing. If you don't know what I mean about the emails and notes they basically go as follows: You go into an area which is clearly a location of sinister testing. A nearby terminal will be coworkers talking about ""huh I wonder why we need all this __________ (insert name of material used for killing people.)"" Definitely wait for a sale, the gameplay does not carry the game enough due to the close range sneaking I mentioned earlier."
,Not Recommended,480490,33569227,Posted: 15 July,all,KiZerRoll,"BORING...I was looking for a decent action game to play with a good story so I did some research on this. From what I saw and heard this would be pretty fun. Instead it was boring as hell.I wasn't expecting anything rediculous like DOOM but I at least expected something along the lines of Bioshock. Instead what you get is a game that is much closer to Alien Isolation. I hated Alien Isolation and this game was no exception. If you are into that kind of game then go for it but if not steer clear. I admit that the intro was great, and when I shattered that first piece of glass into the real world of the game I thought I was about to indulge in a good time. However, it's all down hill from there.Gameplay:Gamplay is really boring and slow. Seams like they want you to use stealth a lot but they didn't put any stealth mechanics in the game (except crouching, whoopy...). Combat is also unecassarily difficult. I had the game on the easiest setting and I was getting slaughtered by the weakest enemies (mimics) and it seems really hard to aim for some reason. Kept missing with the wrench when I was .5 inches away. All enemy types seem boring and uninteresting, just dark shadow blobs. Getting into doors was also a hassle. Needed to track down random keycards or passwords that could have been literally anywhere and was just overwhelmingly tedious. Boring weapons, boring useless powers, boring level design, only conversations are through a radio instead of in person, it just seems like they didn't do anything right and put as little effort as they could into it.Graphics:The graphics are also horrible. I mean they aren't the worst I've ever seen and I know graphics aren't everything, but I excpected a lot more from a AAA game released in 2017. Especially since it is in 1st person and the PC recommended specs being so high it was definitely a let down, which means optomization is probably poor as well. It just seemed like some weird hybrid between current gen and last gen. Plenty of other games released way earlier than this that still blow this out of the water graphically.Overall:Just a bland, uninspiring, disappointing, game with nothing decent to offer. It's a shame really, because the story actually seemed like it was going to be really interesting. Everything else was so bad however, that I couldn't be bothered to care. Oh and for those who are saying it gets much better after 10 hours or so, umm...no. I don't care if it does because you should not have to waste that much time for something to get good. That's called bad writing/game design. If i'm not pulled in within 30 min or so then it won't be good. The only good experience I had from this game was that I was fortunate enough to be able to get a refund.Score = 3/10"
76561198170178849,Not Recommended,480490,31759143,Posted: 14 May,all,Sentinel,I know...... I know... you may despise this review but I just cant get into this game. Its just Bioshock w/a little Deus-Ex paint playing tag with the mutagen from RE5. Thats it. Im Bored. Thanks.
76561198322396571,Not Recommended,480490,31749134,Posted: 14 May,all,Pooh_l3ear,"All you do in this game is unlock doors to progress the story.Occasional enemy encounters uses up all your resources forcing you to look around for junk to recycle into ammo. Problem is, you never find anything unique or cool after the first hour. Once you get you wrench, gloo gun, pistol, and shot gun, thats it.. for the whole game.It's always a chore looking around for a key card or password to a door that contains a key card or password to unlock a door that contains a key card or password to open a safe that contains five 9mm rounds.Skip it"
,Not Recommended,480490,31654814,Posted: 9 May,all,FrostByte,"NON-STORY RELATED SPOILER ALERT:Game is fun if you enjoy playing with 3 different types of weapons only. you have no choice. You use one of the 3, if not all 3. That's it. Oh, and you get them all within 30-45 minutes of the game, if not sooner than that.Game had a flawless release. No major bugs/glitches or crashes. IF Prey deserves GoTY, then it's ONLY because of the flawless release. Game is not worth the $60 pricetag, unless it includes all future DLC's, if there are any. There is no New Game + mode, and no word if they'll release it from what I see.If a friend owns this game, I suggest trying it out first before buying. Do I regret buying it? For the $60 yes. I'd spend $30 on this game in a heart beat, but not a penny more. It would have been very easy for them to implement 5 other weapon varieties, such as a chain saw, assult rifle, sub machine gun, flame thrower - but no. You get a wrench, pistol, and shotgun.Also - There are about 8 different enemies types, of which all lose the ""horror"" feature after you get your first chipset so you can identify hidden enemies (like mimics) so there is no horror/scary moments anymore. There are NO areas/rooms where there are no lights and requiring a flash light. Hell, I didn't even know I had a flashlight until about 2 hours into the game when I accidentily pushed the button.Would I accept a refund? In a heart beat. Will I play this game anymore? Probably not. Havn't beaten campaign, but due to reading a spoiler I'm not very far from it if I were to continue doing just main campaign."
76561198019601010,Not Recommended,480490,32113828,Posted: 1 June,all,Snappy 270,The game has been out for a month now and there are still game breaking bugs. Please wait before buying it.
76561198008563553,Not Recommended,480490,31673308,Posted: 10 May,all,Monolith,"Play through the whole game only to get to the last mission. Try to get to the bridge and the game just crashes over and over.So yeah, can't even find out the ending. Not impressed.Also the mission ""Ghosting Dahl"", once you put in the code for your tracking bracelet and leave Deep Storage the game crashes.In all honesty, the combat in this game is very dull compared to others, also loses it's fear factor very quick. For me about 3 hours in. You can basicly just run through the entire game with a shotgun. Very dull.Soundtrack was very well done and also the Side Characters aboard Talos 1 had great character relationships (Much like you would expect on a Space Station), However Main Story Character Development I felt was lacking. Voice Acting was very well done, and gave an awesome backstory to almost every room in the Space Station.Graphics look good, however not amazing (Running on highest setting, also very little FPS drop throughout entire playthrough), Character models (Human and Typhon) are basicly the exact same for every character in the game. Female and Male bodies you find have almost no features unique to that specific character in the game.Storyline was predictable, there were a few instances where it would take a turn that gave you some *insight* into what is really going on however because of game stability, (End-game Crashing) I can not really give my take on the ending...Inventory system and crafting is simple. Not really much there you actually CAN do. Suit modifcations were heavily below expectations.All in all, I really am not impressed the game crashes, especially near the ending... I can't even finish the game so until that is fixed, I am not willing to recommend this game to other Gamers."
,Not Recommended,480490,33049385,Posted: 30 June,all,Dalek:.,"I haven't completed the game yet, but my initial thoughts so far is that I don't like the movement or the feel of the game, and it is very difficult on 'Normal', as I've died countless times. The story isn't really interesting and the overall game just feels like a mix between Bioshock and Deus Ex: Human Revolution.The motion blur is also really horrible in this game, and thankfully you can disable it through editing a .cfg file. Why is the crosshair not in the middle of the screen either?The weapons have very little ammo, making you rely on stealth a fair bit of the time, but it's very difficult to sneak around when you're spotted very easily. I do like the GLOO cannon as you can use it so interact with the environment to block out fire, enemies, electrical things, etc. Other than that, I haven't really enjoyed playing the game."
76561198023306565,Not Recommended,480490,32824549,Posted: 26 June,all,albadalarian,"Please patch the game to stop the respawn of ennemies...Prey starts as an awesome game; I even started it (after 1 hour digging out how to play it) in VR, taking Modern Warfare profile to make it work. Unfortunately, the game is not easy, running low on ammo etc. And I am not a beginner, playing all kind of games since 20 years. But the ""ennemy respawn"" is I think killing the game... Just WHY Bethesda ?? WHY ? Have you seen Half Life games respawning ennemies ? So my computer crashed (it happens once every 3 months), and when reloading, I had to face 5 to 7 new Phantom creatures + 4 corrupted engines etc. Did Bethesda ""respawn"" the ammo, no... This was a show stopper..."
76561198061236061,Recommended,480490,31554178,Posted: 5 May,all,badtz_mmic,very very nice
,Not Recommended,480490,34539263,Posted: 27 August,all,joewidd,The game audio was terrible.  You would hit something and there was no contact noise.  Then when an enemy came at you you couldn't tell from where.  It ruined the game for me.
76561198096453739,Not Recommended,480490,31888760,Posted: 21 May,all,☢ Orangish?,waste of money. great game but its just broken. plays fine all day. after turning on my P.C the next day it crashes my graphics driver. i have to uninstall and reload the driver EVERY time after playing prey and only happens after i play this game.
,Not Recommended,480490,33297303,Posted: 5 July,all,Doctor Antelope,This is the most frustrating game I have played in a long time...
76561197997990303,Not Recommended,480490,32785265,Posted: 25 June,all,-KGB-Calzone47,Meeehhhh.... Just not for me...
76561198398935094,Not Recommended,480490,34908538,Posted: 12 September,all,Hal2M,It's the most boring of the century. Complete waste of money and time
76561198013534682,Not Recommended,480490,31893087,Posted: 21 May,all,Necrokamios,"I want to say its fun and its gameplay is solid. I do want to warn some of you however, this game is far from original.I feel like this game takes the best of gameplay mechanics from several similar series, drops them in a somewhat generic setting that quickly becomes uninteresting.Think of it like this. If you've played Dishonored (1,2), Deus Ex (1,3,4), Bioshock (1,2,3), System Shock (1,2), you will see shockingly similar gameplay in terms of: Perks (not done well in this game tbh, a bit boring), FPS feel, Inventory, looting. You may think I have listed a mere few aspects, but this is actually the majority of what you do. You proceed through the story, find (or make) perk upgrades, kill generic enemies (interesting at start, boring quickly), go through objectives, loot stuff to make more perk points or ammo, see different zones, rinse and repeat.My advice, if you've played more than 3 of the games I've listed above, don't spend £40 on it, wait for a sale. Sadly there's just not enough originality here to make me feel like I can get into it. In dishonored you have stronger characters, more entertaining powers and the ability to stealth approach or have a variety of approaches through the great level design. Prey does what it can, but you're on a space station, you're constricted in the approaches you can do, and this often results in shooty shooty bang bang with a shotgun and 9mm pstol that could have existed in any other game. Deus Ex by comparison has better characters, more interesting perks, level design and stealth is just so damn fun.I like Arkane Studios, they ARE the guys who made Dishonored and some other games I enjoy like Dark Messiah (kick to win). But this is not one of those games that I feel manages to stand on its own with a solid identity. If you're not used to these kinds of games, then Prey will probably leave a good impression on you. This game reaches the point where I was forgetting I was actually mid way through a playthrough of it."
,Not Recommended,480490,31778144,Posted: 15 May,all,Ness Mess,"I think the story is boring, the graphics are very simple and boring and the character is boring. I was so hyped up for this game and I am awfully disappointed. Nothing really made me want to play it and honestly I was just really bored the whole 3 hours. Refunded and won't be buying it again."
,Not Recommended,480490,32550137,Posted: 18 June,all,[Bio] Velrek,"I really wanted to like Prey, but in the end it felt like a chore to play it."
,Not Recommended,480490,31627073,Posted: 8 May,all,Shortycake,I want a refund.This is a walk and jump simulator with 1 enemy per hour.This game is about collecting trash and recyling it into bullets.You will hardly spend time shooting enemies because most of the time is spent collecting trash.I really want a refund.
,Not Recommended,480490,34407538,Posted: 21 August,all,Xiphoris,"Prey is simply far too difficult of a game to be fun. As an experienced player of FPS games, I get wrecked with every single encounter on the second easiest setting (normal). The game doesn't give you the tools to deal with the monsters that you face.If the point of the game is just to sneak around every encounter, then that's fine, but that's not at all the game that was advertised to me. The game has minimal stealth mechanics, and I simply do not possess weapons capable of defeating the enemies that I face (e.g. fire phantoms).The game doesn't meet expectations and is simply far too difficult to be fun. Google search for ""prey too difficult"" and you'll see dozens of threads with the same feedback."
76561198393815283,Not Recommended,480490,34445035,Posted: 23 August,all,mksager7,"I could not be more dissapointed in this game!!! The controls are clumsy, difficult to navigate and unable to use xbox controller. The game itself is unoriginal and just plain BLAHHH. I seriously want a refund. I wish I could write how dissapointing this game is in more detail but then I would be forced to think about it. I just want to forget I played it."
76561198019700657,Not Recommended,480490,34493458,Posted: 25 August,all,perfectfailure87,"Okay, it's not a terrible game. I just don't think they knew what they wanted to do with it. It's part survival horror (even though the enemies aren't scary), it's part RPG in that you can level up skills in a convoluted way, and it's of course an action/FPS game.My problem is that it's A) repetivite as hell, B) annoying to deal with enemies (ammo can be scarce, the enemies take too many hits or you take too few to die, i just had it where an enemy attacked me through glass and I can't attack back), and C) not very interesting or provocative.Also, a few hours into the game you get a sensor that you wear on your head. IT'S SO ANNOYING. It makes a racket, who would wear that!? If you buy this game, be prepared to revisit locations a half dozen times, and generally feel like ""what's the point"" or ""why don't we just suicide and let the aliens rot on this space craft?"""
,Not Recommended,480490,31673599,Posted: 10 May,all,Skylord_Kosmo,"The game is full of bugs.  I spontaneously lose weapons (fully upgraded shotguns, pistols, etc).  No, I am not dropping them.  It happens when I enter certain areas.  It's an okay game, but the bugs make it unbearable and frustrating.On top of that, tumors and stuff like that won't stack properly in my inventory.  I'm glad they found a use for the engine after the failure of Dishonored 2, but they released an untested product.UPDATE:  Having now completed the game, I am still very disappointed.  Side quests and choices make little to no difference.  Sneaking is clunky at best, shooting is good though.  Overall, the game gets a 4 out of 10 from me."
76561198048905617,Not Recommended,480490,31695874,Posted: 11 May,all,em3ryguy,"You run around and find hidden objects while enemies  randomly popup and try to kill you.Even the easy setting is hard.Enemies respawn into areas you just cleared.Neuromods are very scarce and its impossible to know whether a given neuromod will be worth it.You just have to try it and see.Its more about just surviving than about being clever or planning ahead.Reminds me of ""Sir you are being hunted""."
76561198079518631,Not Recommended,480490,31737144,Posted: 13 May,all,Redrobin,Bought this game this morning after i was told by a friend that the corrupted file glitch was fixed. Got home from work to play and after about 2 hours of gameplay i died for the first time. I attempted to load my save and it is corrpted. please fix the game so i can play it i was really enjoying it!!!
,Not Recommended,480490,31903470,Posted: 22 May,all,Sapidianus,The amount of gamebreaking bugs make this game unplayable.
76561197968566451,Not Recommended,480490,31737996,Posted: 13 May,all,Toxic_Salty_Trash,40 hrs in the game and I can no longer enter the neuromod division and game crashes to desktop. Nice . Refund requested.
76561198254721507,Not Recommended,480490,32832940,Posted: 26 June,all,ezoe,"At first impression, this game is so promising.Game starts in typical science fiction plot where the protagonist is memory wiped, VR-living test subject and some kind of alien life-from attacked during the experiment. Then, the protagonist waked up and realized that he was living in simulated environment, break the glass wall, and venture to the now ruined space station.Then, the actual gameplay waked me up. It doesn't fun at all.For the first few hours, you don't even have a gun. You have to swing wrench to kill some really boring black enemy things. The first gun is not a weapon, it's just a game gimmick device which allows you to create platforms. It wasn't fun at all. Other proper guns are also pathetic and feels like a toy gun.It looks like this game also has Bioshock-like power, but I can't get to that point because this game is so boring. I wonder why the game doesn't give a proper weapons and power right from the beginning.All in all, this game is boring and not worth your money for."
76561198018718616,Not Recommended,480490,32286774,Posted: 9 June,all,Paskis,"I played for 10 hours then gave up. There's a lot to take in.  The choice of weapons isn't about preference, they all are required for different functions. Visual game design is impressive and there's some original aspects. I found too often I was left unsure what to do, how to do it, where to do it, and with nothing particularly interesting to occupy me while doing it."
,Not Recommended,480490,32283433,Posted: 8 June,all,Markovian Parallax Denigrate,"Pretty boring and repetative overall. It has about 5 enemy types that are all pretty standard the only interesting one is the mimic which is basically a headcrab. The weapon choices are total garbage with about 2 useful weapons in the whole game the gloo gun and the shotgun and the puzzles boil down to finding an opening to a room and using the gloo gun to get there. It's like the puzzles from Portal 2 but somehow worse.The abilties are poor as hell with about 4 damage skills which basically all do the same thing, the mimic skill which is only used to get into small openings and the machine mind skill to take over bots. Every other skill is a passive or useless.This is also not a horror game you might get a jump scare from a mimic here and there but you're never really in an overall tense situation where you can actualy get scared. The story is also pretty bad towards the end, it starts off pretty well with you being an amnesiatic and no idea what to do or whats going on but just goes down hill from there. It basically ends in a generic ""It was a dream"" ending while trying to decide if you were a good boy or bad boy to make actions seem like they mattered and then it sets up a sequel.Overall this is a pretty bad game that comes no where close to; System shock, half life, deus ex, ect like everyone keeps claiming and the most dynamic gameplay you will get even on nightmare mode is pressing two different buttons on one of the few enemy types to kill it."
76561198145741587,Not Recommended,480490,31843083,Posted: 19 May,all,Matt,"Sent for refund. 40 pound is absoloutly not worth it for a single player game. i thought bethesda arakakanananannaanan  could of possibly dont a great job on this seeing as though all my favourite single player titles are bethesda titles but na i mean its decent, graphics are good but its very repetitive even from the start the story doesnt really grab you and its just not as great as i expected. however i would of paid £15-20 for this. SO TO CONCLUDE. just wait for a steam sale :)"
76561198255805493,Not Recommended,480490,32916310,Posted: 27 June,all,Hank Hell,The crosshair is off-center
76561198040090051,Not Recommended,480490,33326574,Posted: 6 July,all,Da Vinci,Bethesda could have been working on TES VI instead of this garbage.
,Recommended,480490,31553629,Posted: 4 May,all,noc9109,Alieans: f**k f**k f**k human is coming where should I hide oh f**k he got Bob oh no oh no oh no hs's coming for me run run run run run
,Not Recommended,480490,31562307,Posted: 5 May,all,MrTuxCat,"- It was listed as about 20 hours to beat the game, it took me less than 10.- Every enemy you face is a bullet sponge and you'll barely find any ammo, which leads to you mostly running up to them and smacking them with a wrench.- A lot of the fights require you to use your psi abilities, which means some times you'll constantly die over and over again because you dont have enough hypos- Most of the powers are just reskins of eachother, it makes me think that the devs ran out of ideas when it came closer to release... Well you could use a yellow explosion that can hurt enemies, or a red one that is firey, or a blue electric one, or maybe a purple one that looks like the stuff that comes out of you after a night of heavy drinking.- Have i mentioned nightmares yet? Ohh those are the dudes that will ♥♥♥♥ up your day just for upgrading your skills a bitOVERALLThey tired to combine dishonored with bioshock, but decided to put it in space so no one would think they're copying anything. And they wanted to make it one of those popular ""Fun because their difficult"" games, but failed misurably due to how they tried to execute it. I'd recommend to wait till it's on sale, all you're paying for is to be really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at a gameI'll add that the I comepletely love the storyline of the campaign, it left me with saying ""What the ♥♥♥♥ is that thing"" over and over again. And just look at the game, you're facing aliens with a wrench, you can't tell me that this isn'tHalf Life 3"
,Not Recommended,480490,33321303,Posted: 6 July,all,Sturmhardt,"Boring. The design feels recycled from other games that are similar, the monsers SOUND and LOOK interesting, but in reality it is not very interesting to play against them. The idea that they can camouflage themselves is neat, but it doesn't really affect gameplay. Story is pretty meh so far. Graphics as well. I would refund this game if I had not played a few hours already."
76561198064448363,Recommended,480490,34397913,Posted: 21 August,all,realxyh81,"很优秀的游戏，这个游戏更像是本互动小说，从开头到结尾的情节都很震撼，情节跌宕起伏，而且翻译的也很好。优点，画面不错，剧本情节很好。很引人深思，声效很能衬托那种太空中的孤独和紧张情绪，缺点 ，要说唯一的缺点就是游戏的操控方面，技能太多，武器太多，快捷键位置，游戏中后期开始就需要频繁的切换技能滚轮来进行操作，很破坏游戏的操控感和节奏。而且子弹时间的技能太过于逆天，其他的技能相对来说都弱了点，各技能之间的强弱不一有点削弱了游戏的趣味还有这游戏不太适合心脏不好的人玩，其中有几个地方还是很恐怖的。提示一点，千万别去手贱点显示屏上的绿点，千万别点，千万别点，重要的话说三遍，嘻嘻Don't touch the green spot on the glass screen, don't touch it!"
76561198220783224,Not Recommended,480490,32468618,Posted: 16 June,all,Charlinath,"This game is like System Shock 2 meets Dishonored. And Bioshock.It's less fun than all three, though, with some crappy enemies and annoying combat.Buy it when it's cheap but the devs don't deserve full price for such an annoying game."
76561198059859971,Not Recommended,480490,31558401,Posted: 5 May,all,MrWelshLlama,"It feels like this game is being praised far too highly. The first 30 minutes were interesting and the setting is fairly creepy. However, once the game gets going, I found the combat is uninspired and clunky, exploration boring and enemies not as interesting as they initially seemed.I've only played two hours and to me it already feels tedious... Not a good sign.I encourage you to try it yourself, but you may feel the same way and refund at the two hour mark."
,Not Recommended,480490,31593705,Posted: 6 May,all,BillGatez / Blueƒoxx™,"Interesting wepons and powers.Combat is nothing special and haveing to smash every thing to find bad guys get tiresom.Visually it's on the level of Bioshock infinite, kind of disapointing as this is a game that uses the Cryengine.Controls are ok but they do suffer fome consolitis and you will have to change them.personally the game is not worth the 80 dollars canadian. So i am going to wait for is to goin on sale and buy it again."
,Recommended,480490,33160522,Posted: 2 July,all,BJgiver22,vry fun
,Not Recommended,480490,31587410,Posted: 6 May,all,Remaker,"TLDR: I can't ask for a refund so I'll probaly try to finish it though I doubt I'm not going to get bored to death.I haven't finished the game just yet but I've spent about 10 hours in this game in the last 2 days while hoping with each passing hour that the overall feeling will improve. Unfortunetly it hasn't.It feel's like something (big) is missing.Some people are comparing this to Half-Life and I don't see why. There's no puzzles in the game nor the same amount of action as in the HL series.It seems pretty repetitive ... Go there, open that door, hide a bit, kill a creature (the same variation of some black fogish creature all over again)Graphic wise the game is subpar and Audio wise it kinda sucks. (Bad ambient music, strange sound design)------PRO:- core story is relatively interesting- runs perfectly at ultra with a constant 100+ fps on gt 1080 at 2k probably because graphis are subparCONS:- extremly slow pace, repetive, kinda get's old fast- graphics are subpar- sound design sucks especially ambient music- all monsters kinda look the same. They look great in screenshots but not that great while playing."
,Not Recommended,480490,34378250,Posted: 20 August,all,ickydevil,"It's like Bioshock and Dishonored, but not interesting. Just could not play to the end. It does some interesting things but man did it feel bland for story telling so I have to give it a thumbs down.08/20 - edited to make message clear."
,Not Recommended,480490,33241604,Posted: 4 July,all,HIB,"Finding the experience boring, would like a refund"
,Not Recommended,480490,32690269,Posted: 23 June,all,junk,"I was a HUGE, crazy fan of System Shock 2 so was really looking forward to this game especially considering all of the reviews it got.However the gameplay, plot, and the setting are just ""meh"".  The enemies were either irritating or insta-kill deadly.  At least in SS2 you could see (or more accurately hear) the enemies and plan you route around them or hide, in this game you either have to flail around trying to hit annoying headcrabs as they jump around all over the place, or just get insta-killed. I found myself reaching for the quit button fairly rapidly after being left entirely unengaged by the plot or gameplay.I was **really** looking forwad to this game a well so I am genuinely really disappointed.Refund requested."
,Not Recommended,480490,31779840,Posted: 15 May,all,MilSpec_RA,Mehhh boring...
76561198072994763,Recommended,480490,31554112,Posted: 4 May,all,sprats_1993,What Bioshock should've been.
76561198051010981,Not Recommended,480490,31809351,Posted: 17 May,all,BlackoutBrothers,"Fun at first then turns into the ammo crafting game. Where at all times you are struggling to have enough ammo. End game has infitite spawning enemies that almost make you blow through all your ammo regardless of how much you ""crafted""."
76561198103515291,Not Recommended,480490,32691666,Posted: 23 June,all,alganthe,"The game is unstable and keeps crashing / freezing despite having a configuration well above the recommended specs (I7 7700K, GTX 1080ti, game installed on an NVMe drive, 16GB DDR4)After trying the advices from the steam forums still no luck, I am refunding."
,Not Recommended,480490,31586824,Posted: 6 May,all,Killer,"Cannot recommend, especially for $60. I went into this game thinking it would be a cross between Dishonored and Bioshock, and for the most part this is what I experienced, but the game completely loses focus after a short time. The first hour and a half is spectacular (coincidence that the steam refund policy is only good until 2 hours of playtime????), but then the game descends into a complete identity crisis between survival/horror and action/adventure.The gathering, crafting, and salvaging system is great, but it all falls apart when the most effective weapon in the game is a ♥♥♥♥ing wrench. Maybe the protagonist has been eating their wheaties, but something is wrong when a pipe wrench does more damage than a close-range shotgun blast to the head.The stealth system would be great (lurking around an alien-infested space station), if it weren't for the wonky detection mechanics, lack of alternate paths, and the absolute spam of mimics throughout the levels. Maybe it was just the difficulty I was playing, but Bethesda took a really cool enemy and beat it to death by putting them ♥♥♥♥ing everywhere.Clearing areas is pointless, as enemies will respawn both stronger, and in larger numbers (After taking the time to clear out the lobby, arrange the turrets so as to form a defensive perimeter, and collect the resources, I came back into the zone from a mission to find all my turrets destroyed and the lobby looking like the train station from Men in Black 2).Loading times are surprisingly long, even on my rig (not even mentioning the loading screen just to go into a second loading screen). Additionally, areas are broken up in almost random spots. It feels like Prey is using loading times to pad out gameplay.The characters are generally unlikeable. I found the characterization boiled down to: a bland protagonist listens to an ipod full of unlikeable narrators on their quest to kill the 400lb man.Normally, I would chalk this up to a game not being up my alley and request a refund, but Steam has a policy that once you have played a game for 2 hours, you are unable to refund it. Throughout my time playing, it is apparent that Bethesda concentrated the majority of their efforts into this initial 2 hour window. I guess the lack of early reviews, and the steam ratings circlejerk should have tipped me off, but I have had good experiences with Bethesda games in the past and decided to give this the benefit of the doubt, thinking I could return it if it turned out terrible.Surprise!Honestly, Origin has been getting its act together for customer service (they have an excellent return policy: no scummy 2hr playtime limit, just within 24hr of downloading), and this most recent interaction with Steam has left a sour taste. Given the availability of other gaming programs (origin, uplay to a much lesser extent, etc) and third party vendors (some of whom offer refund policies if a game turns out to be utter dog♥♥♥♥♥♥, I cannot recommend either Prey or Steam to anyone."
,Not Recommended,480490,31592671,Posted: 6 May,all,Mercer,"Buggy, has a CTD blocking progress and save file corruption. Can't recommend until patched."
,Not Recommended,480490,31561708,Posted: 5 May,all,WildFire,"I expected more from the trailers - then again I don't know why I still do these days.The story is your run-of-the-mill ""I'm on a space station with aliens and I have to kill them all"" narrative that a fifth grader could've written. I don't know if it gets better, but from the moment the intro is over it goes severely downhill.The characters are... bland. You've got your usual stereotypes - the workaholic doctor, the prideful brother that really wants you to get the bad ending, you've seen them all. Voiceacting work is great, but even the voiceactors can't save a bad character.The combat is the main problem I have with this game.If you decide to go agressive, the aliens will wipe the floor with you before you can jam enough needles into your eyes to become stronger. If you take the stealthy approach and get the 'harder to spot when sneaking' skill, the aliens will still spot you faster than a pro league R6 Siege team. If you run through everything the game throws at you (for some reason the most valid strategy), you'll get 0 exploration done, meaning no skill increases, no ammo for your weapons, no new weapons, yada yada. You'll forever stay weak.I played until I got the psionic powers which were very underwhelming. The blast feels weak, even upgraded, and the mimic power is fun for the first two seconds, until you realize the aliens see right through it.All in all, Bioshock in space but done badly.3.5/10 because I liked smashing the LGs."
76561198117370838,Not Recommended,480490,31717000,Posted: 12 May,all,fugazi,"Artificial difficulty by making the enemies bullet sponges, can't disable motion blur unless you change it in the files, 85 fov unless you change it from the files, everytime you die theres a loading screen after your loading screen, don't believe the hype wait for a sale if you wanna play this game"
76561197996689149,Recommended,480490,33151980,Posted: 2 July,all,Honk,5/10
76561198278403366,Not Recommended,480490,31798552,Posted: 16 May,all,ThousandIsland,"Getting this game I was hoping for something that wouldnt force scares on you with the unoriginal jumpscare, loud scream ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t along the lines of Dead Space 1 and 2 (♥♥♥♥ 3) YET the game feels good for the first 3-4 hours then it turns into something not so fun not scary feels like an indie game as much as I love bethesda this isnt one Im going to reccomend its almost like destiny on release ""Go here and pull that to open mainframe airlock compression ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"" ""Hack into this terminal so we can get this keycard so I can get my kiddie porn"" just DO THIS AND THAT almost feels like there is little to no progression (have this on PS4 and PC) people may like it but in my oppinion not a truely scary game, want a good scary game that isnt just jump scares and screams get RESIDENT EVII (RESEDINT EVIL 7) DLC coming out good I need to go down this hall but its really dark and my flashlight is out of juice so I might not go but i kinda have to so ill just clench my cheeks and PREY (get it) for the best."
76561198272608926,Not Recommended,480490,31588742,Posted: 6 May,all,owen_online,there is one teleporting alien that i tricked into attacking my turret and then escaped the room he was in. Then i end up in a room with two more and no way to get more aammunition. The will two shot you and have double the health of a normal phantom. I cant go back or forward. Thanks arcane.
76561198180919174,Not Recommended,480490,31568465,Posted: 5 May,all,transportable couch,So I just got the game and it keeps crashing can someone please tell me how to fix it.
,Not Recommended,480490,31661906,Posted: 10 May,all,Ggmrusher,Okay first off the gameplat was decent and nothing really stuck out except for the repetetive hacking over and over. then you get about 12 hours in and get stuf=ck looking for a robot outside a spaceship for 4 hours because they games bugged and their is no waypoint. game needs to be fixed.
76561198048284133,Not Recommended,480490,31594804,Posted: 6 May,all,thomas.nishikawa,"Bug - Can't complete Repo Man QuestWhen i started the part of repo man quest that required me to destroy the Dahl controllers in the space i choose to do the timed quest where you restore the oxigen for the crew and after i completed that quest and returned to space the controlers despawned or the quest markers aresnt showing where they supossed to be. I am enjoying this game a lot and now i cant progress. Hopefully a patch comes soon to fix this bug.PS: i think it is a quest marker bug since the locate Grant Lockwood quest isnt showing anything when i go to space as well, and after doing some search all the faqs say to follow the quest marker to find him after you use his id on the pc"
76561198073318655,Not Recommended,480490,32328890,Posted: 10 June,all,romannets,"The graphics look dated, 10 or 15 years, very poor. This kind of ruins the entire experience and did not captivate me, hence the low hrs spend on this game.  Don't get me wrong, other aspects of the game might be good if one puts the hrs in."
76561198008048750,Not Recommended,480490,31589200,Posted: 6 May,all,Ryo,"This is the first time I used the steam refund option after almost 2 h of gameplay.The graphics is not nearly enough for a game based on the CryEngine... the resolution looks more like Half Life 2 with the Cinematic mod from 2013 :-(The gameplay is something in between BioShock, Half Life and DOOM, but just a miserable mix of all of them."
76561198343710616,Not Recommended,480490,31575254,Posted: 6 May,all,Arya Stark,"Great start to the game you have a lot of supplies. Then torwards the end you Literally have nothing but a wrench and 20 hp running back and forth struggling to survive picking up every little piece of junk u find but, no ammo, med kits or anything that will help you get to the end faster. its jus you and the wrench running away the whole time."
76561198281589030,Not Recommended,480490,31686194,Posted: 11 May,all,Tiggledorf,"Loading times are great, there is lots of backtracking though.  Dead space 3 flying around was much neater.  The weapons are plain.  The graphics do seem a lot like Half Life 2, even at 4k max graphics.  The human NPCs move well and facial expressions are good.  This was not worth the same price as Fallout and doesn't even come close (not worth the $60).  The minigame is hella annyoning, even with unlimited time.  The music - horrible tension raising screeching, not ominous scifi.  Gloo gun is cool, q-beam takes longer than the 9mm. Turrets are hell-o annoying when you have to reprogram each one, just bypass.  kinetic-electric-fire blast powers are basically the same thing, different color.Unfortunately, I passed the 2 hour return mark for this game.  I'd recommend, if it were a lot cheaper."
,Not Recommended,480490,31581095,Posted: 6 May,all,Proof,The enemies are particularly uninteresting and felt like something out of a Garry's mod game mode. Even at the highest difficulty setting the gameplay isn't very challenging and the remaining gameplay systems (copy/paste unlockables & crafting systems) do not do a great job of outweighing that.
76561198043840880,Not Recommended,480490,31575758,Posted: 6 May,all,Bipolar Fish,"Not a bad game by any means, but it's definitely nowhere near a 9/10. This feels more like a game I'd watch a streamer play than actually want to play myself.It's kind of a mediocre moshpit of great games from the past. The puzzles aren't as fun as Portal's, the weapons/abilities aren't as fun as Bioshock. The story certainly isn't as compelling as Bioshock's, and considering that gameplay isn't much of a step up, it really needed to be.I was really hooked and on the 9/10 train for the first 90 minutes of playing. Then they revealed the context and storyline of what was happening and now I've pretty much lost all interest. It was so exciting and confusing, and it really could've gone anywhere with the story, but they give away everything as they're explaining it to you. And the story isn't compelling.The mimics are a cool idea, but they become very predictable and about two hours into the game you get a mod that shows you what's a mimic and what isn't. I was expecting more out of the enemies, so far there's only two types and neither are fun nor hard to fight. Maybe there's more enemies down the road, but it really doesn't seem like it.You get a lot of useless gadgets right away, like a grenade that turns stuff into crafting materials. I haven't found a place or time to use it. There are other types of grenades that different disable enemies as well, but since EVERYTHING is disabled by the gloo gun, there's no reason they should really exist. If you're fighting a group of enemies, usually you can just blow up a piece of the environment, so the AoE bit of the grenades doesn't matter either.It's great to see single player shooters return, but the bar set by DOOM2016 and Wolfenstein: The New Order isn't reached here.TL;DROnly reason I haven't returned this game is that the first two hours are the most compelling part of the game. Then they completely ruin the story, all the characters, and pretty much any desire to finish the game. Not a bad game. Certainly nowhere near a 9/10. Maybe a 6 or 7. 7 feels too high as well."
,Not Recommended,480490,32047720,Posted: 29 May,all,b4nk,underwhelming
76561198326599118,Not Recommended,480490,32565560,Posted: 19 June,all,Primal,The monsters were too fake to get into it.
76561198027747137,Not Recommended,480490,31886834,Posted: 21 May,all,darrenswain,Boring as hell. and the endings omg what a waste of my time.i had to force myself to play to the end and thts the ending we get.  i didnt even put any mods into any powers 5/10
,Not Recommended,480490,31729237,Posted: 13 May,all,SN0flux,"Overall an average game. Go play Dead Space instead. It's cheaper.The first few hours of the game as you get Neuromods is great. You're upgrading your character, you're finally able to fight the baddies that the game throws at you. Then the game throws more neuromods at you, and lets you craft your own. Now you keep getting bigger and badder and the baddies are smaller and less frightening. The game loses its thrill as you move throughout the game.Numerous side quests can entertain you from the main story for quite some time and some are very well written. However some of these quests have the worst direction ever. The quest log has minimal to no help solving about a dozen quests, and you only get the assistance from the individual you spoke with to started the quest and cannot re-listen to the dialog.Main story was interesting, enough to keep playing and going through, but gets harder and harder to suspend your disbelief for the story.Not a bad game, but no better than what's already out there already. Fix the quests and it could be better."
76561197993648038,Not Recommended,480490,32490871,Posted: 16 June,all,Murdershy,This game has absolutely nothing in common with the original Prey game. Others may praise how much it has in common with games like system shock and deus ex or bioshock (All game I enjoyed) but I was not expecting any of that from Prey. A major disappointment especially considering the early trailers. Completley boring !
76561198018976518,Not Recommended,480490,31598930,Posted: 7 May,all,cuervo1860,serious sound issues and a combatsystem that's really bad
,Not Recommended,480490,34398446,Posted: 21 August,all,Øuantum3,"Game doesn't look as advertised. Looks fun, but visuals and game experience are not what expected. Game terribly downgraded. Reason why I asked the refund."
,Not Recommended,480490,31653895,Posted: 9 May,all,Les Claypool,"I played for 10 hours straingt.I belive I ""mastered"" every mechanic that this game offered me to progress. Stealth, combat, crafting. I even used the famos abuse of duplicating.So, I believe I can have my fair say on this game.General:The game is dull to me. It has very surprising and extemely catchy beginnig, both in mechanics and in strory, but then - no more surprises for EXTREMELY long time. 6 hours of gameplay, to be clear. Combat is hard first, easy later, and is very dull. Read further for more details.Things to do besisdes stroty.The many stories of many NPC's are very numerous, and managing to remember all of them is complicated, given the fact that each story maintains itself till the very end. Those audio logs are all around, and belong to many different people, and so to remember their story or even their demise is hard. The station is not detailed enough for you to feel how this was once a home for people, how it turned into hell. Bioshock showed it well. This game didnt.Mechanics:The game is NOT SCARY AT ALL. There were some people who mentioned this game as being amazing for people who like prophunt. Well, forget it. Rarely will you engage those, and even if you do, these enemies are very dumb. They would hide in your plain sight 90%of the time. I would be so amazed, if the whole room turned out to be mimics, but this doesnt happen. This game in NOT labeled as survival on tags. I actually paid close attention to this. I didnt want to play survival game, didnt want to collect resources. But I have to. You all would have to. I find it dull!Story:The story mechanics are VERY DULL. Go there, activate this, go back and jerk other thing off. Come back to *finally* activate and progress, but no, something blocks the connection... so go there, and kill Obama... The story itself is NICE. Aliens invade station, you are the boss of the station. Save people, kill them, use alien power, dont use it. There are many interesting twists, and characters are rememberable. But with all that BS you have to do to progress, I decided to just bunnyhop through the station.In conclusion, I highly recommend to just watch walkthrough online for 40 mins, and then watch all endings. Time spent - one hour, pleasure - same. There is nothing for you to remember when you will finish the game. It trully feels like I wasted this time for nothing. No new emotions. If you finished SOMA, I think you might have thought - well that was a nice game. Not the case.I also hate how this game is called reboot. It has NOTHING to do with original Prey (2006). I must say that 2006 Prey introduced so many mechanics and original features, that people still remember this game for it. Go play Prey 2006."
76561198044584430,Not Recommended,480490,31588248,Posted: 6 May,all,nesuhi,"All around, just not very good.Should you buy it? Not at $60. I'd wait until it's $20 or less."
76561198005642665,Not Recommended,480490,31814006,Posted: 17 May,all,TwentyDunhills,"The game takes you back to old System Shock 2 days, which may seem like an easy sell in terms of gameplay but the reality is that it's a fairly mediocre production. Prey is just middling. The enemies are kind of unimaginative, and repetitive. Lots of variants of the same adversary build to fight. It gets tedious after a while, and the graphics are nothing to write home about either. Plot is meh, as in you will stop caring about the plot early on and quickly become interested in getting to the next section of the station just to get there. Nothing compelling about this game. It's a decently excuted, but overall mediocre, homage to other games which all excelled where this production leaves one bored."
,Not Recommended,480490,33666672,Posted: 20 July,all,badmungo,"This game is horrendous. Below is a list of the BSOD messages I have had while playing. It also freezes at random moments.(For info, I have nothing other than Avira antivirus running. no browsers or background apps)CLOCK_WATCHDOG_TIMEOUTPAGE_FAULT_IN_NONPAGED_AREA??EXCEPTION_NOT_HANDLEDDRIVER_IRL_NOT_LESS_OR_EQUAL (X4)SYSTEM_SERVICE_EXCEPTIONKERNEL_SECURITY_CHECK_FAILUREThis game has been out for months nowIt has just uninstalled itself and wants to to download another 19gb.No other Game does this.Running a GTX 1080 on an i7 6700k, 16gb RAM, I'm far exceeding the recommended.Trying to run at 4k but please don't tell me to run at lower res. I bought this PC for a reason."
76561198065589344,Not Recommended,480490,32052491,Posted: 29 May,all,RogueRanger,shity fighting system
76561198122621169,Not Recommended,480490,31854971,Posted: 20 May,all,Gnome Goatee,"Another generic jump scare game with noises x3 as loud as the normal sound effects. Of course you can't turn this down at all without ruining the entire game sound atmosphere. Maybe this is a good game, maybe it's not. I'll never know because of my sensitive ears. Jump ""scares"" aren't scary and they don't bring any excitment to your game by bringing people 1 step closer to deafness. They just REALLY REALLY hurt a lot. Fix your game and stop encouraging trash horror games to do the same cheap tactics."
76561198240831850,Not Recommended,480490,34738819,Posted: 4 September,all,Dinokillr,Hmmm? Paid Mods you say? ♥♥♥♥ Bethesda i say.
,Not Recommended,480490,31696605,Posted: 11 May,all,-|TBG|-DaChicagoKid,"Why Can't This Game Captivate me?The first pray captivated you right from the start the game. This one does not. It is so lack luster from the original game the Creator should be ashamed of themselves. I can see the way they try to ""mimic"" the original game for the beginning but fell short on all levels. The interactions with control environment feel clumsy. The walk threw into game is crap and help to under stand the game is slow. Plus were is my shot gun??? I can't find it."
76561198213044848,Not Recommended,480490,31705067,Posted: 12 May,all,HYPESON,this game does have proformance issues and combat sucks so bad its pethetic..this game aint as good as people are saying it is and it has many bugs i have a gtx 1080 to and im getting major fps issues at times.
76561198137999655,Not Recommended,480490,31675220,Posted: 10 May,all,λ,Feel sick
,Not Recommended,480490,31638260,Posted: 8 May,all,[TLR] DougieC,"Hour and a half in, pretty bored already. Nothing new, just feel's like a few old school games with slightly better GFX. Not worth paying 40 quid for."
,Not Recommended,480490,31586956,Posted: 6 May,all,powerlifting315,"Deadspace was scary in part because of the mastercrafted environment.  It was tense, atmospheric, and otherworldly in it's brutality.  And the sound, ohhhh the sound!!This game just tires to scare you by startling you every 15 seconds.  This wore out the game's welcome quickly for me.Pros:The game runs beautifully!  With a 980ti, was getting 120+ fps on highest preset.  UI has the Dishonored look & feel."
,Not Recommended,480490,31612445,Posted: 7 May,all,Knoxagon,"POSSIBLE SPOILERS..PROBABLY10/10 - Mimics9/10 - Visuals2/10 - Gameplay2/10 - ControlsOuch - Soundn/a - StoryMimics:Ok, let's start with the Mimics because they're the only things I found interesting. Prop Hunt is quite fun and using that concept actually worked with this game beacause I had to chase down a cup that led me to a dead end with a briefcase and a pack of towels. What happened next? Yes they all ate me.Genuinely interesting but I can see that it would be repetitive since they're literally everywhere instead of just a few at a time or one strong one. Maybe that's just me.Visuals:The game looks beautiful until I look at the humans, I avoided eye contact for a while. The aliens are visually pleasing with their dark matter/void-like structure. But there's one thing that bugged me, the usual texture clipping and placement issues from Bethe-Gameplay:You basically wander around sneaking or fighting your way through the areas. Seems simple enough, yet it is mediocre at best in this game. The ""stealth"" is definitely in need of improvement as there is a lack of stealth. The enemy is unable to detect you when staring directly at you but can spot you while you're hiding behind something rather sturdy such as a wall or similar sized object. The combat is also mediocre. Swing, dodge(ish), repeat.Controls:The movement was reasonable but the leaning was wrong, I can move and lean at the same time in real life, surely it works the same way for a human in the virtual world. Either have a cover system where your character adapts to the surroundings or just use normal leaning instead of stopping movement altogether. The jumping felt like Deus Ex: HR/MD. Fair enough. Combat controls are clunky. When attacking you basically stick to where you hit until the animation finishes, then you can look elsewhere.Sound:Music, fine. Sound Effects, reasonable. Speech, not great. For some reason, when people are talking, no matter where they are and what direction they face, the sound will come from you. At least that's what happened with me. I tried different audio setups and devices all with the same results.Story:The boring ""They were watching me the whole time"" scenario. The enemies were introduced too quickly. The main character wasn't fleshed out at all. The first hour is supposed to have you hooked. I didn't even see the hook as no line was cast.CONCLUSION:A good-looking, alpha stage game worth £10. Seems to me that this would have been better as another horror multiplayer game. One team as humans, the other team as the aliens. Basically Prop Hunt with the aliens having objectives such as.. ""Cut off the air supply"" and such (just an example).It's just not for me."
76561198365565461,Not Recommended,480490,34042879,Posted: 5 August,all,mercanna,"Beautiful game, worst game mechanics since System Shock.  Playing Doom 2016 and TitanFall2 to wash my head of this purchase. Would love to return to it once fixed."
76561198146750176,Not Recommended,480490,31682513,Posted: 11 May,all,RestlessPilgrim,"Half Life. Dead Space. Bioshock. All classics, all very obvious influences, and all better than this yawnathon. Prey... possibly the most miserable grind through some of the most incoherent level design and frankly awful ""plot"" you'll ever experience. Avoid unless it's cheap, and even then expect utter boredom and sheer frustration  for much of the time."
,Not Recommended,480490,34516821,Posted: 26 August,all,Mattman,boring
76561198047649664,Not Recommended,480490,33916043,Posted: 30 July,all,Craig,Died a lot.  Didn't find much to care about.  Didn't find the game world interesting.  Found the game mechanics annoying.   Apparently it gets better as it goes on but frankly I just didn't have the will to try.
76561198022020042,Not Recommended,480490,31560384,Posted: 5 May,all,Skyco,"Not for me. I wasn't gripped at the beginning, there was no atmosphere in places there should have been. The aliens were boring and i didn't feel threatened especially since i was beating them to death with a wrench.First weapon i got slowed/froze the enemy. Second weapon i got was a pistol. I've seen it all before.I am very sure people will enjoy this, perhaps more so newer players to Horror FPS games. Just wasn't for me."
,Not Recommended,480490,32524323,Posted: 17 June,all,Draconis Nox,"They canceled Prey 2 because the company that made THIS Prey wanted the name and bought the rights to it. It has 0 to do with the original Prey at all, its not a remaster or a remake, and its certainly NOT a Prey type game. Its a coward version of exploration.Hide, sneak, steal, hack, and run...This game needs more ammo so it can stop being a ♥♥♥♥♥. The Gunplay is♥♥♥♥♥♥in this game. Full upgrades just mean you can be a better coward and more of a ♥♥♥♥♥ since everything levels up around you when you do and forces you to basically sneak around it or waste all of your ammo on♥♥♥♥♥♥ If something ""Sees"" you suddenly it has ten times the armor and hit points. What the ♥♥♥♥?OK so thats where Im going to leave it. People hyped themselves over this game and never got over it. They probably played like one FPS ever before hand and Bethesda convinced them this game would be amazing. Typical absoloute blind faith in Publishers as per usual. Its not all that or anything like all that.And before you stick your thumbs up your♥♥♥♥♥and start whining, when you own and play 300+ FPS games to compare this game to, talk your♥♥♥♥♥♥about the truth I ploped down infront of you."
76561198089737631,Not Recommended,480490,31571319,Posted: 5 May,all,Heretic,i wish i never payed for this
,Not Recommended,480490,31572915,Posted: 5 May,all,Dweeby Pheobe ✯,Eh
76561198012158868,Not Recommended,480490,32033067,Posted: 28 May,all,Flanker1Six,"Totally recycled ****.  Monsters jumping out of a closet.........................oh wait; they actually assume the form of a coffee cup and jump you from that.  Your character; though an executive of the project does not know access codes/passwords, or the central location of them, and has to spend vast amounts of time scrounging (aka ""exploring"") for them.  Despite being defeated my humanity in a previous encounter, and involuntarily successfully confined to a space station/game world; you character is now forced to fight off the vicious aliens with a glue gun, wrench (blunt object), and nerf guns (firing soft inefective projectiles).You must spend vast amounts of time scrounging for old banana peels, partially smoked cigars, and used tampons & condoms (made that one up............you get the drift), managing a ridiculously large inventory of this garbage which you're allowed to enlarge via the usual RPG cliche of ""perks/abilities"", and throw into some sort of ""magic"" machine to produce the basic building blocs necessary to use a 3D printer to produce ""stuff"" you can use.   You may also find weapon upgrades lying about randomly (frequently in difficult to access locations requiring you to ""solve puzzles""; like that's never been done before) which you may use to improve you various nerf weapons.Scripted linear, cliche ridden crap.  Oh yea................with better GFX and sound than 20 years ago."
,Not Recommended,480490,32459712,Posted: 15 June,all,Lord Of Tra$h,meh
76561197983368822,Not Recommended,480490,31591394,Posted: 6 May,all,RoundMound,"Arkane has done it again, in a bad way. I loved Dishonored and then eagerly awaited for Dishonored 2. I spent many hours trying to get that game to work in the lowest settings, even though I have a top of the line gamer pc. I eventually called it quits. Now Prey crashes on start up every time. I've spent yet another hour trying to troubleshoot without any luck. Tried all the suggested steps, etc. I'm done with Arkane on the PC. I'll get a refund and read reviews about the PS4 version. Thanks for the crapload of disappointment Arkane! I'm getting a refund but not from the time I wasted on your recent bugfest. Three Arkhane games purchased, one works flawlessly, the other two crash. I guess that's my fault. No other games on Steam have ever crashed for me. Hmmmm, correlation vs causation. Me thinks Arkane puts out ""this is as good as we got, take it or leave it"" products. I leave it. So glad Steam has a return policy and I hope Arkane gets the message."
,Not Recommended,480490,31577262,Posted: 6 May,all,CaptIISilveR,"I like System Shock, Deus Ex, Bioshock and Dishonored. I like them very, very much. But if I want to feel helpless - I'd rather play Outlast instead of Prey. Shooter without shooting, stealth without stealth, rpg without experience... And extremely boring overall.But soundtrack is definitely great."
,Not Recommended,480490,33877734,Posted: 29 July,all,RaRa,"Boring.Also, they announced recently they are not making a sequel or touching this IP again. If you cannot tell they used the IP acquisition as a quick cash grab then you are an idiot who deserves to lose their money.If you seriously think the story/gameplay is fresh - new - engaging - etc. then you haven't played enough video games."
76561198019502003,Not Recommended,480490,32937945,Posted: 28 June,all,Cheetah_777,"Meh:Get to a get keycard, go to b, find out you need additional stuff, get back to a, halflife wannabe clone, better get halflife."
76561198100474291,Not Recommended,480490,34248933,Posted: 14 August,all,Imit8m3,"If you use inverted aim on a controler... that function doesn't work in this game. in other words, I can't play this game because the incert Y axis option in the menu doesn't work.which is politely saying its a horible port... I want my $ back"
76561198003394279,Not Recommended,480490,34682744,Posted: 2 September,all,65Roses,J
76561198189599989,Not Recommended,480490,31906046,Posted: 22 May,all,Ghost Mansoori,ماجازتلي لاسباب كثيره.. وما انصح فيها ..
,Not Recommended,480490,31608839,Posted: 7 May,all,the hollywood hootsman,https://youtu.be/a78wYJv4hBc?t=23s
,Not Recommended,480490,31570833,Posted: 5 May,all,DarkMyth,"I've played Dishonored 1 and 2, the BioShock Series and I see the similarities in this game.  It has a cool concept but it's just not fun at least not worth the $60 they're asking for it I feel this is a $30 game.I really did try to like the game in my two hours Steam give me for returns but I couldn't.  It just felt dry and I was able to predict story and things which were going to happen.  Like others have said combat was just kind of blah.  The whole jump scare tactic really didn't affect me that much.  Alien Isolation was much better with that with their use of lighting, sounds and music.  This game lacks all that so the jump scare part of the game really doesn't feel that scary.  There's moments when the graphics look amazing and other times where it's really lacking and shows.I really don't know how else to sum it up?  Other than saying it felt like there was so much potential for a good game here but it just fell short on mood, environment and immersion."
,Not Recommended,480490,31714112,Posted: 12 May,all,petrescue,"Let's just say this.... the hype train is definitely out on this one. The graphics, not that great. The combat, not that great. The puzzles, same ones you did 10 years ago. The sound, gameboy worthy. Controls, not bad. ~2 hours in, probably won't play this again."
76561197992104483,Not Recommended,480490,31589566,Posted: 6 May,all,choucroute,"Unfortunately repetitive, and also very derivative of Bioshock."
76561198028575778,Not Recommended,480490,31813954,Posted: 17 May,all,agentconraduno,"If you haven't played any of the System Shocks, Bioshocks, Deus Exs, or Half Lifes this game will seem fresh and original. Otherwise its well done rip-off. Don't get me wrong I actually really like this game for what it is and would recommend it, but I think it's important to highlight this lack of originality with a sound thumbs down."
,Not Recommended,480490,32419668,Posted: 14 June,all,ecnarret,"I gave this game 5 hours to try to get into it and it failed.  Good graphics and I bought it for the story line but It is a game of do all that stuff you did for the last 30 mins all over again.  I guess that was a cheap way to get an extended game time. I wanted a refund since I just kept having to repeat my actions.  I was not enjoying the game at all. I will never play it again so since Steam feels you should be able to see that a game sucks in the first 2 hours, which it took just to get into actually playing the game, then I can't get my money back.  I hope my $80 serves steam well because I will NEVER buy another game from steam. I have other sources and now will use them.  This was rude to a member that has never returned anything and bought well over a $1000 in games from Steam.  I was always under the impression that Steam actually cared about customer satisfaction, apparently not.  So I'm stuck with this piece of crap and my anger.Thanks Steam and thanks Bethesda for disappointing me horribly. Won't pre-purchase a game again that's for sure."
,Not Recommended,480490,31557735,Posted: 5 May,all,omgwot,"I'm not sure why people are praising this game. The first two hours of this game are an absolute snoozefest.The pros:- Game runs well and on a technical level is very polished- The inventory system is well made- The sound design is fantastic and contributes to the atmosphere- Interesting premise.The cons:- The game's pace is dreadfully slow. Seriously. The combat is extremely lackluster and you'll find yourself crawling through your inventory to replenish health often. Enemies will kill you in one or two shots on normal mode and you'll find yourself reloading the last save very often.- The enemy variety is slim. You'll basically be fighting two or three different types of enemies with slight tweaks and variations. The enemies are extremely uninspired as well... Black blobs? Come on man.- There's so much to explore but most of the stuff you'll pick up is garbage. Lots of pointless reading. You can recycle most of it to craft other items in the game but all in all there really is no point to pick up anything other than health replenishing items and skill tree boost (I forgot what it's called)- Your suit will repeatedly puncture and you'll have to repair it. This is entirely different from being healthy. This quickly becomes a huge chore as in the middle of a fight your suit will puncture and you'll need to repair it to stop yourself from dying.When I look at this game as a whole,When I look at what I've played of this game so far, it looks like the studio behind this game was inspired by many different games and tried to get a lot of pieces of those games and mashed them together to form what is Prey. For instance, the introduction sequences are very reminiscent of Portal. The hub is reminisicent of Bioshock, and the atmosphere and gameplay is reminisicent of System Shock 2. That being said, it doesn't necessarily do any of these pieces in a standout fashion.Anyways, this is just my two cents. I'm extremely bored with this game. I'd wait for it to go on sale before bothering to try it out.Edit: everyone is salty because I only played the game for 1.8 hours and formulated an opinion that goes against the grain. Tons of ad hominem, blatant fan boys saying I'm bad at the game and yet not realizing I have hundreds of hours in other FPS games.Seriously, don't buy this game. It's absolute garbage."
76561197970918619,Not Recommended,480490,31637360,Posted: 8 May,all,Tristessa,"I really wanted to like this game. I really did.Unfortunately, it's boring and uninspired. Bland. After the first few enemy encounters it become repetative.Pros: The recycling machine is awesome and every game should have one."
,Not Recommended,480490,31609636,Posted: 7 May,all,Mr Rustles,"It didn't hook me up in the first 2 hours, bland and not as scary as I thought it would be. I thought it was gonna be like deadspace when I first played it. It's not scary at all. But I can see people with patienc with this genre enjoy it. I guess It's not for everybody."
,Not Recommended,480490,31572322,Posted: 5 May,all,PsyoniX,Very slow paced and not fun.  Graphics were also not all that good (I had all the settings maxxed out).  I was looking forward to this game but it just turned out to be very underwhelming.
76561197975703897,Not Recommended,480490,31600095,Posted: 7 May,all,Cynosis,"Long term gamer here, very old steam account. I found myself focing the finish of this game, Still haven't even finishe andromeda. Story line is bland, cool twist. Prey is trying to be too many things at once without being exceptional at any of them.  A few jump scares here and there, eventually just got the run upgrade and really didn't stop to kill anything unless i absolutely had to. Quickly lost my attention. Do I regret buying it? No, I gave it a chance and i completed it. Did i enjoy it as much as other titles like this? (im looking at you bioshock, minus infinite) No I didn't. I really felt no sense of attachment to the characters at all. Bad writing i suppose.Good attempt at a game, It should have been developed longer, or less. Its missing something or has too much... cant really say."
,Not Recommended,480490,32428571,Posted: 15 June,all,pato,Meh. Hours wasted.
76561198048825412,Not Recommended,480490,31715626,Posted: 12 May,all,Slime Researcher Bob,"took me 40 hours to complete 2 play through, not sure if i got my money's worth"
76561197977326218,Not Recommended,480490,31607252,Posted: 7 May,all,dariusk90,"Too many of the same enemies, bland story, and bad crafting system."
,Not Recommended,480490,31553432,Posted: 4 May,all,Bantamu,"An absolutely embarrassing state to release a game in. In the 30-odd minutes I played I encountered:-No audio when swinging the wrench/hitting objects-No audio when firing the GLOO gun-No audio when breaking glass or interacting with the environment-Sound does not change in volume based on proximity of the source (every character speaks like they're inside your head)-No FOV slider-No way to disable motion blur-Muddy textures and lacking visuals (looks far worse than Dishonored 2)-Nearly zero options for customizing visuals-Clunky movement and aiming (feels like a lazy console port; navigation/jumping/climbing felt cumbersome)-Checking the achievements spoiled several major plot pointsOverall, this game (much like Dishonored 2) is a great example of how NOT to make a PC port. Not only that, Prey is a perfect example of a plummeting standard when releasing modern-day AAA titles, and should be completely avoided."
76561198084819646,Not Recommended,480490,31795927,Posted: 16 May,all,shockron22,very boring gameplay. Very slow moving story. waste of money. do not. buy. this. game.
76561198046665186,Not Recommended,480490,31590752,Posted: 6 May,all,Fatal Pastry,"Once again I have to write a negative review for a game I was looking forward to, once again it's an Arkane game, and once again it's because of technical issues. This is becoming a worrying trend, but I'm on the verge of writing Arkane off as artistically exceptional and technically inept. This game should be fantastic, and I would like very much to write a glowing review. Unfortunately, after almost 10 hours of playing, the game began to crash whenever I entered the location of my current story quest, and even all my side quests, rendering it effectively unplayable.If this is fixed, I will update this review. Until then, it's all I can do to advise as many people as possible to steer clear. Sorry Arkane, but you blew it again."
76561198121762225,Not Recommended,480490,34359661,Posted: 19 August,all,fieryredsparkle,"so never do reviews unless needed....bought prey on sale, wanted a nice new game to try out, was working fine untill i had ""prey.exe not working "", that became a small issue now and then....but now....now it deletes my save data aswell....wtf!try to enjoy a nice time of gaming but nooo.....have to start again, if it was a new game + mode or such then fine, my choice  but it's annoying when you're forced to start again......ALWAYS READ REVIEWS BEFORE BUYING! saves you time and money. lesson learnt"
76561198027615463,Not Recommended,480490,31872502,Posted: 20 May,all,reticence,I want the orignal Prey 2.This is so weak.
,Not Recommended,480490,31595503,Posted: 6 May,all,manwill1,"I was eagerly awaiting this game, unfortuately it was way too buggy I had to muck around with settings for  ages to get it to run, then I had to map the controller which was  an xbox one controller and it still didn't work properly. I got a refund. I can't comment on the actual game play as I did not get to try it.I have a fairly high end Alienware Laptop and normally runs everything well, no trouble with other resouce heavy new games.I will possibly buy it again when it's been patched."
76561198406629528,Not Recommended,480490,34385638,Posted: 20 August,all,militarydino,I got this game and was getting great fps in the title creen but as soon as i got in the game I would get 10 fps on the recomended settings and it would'nt even change that much when I put it on lower settings. I had the lattest drivers for my pc and looked around looking for something to fix this but everything I tried didn't work.
76561198323561713,Not Recommended,480490,31635699,Posted: 8 May,all,Romance,Corrupted game files... Now we know why they didn't release a demo for pc. Such a shame too. I was really enjoying the game...
76561198074066048,Not Recommended,480490,31694801,Posted: 11 May,all,Mr. FigPucker,"This game is trash. I ran into a glitch where I could not progress because one of the idiotic AI was litterally camping where I would spawn. When I got around it I was playing ""the stealthily way"".  This was to the point that it would immediatly be right in front of me, and I had no time to move, or even freeze it with the glue gun.  This gltich is 3 hours and some change in for me, so I cannot get a refund on this piece of trash. Plus, I quick saved a ton so I cannot just revert back to a different save. If this game was fun, I would redo the ""level"" but it is not. The story line fails to make you care bc it's so outlandish and stupid.  The AI are overly powerful and are just not fun to fight. In short, its a cash grab where the start of the game is great, then it gets more boring as the lack of game development skill begins to show."
76561198051635751,Not Recommended,480490,31966290,Posted: 25 May,all,hyper.gamer,"NOT really a FPS (as announced), this game is more likely Run-Hide type, I love FPS but really dislike those games in wich most of the time you are low on ammo, low on health and have to solve ridiculous puzzles and memorize notes, c'mon this is supposed to be an ACTION game."
76561198029841768,Not Recommended,480490,33211144,Posted: 3 July,all,The Shakemeister,"Am I seriously the only one that finds this game ♥♥♥♥♥♥? Only a child could appreciate this game, the level design is so lazy, and the plot is so unoriginal I feel like I'm playing a cheap knockoff of Dead Space or Bioshock. The combat is so insulting, thats the best word to use; there is no challenge, and the only way to play is to tackle it at the same repetetive way the whole game. Like I said, as if it were made for a child. This is a perfect example of an overhyped AAA game based on a dead series. Bethesda should've just comprimised with Human Head because their game would've actually honored the orignal. This game is just a poor excuse for a sequel, and a poor excuse for a game at all. I get the feeling throughout the game that Bethesda never wanted this to be a game at all, but more like an interactive movie, figures, since the only people who would appreciate and want something like that would be a child, a child that cant handle critical thinking and hates originality and a challenging, worthwhile experience. You can see this in a number of new AAA games, its a recurring theme. ""Scrap the combat, original plot, intelligent writing, and good level design. And just make a boring repetetive interactive movie like our primary demographic wants, and slap a premium price tag on it."" And when I say *challenging*, I dont mean *difficult*. I'm seeing a lot of reviews praising this game for being challenging for having multiple levels of difficulty. These people do not know what that means, and are more than likely the kind of idiots Bethesda made this game for. Challenging, does not mean heres a setting that will decrease your stats and increase the enemies' stats, thats called difficulty. Challenging means making the game require a level of critical thinking, expediency, and precision to accomplish the objectives, Something this game does not offer. Because all it takes to defeat the most dangerous reacurring enemy in this game, the Phantom, is to just throw an explosive cannister at them, you know the ones that are littered everywhere in the whole ♥♥♥♥ing game? (thats an example of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ design for you by the way). Or just pointing your overpowered laser doodad at them until they blow up. This is combat for people who do not have the mental capacity to do anything but. And by making their game this way they insult all of us by assuming this is the limits to our mental skill. I dont understand how a creative director that was behind Dishonored, could put his name on this garbage. And I do not understand how Bethesda could put their name on this. I know as a publisher Bethesda is pretty detatched, but they sure threw a ♥♥♥♥ing fit at Human Head. So which is it Bethesda?"
76561197970343620,Not Recommended,480490,31889970,Posted: 21 May,all,Geffo53,System♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Already uninstalled it. Sheer rubbish.The whole game seems designed to aggravate you.Continually confronted with blocked pathways.Combat is clumsy.Hacking is infantile and irritating.Patience fried.I wanted dishonored in space.  But....I HATE IT I HATE IT I HATE IT.
76561197998363534,Not Recommended,480490,34448602,Posted: 23 August,all,SyrianFish,.
,Not Recommended,480490,32657854,Posted: 22 June,all,Joratox,"This game could have been great, but sadly falls flat on its face. Backtracking the game.The game itself reminds me of the good old Bioshock games and did make me feel like thats what it was for the first three or so hours. After that it slowly went down hill.It's a better Bioshock game then bioshock infinite was, combat arent horrible but the story is."
,Not Recommended,480490,34375712,Posted: 20 August,all,NinjasWithCandy | Twitch,Died like 50 times in the main area and forums just said to get good instead of helpful advice which made me refund this game. Seems like the story is good but the Gameplay I can't get around.
,Not Recommended,480490,34409128,Posted: 21 August,all,bub,"Dull, clumsy and outdated."
76561198033655852,Not Recommended,480490,31651948,Posted: 9 May,all,mcaree33,"This is the most difficult game I've ever played. As a shooter they barely give you enough ammo and the bullets you shoot into these guys do almost no damage. With the big monsters I would foam them with my goo gun than hit them with my wrench but in a short time I used up all my goo. As a  game like soma there are places to hide but with this game there is practically no where to hide. My character has used all the health, I've no ammo my armor is totally depleted. I want make things but I'm on the run from them monsters. I ran to a door to save my life I reopened the door and the monsters were waiting for me, this games impossibly difficult for me. maybe im not a skillful gamer. I was playing the game on easy too."
,Not Recommended,480490,32056167,Posted: 29 May,all,Pirate,Yeah. Boring.
,Not Recommended,480490,32824892,Posted: 26 June,all,A9Bard,"from the start I was like wtf...taking a chopper to fly over to the next building..""clear skies all the way"" no♥♥♥♥♥♥  ""take a seat in the chair"" he says, but I already are sitting there.. lord oh lord what a crappy game. Give me my money back."
,Not Recommended,480490,31569542,Posted: 5 May,all,INexu,"Honestly, kinda let down by this game. Granted I did not do much research, pretty much went in blind, but was let down by basically a bland version of Bioshock in space. (Only played 1 hour at this point so later may get better) At this point I have requested a refund but i'll give you impression from the first hour:Wake up, follow story, graphics are 7/10 - may be toned down from the demo'd gameplay.Unexpected happens -insert factors that are supposed to be making you uneasy, lights out, ""Infection has taken over"" and a Truman Show twistThen you will fall into an early cycle of being wary of trashcans, and gluing everything in site with your amazing super glue gun that I guess is one of the major staples of this game.This is the first hour: Read emails (Literally ran into the same e-mail 4-5 times on different computers) that tell you what you already know. Get given a feaux ""Play your way"" sample with an option ofGoing through a vent or finding a keycard in like a 20 x 20 ft areaI think you may enjoy this game if you were heavily into bioshock as many of the elements seem present, but do not expect it to be on par with 1: Scares, 2: Action 3: Diversity?In the end, it may get better and diversify as you get deeper in the game but the repetition and blandness of the first hour turned me off to the point of getting a refund."
76561197972454893,Not Recommended,480490,34356469,Posted: 19 August,all,alanhop2000,"Not really a FPS. More on the lines of Fallout 4. Way too much searching for things,  not enough action."
76561198079844667,Not Recommended,480490,31566825,Posted: 5 May,all,TruScottishGuy | PC MASTER RACE,One word Boring.
,Not Recommended,480490,31857764,Posted: 20 May,all,DedFault,"cant pull up sight on weapons- Failsome textures refuse to load- failmesh quality is- failgame crashed in the first 5 mins- failsound quality needs a rebalance- failUI- failcharter modles and textures- failtrys to be bioshock, looks as old as first bio shock- failmenues are at the same fail quality as no man sky- fail-fail-fail-failect.the game claims to be tripple A quality but someone needs to call tripple A to come and fix their broken game. its not the first game to be released from bethesda broken and many of the above mentioned fails can be ifxed in future updates. until then ill enjoy waiting on my refund like waiting for christmas day.to be fair i played the game for very little time and if you check my steam library it is safe to say that its not always graphics and sounds that make the game in my opinion but if the game and mechanics are not fun, the gameplay, then the game falls flat. if your looking for a good game to spend 60$ on then this one is not for you. wait and purchase it at a lower price. i may revisit this game when a copy can be purchased at 20$."
,Not Recommended,480490,31572977,Posted: 5 May,all,Lucifer,"Boring, enemies are no fun after a couple of them. they're easy even on hard or nightmare mode. and they turn into the objects while youre looking at them so its no real mystery of what they are."
,Not Recommended,480490,31554270,Posted: 5 May,all,Vain the God | ヴェイン神,Im running the game at medium settings with a 960 4gb card and dealing with constant stuttering. I might refund and go towards the PS4 version instead. I would not recomend buying until they further optimize and patch.
,Not Recommended,480490,31570098,Posted: 5 May,all,Jyby,Pro: Looks awesome /  intersting story perhaps?Cons: This game is just too scary... One hour in and I'm having panic attacks fighting the creepy crawlies. Didn't realize horror was such a large component. The scary parts aren't even good. And the little bad guys you fight are annoying when they jump around.
76561198009156179,Not Recommended,480490,31560126,Posted: 5 May,all,G-Wayne1975,"Let me just say my ONLY reason for not recommending this game is it just looks terrible. I'm running a Maximus IX Hero, 7700k, GTX 1070 on max settings and it still looks like a game from 10 years ago. Sorry Bethesda but I say you failed on this one for that reason alone. I'm gonna go cry in my cornflakes now and wait on my refund. :("
,Not Recommended,480490,34307269,Posted: 17 August,all,DogInDisguise,"dxgi_error_device_hungBethesda has a great track record of constantly crashing games in recent years, hope this gets fixed some day so I can try it again next sale."
,Not Recommended,480490,34805387,Posted: 7 September,all,old,Why Valve? Why you killed Half life
,Not Recommended,480490,31555979,Posted: 5 May,all,Cyberdemon,Unoriginal empty space station locations - ✔.Unoriginal same type enemies - ✔.Unoriginal gameplay style - ✔.Slow paced main character VS fast paced enemies - ✔.Horrible optimization - ✔.Denuvo - ✔.Overpriced - ✔.
76561198267600918,Not Recommended,480490,34311226,Posted: 17 August,all,King Godler,"only 3 real weapons, walk around small rooms looting most of the time, no new game plus, blob enemies...  dont grab it if u expect a fast-paced fps shooter."
,Not Recommended,480490,31559290,Posted: 5 May,all,HoomanSA8,Wasn't like what i expected .
,Not Recommended,480490,31814614,Posted: 17 May,all,Infinitynull,"A lot of people are saying this is the HL3 we were all looking for. To me it's just a generic boring FPS, most games built on the cry engine aren't worth buying. This is one of those games, it's a new concept but I do not enjoy the graphics, lore or gameplay. I can not recommend this game."
76561198094179311,Not Recommended,480490,31613710,Posted: 7 May,all,💕🌷💜💖🍷🐝🐾🐺,Prey - Updating FOV via Config File lazy devs at it again. We have fix it come on devs it's 2017 don't be lazy
76561197970701643,Not Recommended,480490,34571601,Posted: 29 August,all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,- 30 second unskippable start up movies- Has nothing to do with the original game- Console baby System Shock- White people replace Native Indian Hero- Forced female protagonist for NO REASON- Opening rips oiff Halflife and Portal- Terrible game engine- Looks too much like Mirrors Edge+ Has FOV option
,Not Recommended,480490,31567073,Posted: 5 May,all,GTB79,"Litteraly the same exact inventory, skills, and idea as the newer Deus ex games but dummed down and less fun.The melee combat is that of Dying light but also less fun.The movement is slightly off, and your movement sways while running.A lot of settings that arent there must be accesed through a .iniSurround sound is messed up for me.Guns do embarassing damage with very obscure ammo (Minus the glob gun)  making you not want to use them much.Story starts off kind of interesting but quickly gets boring.Art style that of dishonored in a way but more realistic so its not as good.Not at all my prey.You dont get abducted.The only enemy i found were head crab clones, tall version of that head crab, boring flying triangle.Enemies do a lot of damage for being on normal.Healing is super terrible without skill points.Game wants to trackback to old places with new skills but it feels worthless.Some how made a silenced pistol not cool.Tries to be dishonored/Bioshock with the Psi but misses its mark.Huge let down.Give us prey 2 you money roachesEDIT: wow people really dont like my opinion, just to let you know ive been a huge fan of the original prey since it first came out, they just used the name as a cash in and almost not a single thing is similar"
,Not Recommended,480490,34308137,Posted: 17 August,all,LastTao,"Enormously big side project of developers without interesting gameplay, proper story and tiny bit of any idea. MVP as developers may call it."
,Not Recommended,480490,33985555,Posted: 2 August,all,Thefunny711,">Before main menu>Says press any key>*presses spacebar*>Nothing happens0/10, deceives you like a mimic.EDIT : I do hope everyone realizes this IS a joke review."
76561198016675103,Not Recommended,480490,32056204,Posted: 29 May,all,gordon.kliewer,This Game has now FAILED COMPLETELY.  XBOX Controller no longer works.   DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME!!!!!   1000% FAIL!!!!!!
76561198030388652,Not Recommended,480490,32767847,Posted: 25 June,all,H4LIMUN,This game sucks!
76561198048746860,Not Recommended,480490,31660571,Posted: 10 May,all,SPARTAN,VERY BORING GAME!!! WAS FORCING MY SELF TO PLAY In HOPE ITLL GETT BETTER! BUT NO! HAD TO DELETE IT! WASTE OF 60$ ANS TIME =(
76561197971203678,Not Recommended,480490,31692068,Posted: 11 May,all,mr_mega_drive,"Very disapointing.Before I continure I own this game on Playstation and have played over 30 hours on it. So don't leave abusive comments below about my 2 hours play time on Steam please.Seeing as this game was being hyped to hell and back I felt compelled to purchase it.Its a game built in the System shock mould, which was an average to good sci-fi shooter. Not the masterpeice some hold it up to be. Right the the start Prey disapoints in every respect from the graphics to its atmosphere, gameplay and story.Some seem to think it is a tense thrilling game. Honestly I was in no way tense or afraid at any point, more bored and annoyed. Mimics which are Prey's head crabs are annoying in the extreme, the are losely spread around in random areas which in no way build up tension and instead of scaring you you find yourself swearing in annoyance that you have to deal yet after load of the irratating things.The weapons are very poorly done and in no way pleasing to use on enemies. In the early game you are giving a wrench and a gloo gun with a crappy pistol which has no effect of anything. Combine this with the fact you have to endlessly make your own ammo as well as everything else you need in the game means you spend hours fart arsing around looking for junk and recyling rubbish. Honest this make is a Green party members ideal FPS.The enemies are very poorly done, either being irrating in the extreme poping up randomly for no reason or nearly impossible to kill without spending 20 minutes at least in preperation.You constatnly have to backtrack going through areas youve already been through only to find thougher and thougher enemies in your way which is lazy game design and very irratating.A good friend of mine who has played 20 hour plus on P.C tells me he has experiecned crashed and saved games not loading. NOT GOOD!Good games strike a balance between challenge and reward. Too many rewards make a game too easy and to many challenges or in this games case pointless fart arsing around makes for a very annoying and boring experience.Prey is a really average FPS, people say it makes you think. Its doesnt it just makes you spend endless hours doing pointless things with little or no reward and in the end you couldn't give a damn about the story or the characters. Which at the end of the day IS the most important thing about a single player game.Very very poor attempt and a sci-fi FPS. Why people are saying its so good is beyond me.2/10"
76561198063915775,Not Recommended,480490,34404787,Posted: 21 August,all,Coodles,Waste of my time
76561197979059239,Not Recommended,480490,31606663,Posted: 7 May,all,MrBojangles,not for me
,Not Recommended,480490,31625930,Posted: 8 May,all,王睿麟,"Interaction with map is just horrible. I've played this game for 3.6 hours so far, all of which was spent on finding task objectives, trying to finish a task, which is absolutely a terrible game-play experience. Everytime I thought that I have found the destination successfully, it turned out that I need some kind of password to enter the room. And some of the password is just too hard to find, for example the Soros's safe (idk what his name is. it's a safe, need knowledge on periodic table I guess). Like I said, 3.6 hours spent on this game, I don't know what the story line is so far. And the controlling in the space area is as terrible as it in the station. Dpn't know where to go, don't know what to do. And some creatures suddenly jumped out on your face giving you a strike. So the suite was broken, health was low, and so.Overall, bad experience. Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,480490,31618034,Posted: 7 May,all,CorreAktor,Just another shooter. Disappointed. Graphics and style are awesome.
,Not Recommended,480490,31582882,Posted: 6 May,all,Qu1n,"Game feels very generic. very run of the mill. very ordinary. Granted I only played an hour before refunding but in that hour there were far more menu screens than there was any action. The black goo monsters all look the same and not scary or entertaining.At no point did I feel any attachement to the character but I guess that could be further into the game, the first hour at least has very bland one dimensional characters.Do not recommend. I was looking forward to this one too :("
,Not Recommended,480490,31556978,Posted: 5 May,all,Ace_Abelsion,"Its the worst game I have ever tried, Arkane Studios really messed things up and for a terrible game like this they charge 60 bucks for it. If I were you I wouldn't buy the game.Ps this not a troll they way that the mechanism of the player works pisses me off.I you have played  bioshock you know what I mean.AND IT TOOK 8 TRIES TO JUST LAUNCH  THE GAME!!!"
76561198025174792,Not Recommended,480490,31562943,Posted: 5 May,all,Semris,"Played only 73 minutes and didn´t have fun. Story was okay but gameplay for me wasn´t.If you like classic style with health and armor (for some reason reminded me old DOOM with gathering armor, medkits) I guess you can enjoy this game. I think I have outgrown this kind of gameplay though.In combat my character felt slow and clunky, had hard time avoiding being hit. Actually didn´t like combat at all.Graphic wise I didn´t like it either. Thought Cryengine was better?There is really not much to say as I haven´t gotten far before I got tired of this game and requested refund. I enjoy Dishonored from the same company very much but not this game. Feels like going back in time, both gameplay and graphic wise. If you want to go backward in time though than this might be your kind of game.____________EDIT: Actually one good thing about this game. It made me want to play a proper horror FPS game again, so I´m replaying Dead Space 1, 2, 3. In the middle of Dead Space 1 atm. and I can tell you even this 9 years old game beats Prey in like every aspect... So I guess thank you Prey for another Dead Space playthrough, it has been a while."
76561198005647563,Not Recommended,480490,31554989,Posted: 5 May,all,GRIMcanuck,"Boring, unimaginative, and a♥♥♥♥♥♥port. Refunded."
76561197966793531,Not Recommended,480490,31569781,Posted: 5 May,all,THE HATED HUMANIST,THE GRAPHICS SUCK♥♥♥♥
76561198159079262,Not Recommended,480490,31615396,Posted: 7 May,all,DtotheX,"This game doesn't do it for me, I'm totally unimpressed, AMD games have awful physics. I can't help notice how little is new in physics and new tech and gameplay innovation. I stopped playing once I upgraded my strength to lift heavy objects and still couldn't lift up a corpse. A lot of games like movies and TV are generic repeats which add little or nothing to the genre."
76561198004919010,Not Recommended,480490,34365009,Posted: 19 August,all,hapy.lestat,"Complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ not even able to play the game.  First launch, company logos, almost the time for main menu to appear ...and nothing - BLACK SCREEN!I'm running this on intel/nvidia.....does game forcing me to get amd as on starting game logo?!"
76561198124261876,Not Recommended,480490,31691073,Posted: 11 May,all,greenspleen17,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,480490,31596074,Posted: 6 May,all,Twitch.tv/TripleTeamGaming2,Half-Life 3
76561198195178838,Not Recommended,480490,34309161,Posted: 17 August,all,Stephanie Nugs,meh 5/10
76561198064812814,Not Recommended,480490,31554216,Posted: 5 May,all,Spookie Kabookie,the frame rate drops so much and is a major annoyance please fix so the game is playable
,Not Recommended,480490,31654009,Posted: 9 May,all,Tasker 2016,"The idiots who designed the UI for this game put in some horrible faux 3d effect on the in-game menus that gave me brain cancer, AIDS, and horrible migraines almost immediately.You have 13 days to address this before I refund the game.Actually, you know what, I'm just going to refund it anyway."
76561198193927163,Not Recommended,480490,31601215,Posted: 7 May,all,BOOTY_ALERT,"2 be honest this is not what i excpet it actully this is  one of the worest game ever, the quality is bad AND the version is really terribe also there's 2 many bugs. How can this even charge it for 199?  is it a ♥♥♥♥ing RIP off ?#(ALL OF THIS R JUST PERSONAL iDEAS)"
76561198030196612,Not Recommended,480490,34317534,Posted: 17 August,all,Galvinizedkiler,"Every modern shooter should have the option to use a wepons sights, this is a deal breaker for me."
,Not Recommended,480490,31550860,Posted: 4 May,all,GalaxyPoo,"Hello, Bethesda.I have so many questions. How the hell you can do such things? Imean..why?Why are you doing that with me second time in a row??? First time it was ugly Fallout. Then Dishonored 2 was ravaging me burning ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with it's degraded optimization. Now Prey is UGLY again!Have you actually played the game before releasing it on PC? Seriously, its effin' 2017..How can AAA product look like THAT and cost so MUCH?! I hate consoles and how they killing all motivation for making goodlooking games for PC.Guys, everybody loves money, I get it..but you were lying to me and every other idiot, who believes in you.I'm refunding this game..my god, I f*cking refunding Bethesda game. Arkane game even!Tell me, how does it feel, when Deus Ex MD looks so much better than your f*ckup of a game? Silence. I know that silence - it's silence of ♥♥♥♥ing trip, after snorting cocaine from a ♥♥♥♥♥'s♥♥♥♥♥ you unbelievable daft ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!P.S.: for all you, who don't understand my pretension in post - it's Graphics (or Visuals, as some of you corrected me whatsoever, get dictionary). They are bad. Objects that doesn't connect to thier shadows, no mirror reflections, low-res textures etc. You can see it all in the starting apartament. I honestly walked to the roof. After that brick wall I deleted the game. It cannot be right after Skyrim.BTW, I hope, you like this game. I don't want anyone to feel like I am.P.P.S: I'm sure the game is great. But if we gonna close our eyes on things like lazy console porting everytime, then the progress will stop. Optimization is fine. But, ffs, what's to ""optimizate""?Again, I hope you all are happy to play it. I'm not. I want promises fulfilled. I want my eyes burst with joy everytime. Like Bioshock, like Witcher, like Farcry, like Skyrim, like Crysis and so on.I think, you just better walk by if you don't understand, what i'm talking about (or understand basic things like that publishers are responsible for such poor quality on initial release with their plans and deadlines). And leave me to my grief.P.P.P.S.: god, I love it, how Dishonored 2 optimization problems fogged your common sense and you are just so happy it didn't repeat.P.P.P.P.S. Alright! I'm not crazy and somebody concurs.I don't give a flying about being roasted - it won't make game any better. As my fecalfall of a review won't. Sometimes people just like to eat fastfood and it's nothing like the ad. Alas, in time you get tired of that kitchen, remember, kids.But send your comments anyway. We are all equal to share our opinion, eh?"
76561198142433450,Not Recommended,480490,31553081,Posted: 4 May,all,BM10X,"This game is incredibly poor.  Unless you are bruce f&#*$(%$ Lee and can shoot a jumping, flying Mimic out of nowhere, then this game is borderline unplayable.-10\10 would and did record myself requesting a refund again!"
,Recommended,480490,31569987,Posted: 5 May,all,_____,Runs well and is a lot of fun. Not a fan of horror games but it carefully skirts that line between being tense and being stressful to play. Game mechanics let you overcome the obstacles presented in different ways and there is plenty of lore & sidequests to offer a decent variety of content outside of the main story quest
,Recommended,480490,31569992,Posted: 5 May,all,Contemo,Now I can be even more terrorfied of going to the bathroom.
,Recommended,480490,31570148,Posted: 5 May,all,nick,Reminds me of the old days of Rapture in Bioshock except im in space... Nostalgia. Yeet Yah. 10/10.
76561198026526166,Recommended,480490,31569337,Posted: 5 May,all,WHOA! Shut it Down!,"Amazing game if you love scifi, alien, bioshock, system shock or dishonored this is the game for you."
,Recommended,480490,31569218,Posted: 5 May,all,RuneGrey,"Early impression is definately giving that Bioshock sort of vibe....really, really strong Bioshock sort of vibe....Bioshock in Space, minus crazy philosophy so far!And that's not a bad thing.  Runs amazingly well, butter smooth 100+ fps for the most part."
,Recommended,480490,31568601,Posted: 5 May,all,Crypt,"BioShock/System Shock + Deus Ex/Dishonored. Great game, performs very well."
76561197971038882,Recommended,480490,31565936,Posted: 5 May,all,Charles Moneybags,pretty good
76561198037925560,Recommended,480490,31572586,Posted: 5 May,all,Thong Pounder,System Shock 1+2 meets Bioshock meets Dishonored meets Half-Life meets Deus Ex.
,Recommended,480490,31573624,Posted: 5 May,all,Ace of Spades,"If you answer ""Yes"" to one or more of the following questions, then you should get this game.Do you like the Bioshock franchise?Do you like the System Shock franchise?Do you like the Deus Ex franchise?Do you like the Dishonored franchise?"
,Recommended,480490,31573632,Posted: 5 May,all,Nine,"PREY is actually Half Life 3 just like a mimic in disguise.Runs great on PC. No issues so far as I finished my first playthrough.I love how it has branching endings as well and choices you make also reflects in the ending.The graphics were good. The map design was smart, like smashing into fake cgi glass to uncover secrets behind it or theres like a lot of ways you can go into a locked room - morph into something small and go to the gaps, hack the doors or just find that hidden area or smash the glass and jump your way in. Also Love how i could just float in space starin at the earth and the moon.Combat was good, you have to think and not just run and gun your way. You can get all the upgrades end game but it requires a little bit of farming for materials. I love how they make RPG + FPS hybrids nowadays with a little crafting on the side. Crafting makes sense and you can break down everything into raw materials even yourself lmao. I wish they couldve given a little effort on the guns too, I know theres a limited choice because its in a Space Station but I hope when you like upgraded the guns there were also graphic modifications as well showing your gun evolving into something badass.Story tends to be confusing at first but overall it was okay, theres a bit of gaps as well as questions unanswered. Guessing they'll be making a sequel or prequel maybe.Would love the get jump scared by a Mimic again. 10/10"
76561198020890641,Recommended,480490,32027979,Posted: 28 May,all,JCDenton,"If you like me love old-school games like System Shock 2 or Alien Isolation (which, in my view, had a pretty old-school gameplay) with a space station theme, this is your new favourite! It was mine for the last 62 hours and I'm just about to begin once more.(as I see now, steam shows a playtime of 12 hours, which is because I usually play in offline mode, I think)"
,Recommended,480490,32010029,Posted: 27 May,all,Get your ass to Mars,"This game is nearly perfect for me.Gameplay / StoryThe story is engaging enough to keep you going through it,  but it does sort of fizzle out at the end.Where it really shines is in the environmental storytelling in the vein of deus ex, system shock, and bioshock.Audio logs? yep.Emails? yep.Scenes that tell a story with no words at all? yep.The setting and overall theme provide a curious backdrop for you to explore the station and discover things about its inhabitants, the antagonist, yourself, and your family. I ate up all of the lore building that the game did.Combat starts out challenging, but manageable. Carefully surveying an area and planning your attack will get you through it no problem, even on Nightmare difficulty. There are definitely some powers or weapons that make this easier than others, though. Using the psychoscope to see an enemy's weaknesses and immunities will help turn a fight that seems impossible to one which is almost laughably easy.By the end of the game, I felt nigh invincible, without much of a care at all for what is in a room. It's dissapointing that the game didn't try to continue to ramp things up in response.The enemy variety leaves something to be desired-- there are only around 10 or so, and even among those, there are a few that feel very samey. Where I was excited by the combat early on, it quickly started to become routine, and the feeling turned more toward a slight annoyance when some enemies showed up-- I have exploring to do!There's some backtracking through previously-explored areas, especially toward the end. I didn't mind this, especially since the story on the station leads to some interesting-enough changes in the areas that it still felt fresh. There are those that will be dissatisfied by this, though.Speaking of exploration, the game gives you (almost) free-reign to ignore the story and start exploring after the fantastic intro sequence. There are a few places that are cut off until you do some plot-required task, but a great many of the wonderful art-deco environments are there for you experience immediately.Without spoiling it, the twists and turns in the main story felt like they were telegraphed too early on a few of the audio logs/emails, making it very easy to guess what was going on. Again, I didn't mind this because I wasn't in it for the overall story, but for the abundance of mini-stories about people on the station. The initial intriguing story hook felt like it was going to lead to something far more satisfying than what we got.I should mention that the microgravity/space sections feel great as well. Space is both dangerous and intriguing, as there are certain types of enemy attacks that temporarily make it impossible for you to maneuver in space. Planning and recon are just as important here as inside the station. Spacewalking turns out to be a very fast and convenient way to get around on the station, though you do need to unlock the airlocks from the inside of the station before you can enter from one.TechnicalOn my setup (2600K, 980Ti), I had a great >90fps experience at 1440p, with everything maxed out, save for one area, 'The Powerplant', which instantly chugged at 30 fps upon entering. Curiously, if I loaded in a save within this area, it was smooth as silk again.Initially I had some intermittent crashes, but after the 1.03 patch, I've not experienced one-- Hopefully that means they're fixed."
,Recommended,480490,31993267,Posted: 27 May,all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","-Finally back to Citadel, a shock-like again-You'll play in a multi-layered single dungeon space station like in (Ultima Underground, Arx Fatalis), System Shock or Bioshock. As always everyone's slaughtered but left you logs to explain.It's much like a cross between System Shock 2 and Bioshock plus they added some stealth mechanics. Too bad, there's no Shodan here, insect.It's like a metroidvania too: as you get a door code key or a new abilty you'll return to places and get the goodies.There are a lot of different viable approaches to play and lots of optional areas to explore and to be killed in. It's kinda difficult too if you're not cheesing. And jump scares, lots of.For the poor souls who don't know the Shock games:it's like a RPG with FPS combat in a layered dungeon. You have player upgrades, abilities, weapon and armor upgrades etc."
76561198007430407,Not Recommended,480490,31619474,Posted: 7 May,all,Yoko Taro >= GOD,"For game review, look at Edit 2:This moronic game trademark common word ""Prey"" and bully other people who use the word ""Prey"" in their product name to remove that word or face lawsuit from big company and its team of law minions.What kind of language monopoly is this?Do not support this game. I regret support this.Edit 2: Finish the game.""It a big let down""If this game come out 5-7 years ago, it will be consider 'creative and unique'. However, after thing like Deus Ex:HR, Divine Divinity: origin sin, The Witcher 3, Titanfall 2 (story mode) , or even Dishonor series from the same studio. These game had set new standard for this type of game and story, and Prey 2017 is currently below or just hanging on the ""standard"" line.It bring nothing new to the table.it's like there's no communication within the development, each map, each weapon, each NPC, each loot location contradicting each other phasing and/or narrative/lore""This is a prototype weapon quest! you will get it if you do these 15 follow the quest mark task"". Said weapon can be found lying around like generic AK-47 (I think I found like 10-15 of them and recycle all for material)Weapon upgrade are comical, almost like MMO grinding equipment, each upgrade does like +3% damage upgrade, +1 magazine capacity, etc. We already have frabication system, why not make a modding for weapon instead??? Like in Dead Space 3 , why can't I install auto reloader to my pump-action shotgun?There's also just 6 weapons in the game, where you probarbly found in first 5-6 hour of the game, in a 30+ hour game. And half of them are generic FPS weapons that you had witness since WWI , this is sci-fi ok? why can't you at least 'science' those relic from the past?Inventory is also annoying more than risk-reward tactic, there's no ""chest"" in the game for you to deposit thing you don't need ""now"". In game like Resident Evil 1-4, player can choose to store ""this weapon and ammo"" to open up some space for more ammo of other weapons or just gain empty area to search for other thing. However, in Prey everything must be carry with you in your limited backpack.There's almost no creative way to use abilities. Don't be fool by trailer, a lot of those 'creative puzzle' are limited and between and come in mass product line. They can be break down into just...1. Door with lock which you can use toy gun to flip switch, or mimic small object and get in from window, or climb over wall using glue gun, or hack, or lift heavy object that block it.2. Shock door/machine with your stun gun to diable them3. An unique puzzle for a area. Usually reading/watching video and do something to get achievement <<< This one make the game shine, but they are too few.Player's ""alien power"" are a joke in this game. It's basic magic system from DnD (you cast fire/electric/force to enemy and deal XX damage, done) . And combat ablity has none existing usage for puzzle solving in meaningful way.Enemy are reskin of each other, just change their color and attribute. There're mainly...1. Mimic and upgrade hp minic2. lazy human model censorship that come in fire/electric/generic variant (including Nightmare form)3. Floating tentacle that either mind-control character or turretAlso no boss, nightmare are a joke even on hard, I only die when he glitch my camera and wall block me to death.Another 'wut?' moment within this game is that I can just dash through all area and there's almost no resistance unless I go sideline. In the final 'section' where the game make me backtrack like half of the whole game, I can just run pass them all in 10-15 min since monster are either dead (I had kill them already), or too few to make me spent more than 10 seconds empty my pistol into them.Story, oh the story. Had you ever play Divine Divinity 2 ? yes, it's that kind of ending. If you never experience it, good for you.Even the original Prey has more original story than this. This is a generic Sci-fi trope checklist, but slap with half thought ending.""What you do is meaningless, your choices are mere illusion""Last thing on QA.30 min in and already 2 crash even before I finish tutorial.120 min in and 4 crash.I think I get it now, if I left the game pause on menu (ESC one) for longer than 1 min, it will crash. How the ♥♥♥♥ this is left slip from QA?Still at last area of the game, the game crash like every 15 min even when I didn't leave it on menu."
,Recommended,480490,31986575,Posted: 26 May,all,Reyalan,This game rivals Half-life 2 in every way.
,Recommended,480490,31993320,Posted: 27 May,all,FluffySquirrel,"Really enjoyed this game, has an interesting story, you can play it in a wide variety of ways, to suit your playstyleI played it very cautiously and conservatively. I had a ridiculous amount of spare items and ammo by the end. Really enjoyed doing that though, and I explored pretty much every inch of the stationIf you enjoyed games like Deus Ex: Human Revolution, System Shock 2, or Dishonoured, then you'll probly enjoy this"
,Recommended,480490,32007796,Posted: 27 May,all,KÆZ,The game is very long but never gets boring so totally worth the money. The story keeps you guessing. What you think you know will be shattered multiple times while trying to figure the plot out. The combat has multiple play styles and aproaches with lots of powers and the neuromods keep flowing so your constantly upgrading yourself. The sidequests were never tedious they felt like a natural part of the story. The zero gravity sections were spectacular and well done. The exploration was fantastic and Talos 1 was awesome. The start of the game captured the clostrophobia and loneliness of space coupled with the fear of every object having the potential of attacking you. As you get more powerful the fear subsides and your character gets very overpowered and the fun and chaos begins toward the end game. Best game 2017 so far.
76561198062685777,Recommended,480490,31765007,Posted: 15 May,all,rickybaugh2000,Frustrating because ammo and health are scarce and the bad guys kill you in a couple of hits.(And yes I do suck at this game.)Graphics are awesome. Game mechanics are smooth. If you don't suck like I do you're gonna love it.
,Recommended,480490,32000648,Posted: 27 May,all,RickelodeonTV,A bold and thoughtful -shock successor.
76561198274500938,Recommended,480490,32003548,Posted: 27 May,all,michaelbencivenga,This is basically the System Shock 3 that I never knew I needed. One of the best games I've played recently.
76561197966970006,Recommended,480490,32016012,Posted: 28 May,all,Necrym59,"Well done and complex gameplay make it an interesting addition to your game list but groundbreaking and appealing as dishonoured it isnt, its more along the lines of deus ex meets bioshock aliens, it definately does not have the immersiveness of their previous games and seems a strange mismatch of uncoordinated missions on a space station without any real tension or feeling of impending doom. I may revise my opinion as i progess further but so far im unimpressed."
,Recommended,480490,32016019,Posted: 28 May,all,Beanchilla,"This game will make you feel clever. It's Deus Ex and System Shock for the next generation. It's a hell of a game and while the story isn't anything new the gameplay allows you to face each challenge your own ways and warrants multiple playthroughs. I'm already looking forward to doing a no typhon power run and seeking out all the side quests I might have missed.It's gorgeous, fun, and actually requires you to think instead of just shoot.If you are a fan of Bioshock, Deus Ex, System Shock or just looking for a good FPS in general then look no further."
76561198023647489,Recommended,480490,31988959,Posted: 26 May,all,nextgener,"I have all the trophy's from this game.It should be obvious from that, but this is a title Definetly worth your money."
,Recommended,480490,31984879,Posted: 26 May,all,1helios1,Very compelling gameplay and story.
76561198029080940,Recommended,480490,31985358,Posted: 26 May,all,Tokyofireworkz,"After some complaints (Mostly from people that are still pining over System Shock and Galaga) I kept hearing about, this game was a pleasant surprise. There is a lot to do and you can play in diverse ways. It is similar to other games (Bioshock), but adds its own uniqueness, so it isn't a clone.Also, it is difficult enough to make it interesting, but not frustratingly so, with one exception--the hacking is a bit too hard in low levels.That's my two cents. Have fun."
,Recommended,480490,31985368,Posted: 26 May,all,m4rgin4l,"A fantastic game. If you had the misfortune of playing on day one, you might have been bitten by one of the many game-breaking bugs, but after a couple of patches, it is pretty stable. The gameplay is reminiscent of System Shock but with better shooting. It's not as good as Doom in that regards, but it's entertaining enough."
76561197983601366,Recommended,480490,32005878,Posted: 27 May,all,William Shakeshack,Hit those mugs and chairs as hard as you can.
76561198029044535,Recommended,480490,32006613,Posted: 27 May,all,localbubble,"Prey is a very good game!  It allows you to play how you want to and has some cool features that helps it to stand on it's own.  It has nothing to do with the orginal but seems to have some slight nods if you look closely.  Shooter wise, this is not Doom, although through upgrades you can move fastest and jump higher. Combat is good but requires some strategy as ammo does require effort to find or make.Story is good but not great, audio logs provide the majorty of purpose and story progression.  Atmosphere is where the game really shines, Talos 1 is beautiful.Graphics are great and the FOV slider has been recently patched into the game. (I56600k,32gb ram, GTX 1070, SSD) Load times are quick. No save file issues as of 18 hours in.Give it a shot it's worth your time."
,Recommended,480490,32005035,Posted: 27 May,all,Karma,"This game was an awespiring expirience for me. As a self proclaimed connoisseur of sandbox games I felt quite railed in where I went and what I did but It was beautiful nontheless. The narrative was provacotive and made me think above myself in order to make a call that would bennifit all life, not just my own species. In the end I felt shocked and confused but it brought light to everything the story provided to me in order to connect the narative. It was in all terms of the word short, but It flowed and provided and unforgettable expirience. The gameplay on the otherhand was a pants-soiling horror  that made you alert to the surrounding area. I felt myself thinking less two dimensionally and instead I tried to think of ways to use props and other objects as stepping stones to line up shots into a button in the other room. The only real problem I had with the combat in the game would have to be the difficulty being ramped up exponentionally and being unforgiveable to a new player."
76561198381207695,Recommended,480490,32001258,Posted: 27 May,all,johnno23,"Great game but one that really does not lead you by the nose.Had to give it a break for a few days as I got myaelf into a situation where I probably got ahead of myself and now the dastardly smoke monsters kill me without mercy........I know I could lower the difficulty but thats just so lame. I merely need to consider how to get out of the mess I am in and then backtrack and make myself stronger.That said it is this very fact that makes Prey so cool.....I played dishonoured and loved it but ripped thru the game in no time...same with a couple of thers as Deus Ex mankind divided. This game some have ripped thru fast but for me and my aging fingers this one is keeping me occupied.In gameplay itself a lot of thought has gone into the seeming;ly impossible as always there is a method to defeat an obstinate enemy...and the save mechanism works well enough that one does not get tired of having to grind thru an entire section only to die again.My biggest gripe is with myself.......I managed to finally open the coded door only to find I keep running out of ammo before I can take down the enemies.........All in All I like the balance between blast your way thru and the occasional damm I have to fire up a few braincells to work out how to get past or kill the enemy. For me I have found that everytime I get truly stuck it is entirely my own doing. this is a game where one needs to think ahead and not expect unlimited ammo around every corner to take care of things........basically a game that goes back to the old school style of things. Think, think again and conserve resources.Blasting mimics with a pimped shotgun is fun but you pay for it eventually as the ammo wasted rather than using the wrench comes back to bite you in the backside.I know there is a tendency to compare each game to previous influences but I think the look and feel of Prey has found its own unique slot.....it belongs in the space sci fi  monster genre but thats where it ends..........Prey for me gets lots of things right and so far I have found nothing I feel is wrong.I have a controller but the game is so well suited to KB and Mouse it is a dream to control ones movement and orientation even when out in the void or the GUTS where there is no gravity.Graphics for the first 10 15 minutes i was kinda thinking.......simple. However once the game develops past the opening section the graphics truly come alive. Some awesone usage of textures and an almost ethereal atmosphere throughtout much of the station.Much of the environment is quite trippy and I think I was reprimanded by the devs for hanging around and admiring the scenery as they let loose the nightmare which actively hunts you down......what can I say other than go for it.If you like anything space scifi with some shooting thrown in and occasional usage of the brain then Prey is not going to dissapoint....So many Zombie games out there and so many games seemd dumbed down to cater for Zombies......Prey imo breaks out of that mould and gives a great experience......possibly a biased opinon as it is my type of game but hopefully enough info to help anyone on the fence about this one."
,Recommended,480490,33335376,Posted: 7 July,all,n3dst4,"It's basically an excellent, thoughtful immersive sim in the vein of System Shock, Bioshock, Deus Ex etc.The combat is easy if you take it slowly and think about the environment and your abilities; hard if you ignore all that."
76561197961909777,Recommended,480490,33337778,Posted: 7 July,all,The Major,"When people said it was like a mix between Bioshock (at least one) and Dishonored, I was somewhat skeptical. I got it anyways, though, as it seemed like a game I would enjoy. Especially when I read about how hard it was supposed to be. How ammo is scarce, enemies hard and ""not enough"" consumables.In that regard, I was disapointed. I jumped into the game knowing nothing on nightmare, the hardest difficulty. No problems at all, and only died two enemies one or two times. Rest was me doing stupid stuff like jumping infront of lightning-arcing panels and the like. Even saying that, though, I still had an absolute blast playing it. I didn't even use any powers; just normal ""human"" stuff!The story itself was a huge plus. They give you enough information throughout the story, subtly, to where you can figure out what exactly is going on. Subtle enough to figure it out, but not blaring air horns and pointing red arrows. You'll read/see things and, while it could be inconsequential, it could be a major bit of story. This means that their story telling was spot on. Enough to deduce without giving it away. Not many games or movies can claim that currently.All in all, I have to put this on a ""must play"" game if you liked, at least, the first bio shock. Even if there is no new game plus, I can still see myself going through the game at least one or two more times, and the campaign wasn't short.**Backtracking**Yes, there is back tracking in the game. However, you go to each area so many times for so many reasons, that you don't <i>have</i> to do things the absolute moment you get them. To my knowledge, very few things are actually able to be ""missed"", so you should't feel hurried. Take your time and enjoy it; it's a good game."
76561198135738694,Recommended,480490,33334617,Posted: 6 July,all,Padrino9186,"i played prey on a MSI laptop with i7 7700hq and 6gb 1060 and it played on high settings at 60 fps. towards the end of the game i had about 10 crashes in a few hours (cryengine error) that kind of took me out of the experience but the gave allows you to save constantly so it wasnt the biggest problem for me. i play alot at work so my times are all off, the main story plus some extras took me 23 hours to complete.the game is very fun to play, i played on normal difficulty and only had problems towards the end with 1 type of enemy but after trial and error i found out how to get around them.  i would definitely recommend this game if you looking for a pretty decent story and a great ending...(watch the credits all the way through :)"
76561198308670797,Recommended,480490,33329824,Posted: 6 July,all,BertMacklinFBI,es gud
76561198302934637,Recommended,480490,33334001,Posted: 6 July,all,ianhemingson,"i LOVED this game, it was a thrilling edge of your seat adventure to play! 10/10 :)"
76561197960302231,Recommended,480490,33333372,Posted: 6 July,all,thedude85,"Very fun game. Only 15-20 hours in and I'm really enjoying it. Playing it slow, doing all the side quests and taking in the full experience. Would definately recommend, especially if you can run the game on max settings."
76561198092199156,Recommended,480490,33347873,Posted: 7 July,all,gotf2now,The game is awesome and very interesting with it's graphics and things in it.It is with nice story mode and is adventerousArcane studios please bring back the exploit for material duplication and do dificulty (new player).
,Recommended,480490,33331547,Posted: 6 July,all,Antichi,Most time Ive spent playing a syrvival horror in 1 playthrough . great game. 10000/10000 emails
76561198030799724,Recommended,480490,33395025,Posted: 8 July,all,BlueCharizard,What a ride.
,Recommended,480490,33396922,Posted: 9 July,all,☻SharkMan,best sci/fi shooter i've played in a really long time.
76561197995128738,Recommended,480490,33363502,Posted: 7 July,all,Shake Zula,"It's supposed to be a spiritual successor to System Shock, which is what I thought BioShock was supposed to be?   Anyhow, it plays like BioShock, with beautiful graphics and a story told through the very played-out system of keyed radio conversations and journal logs.  Generally frightful enemies, and I love being an Asian lesbian, and it's from Arkane so I wanted to love the puzzle design, but it's mostly an above-average meh."
,Recommended,480490,33369025,Posted: 8 July,all,Kurausx,Wrench Simulator 2017.12/10
76561198042398656,Recommended,480490,33392280,Posted: 8 July,all,Skamper  Gunallen,"I will be completely honest.Going in I had a lot of people tell me the ending was an utter waste of time or at least that it was heavily underwhelming yet I must say that I did not see that coming.At least the ending I got anyway, not sure if there are more."
,Recommended,480490,33390783,Posted: 8 July,all,FireFox,This game is an AMAZING game. Highly recommend. Great for nerds!
,Recommended,480490,33386294,Posted: 8 July,all,[SpS|GM]Mardan-CrunchyInTheory,"I almost feel guilty not being able to discuss the original Prey (2006), as it’s not even available on Steam anymore. Prey (2017), which will be referred to simply as ‘Prey’, is certainly paying homage to something, but that something is not a linear first-person shooter. Prey is both an “immersive sim” [a name which feels more apt to something like Elite: Dangerous than a game like Prey, Dishonored, or BioShock] and a game with open-ended and non-linear level design simultaneously. “Open-world” is a polluted tag, but its simplest interpretation of describing a map which can be traveled freely does apply to Prey. The modern “open-world” features, almost endless collectible items and pointless sidequests, are not a part of Prey’s philosophy. Rampant instead throughout Prey’s giant and open space-station, Talos 1, are numerous unscripted puzzles for the player to solve.Take, for instance, a security booth. The booth has small holes at the bases of its windows (too small for a person), and the glass is reinforced by a force field. The door is locked from the inside, but it can be unlocked with the right key code. The computer touchscreen inside is also capable of unlocking the door, but it’s too far away from the window to reach. The ceiling also has a hatch barricaded shut with an impossibly heavy Reployer. Ultimately, the player decides how to approach this situation. If they’ve invested enough in the hacking skill, they can simply hack the door panel to override the security. If they’ve invested in the Leverage skill, they have enough strength to heave the Reployer out of the way. If the player has the foam dart-shooting crossbow, they can use it to remotely activate the computer touchscreen and open the door. Alternatively, the player can explore the area to find a sticky note or audio log containing the code for the door. Of course, there’s always the option to turn into a coffee cup and slide under the window slit.These creative problem-solving situations are not only present when attempting to gain entry to security booths. Almost every situation in the game can be approached from several different ways. This single-handedly carries Prey from being a somewhat-generic sci-fi thriller with shoddy combat to the best application of the immersive-sim design philosophy.StoryPrey tells the tale of Morgan Yu, one of the chief scientists working aboard a privately-owned space station orbiting the moon. In the year 1958, humanity first encountered the Typhon species via a satellite orbiting the moon. Seventy-seven years and many failures later, the Typhon encountered near Earth have been contained and researched aboard Talos 1. Many technologies, including the Neuromod, a device which allows the duplication and implantation of neural patterns, have been developed as a result of Typhon research. Naturally, the Typhon have broken containment and eliminated most of the crew aboard the station.While the main, overarching storyline of Prey is lackluster and somewhat generic, there are many other stories to be discovered on Talos 1. Individual crew members are given personalities through their emails, which you can read at their workstations, and their TranScribes, audio logs which can be downloaded from computers or found on bodies. Surviving members of the crew may hold Morgan in disdain for your controversial research and actions, but regardless, they will never be hostile of their own volition. Most of the player’s actions, including rescuing certain crew members, can and do impact the plot, but not in a terribly significant way.GameplayAs mentioned previously, Prey is ripe with exploration and unscripted (and scripted) side objectives. Combat is slow and methodical, and charging directly at enemies will most likely result in an early death. Instead, the game rewards creative planning: carrying a turret with you to deal with tough threats, luring Typhon into environmental hazards, and the like. The horror label so frequently assigned to Prey is misplaced. Prey is a ‘thriller’, but not a horror game. Mimics, a form of Typhon that can transform into nearby objects and duplicate them, keep the player on their toes. Almost any object has the potential to be a mimic, especially if it looks out of place. Apart from the usual complement of firearms and other munitions, the player is also equipped with several utilities that don’t deal direct damage to enemies. The GLOO cannon is of particular note, as the freedom this tool allows is quite profound. The GLOO cannon fires sticky projectiles which adhere immediately to almost any non-glass surface (with the exception of itself). GLOO then immediately hardens into a surface which can support the player’s weight (but can also be broken easily with attacks). The use of GLOO allows the player to navigate levels almost without restriction. Don’t want to wait for progression to unlock the stairs? Build a ramp out of GLOO. Need to immobilize an enemy during combat? Use GLOO. Also of note is the aforementioned foam dart crossbow, which can lure enemies with sound and, more importantly, remotely manipulate touchscreens. Almost all computers aboard Talos 1 are touchscreen and can therefore be remotely activated.Prey’s gameplay is immensely enjoyable, and it truly shines when exploring a new area, which the player is free to do before any of the story quests reach there. However, the gameplay takes a sharp downturn in the last four hours or so. At that point, the now-chaotic Talos 1 is boarded by a TranStar mercenary and a complement of military robots. The dispensers of friendly Operators (small, floating robots) are overridden to produce these new hostile versions. The turn the game takes at this point is for the worse. While the Typhon encouraged the player to think outside the box to defeat them, the Military Operators encourage the exact opposite. They are in no way challenging to defeat; one blast with the stun gun will destroy them or at the very least immobilize them. Worse yet, these enemies are able to fly and attack at long range, so there is little benefit in attacking from a vantage point. After all, the stun gun is out of range at that point. Since these enemies are all the same, the game’s equal rewarding of all play styles comes to a grinding halt here as well. Only two play styles are rewarded at the end of the game: using the stun gun and EMPs, and using the Machine Mind ability, which turns robotic enemies to the player’s side. Thankfully, this phase ends quickly; at the very end of the game, all enemies are removed and many areas of the station are sealed off (the player can load a previous save to go back and explore further). This horrible section of gameplay is comparatively very short to the rest of the 30-some-hour first playthrough I experienced. Despite this, it sours the otherwise satisfying conclusion to the story as it ignores everything that makes the rest of the game great.PC & GraphicsPrey is a phenomenal PC game, boasting a plentiful options menu and very stable frame rates, unsurprising due to the game’s use of CryEngine. The frame rate on my PC (i7 4790k / 16 GB RAM / GTX 970) only dipped below 60 looking in one direction in one very demanding area at one point in the game. Apart from that one occurrence, the game was perfectly stable with no crashes or save file corruption. The 20-save limit is somewhat irritating, but Quick saves are automatically deleted and functions are available to manually delete old saves from within the game.(Steam character limit reached) Click here to read the rest of the review (free, no ads).http://store.steampowered.com/app/480490"
,Recommended,480490,33378799,Posted: 8 July,all,Decoy Octopus,"Well, at least the game runs well. Good optimization. Nice graphics, but nothing mindblowing. The game is like alphabet soup of some many games you have played before. You take a little of Half Life add some Deux Ex and mix it with a whole lot of Bioshock and you get Prey. The main character uses a wrench for crying out loud. Cliche science fiction story that's predictable and boring enemies that lack variety.  But it plays very well. It simply doesn't really innovate anywhere. I thought the glue gun was unique but then It reminded me of the gravity gun. LOL. Decent game if you like any of the games it takes inspiration from."
76561198024468923,Recommended,480490,33380198,Posted: 8 July,all,ljmonahan33,Great game! much like Bio Shock. Great ending as well. make good choices...... or else.
,Recommended,480490,33377456,Posted: 8 July,all,Grebnedlog,Pretty good.
76561197979157816,Recommended,480490,33388461,Posted: 8 July,all,RiKKO_011,It has been a while since a game sucks me in so much... kinda remindes me of good ol Half-Life 2 days.
76561198106276101,Recommended,480490,33404594,Posted: 9 July,all,Uiagneach,"Fantastic game , had a great time playing. will likely play it again to try diiferent powers, etc. that I missed the first time. Worth buying for the expierience."
,Recommended,480490,31564427,Posted: 5 May,all,Gaunter O'dimm,"This game is simply fantastic. It has great music, great combat, great mechanics, and great powers. The setting is also memorable. I don't want to spoil the gameplay since it's a game that is a toolbox of options in how to handle every encounter. The combat is also extremely lethal even on lower difficulties and your going to need to really plan and think through how you progress. The game can either be really short (I've heard 10 hours for a speed rush on normal) if you rush the main story or longer if you backtrack to do sidequests. I've heard 20-25 for a longer run.There is such a wide variety of ways to tackling the game that a second playthrough has tons of room for experimentation in how you solve the game.It's been mentioned by other reviewers but there is a dark souls style of unlocking and backtracking to uncover secret paths and shortcuts to awesome loot and interesting encounters. Early in the game it's made pretty obvious that there is a lot of stuff to explore if you choose to backtrack.The performance is simply sublime and it runs at 2560x1080p. It's been running buttery smooth on my SLI 980 rig. I have heard it runs pretty good on single cards as well. As for glitches so far I have only experienced one minor one. When I go into the menu and press escape then go back to the game I had the Prey logo on the game screen and the mouse despite wandering around shooting stuff. A simple reload fixed this.If the game keeps pace like this it feels like it is an 8-9 out of 10. If your looking for a slow paced deadly shooter with excellent gameplay Prey has got you covered.There are two things that are more middling for me. As for some not to great things the story is above average but not gripping. Same with the characters themselves.The worse thing has to be the enemy design. I feel there isn't enough variety. I do like mimics, but I think that level of creativity should have been applied to the whole game.When I finish the game I will put in my final score."
,Recommended,480490,31564499,Posted: 5 May,all,Geth,Prophunt in space.Except..Instead of laughs with friends.Screams of terror.11/10
,Recommended,480490,31564524,Posted: 5 May,all,fl00blab,I love the turrets!10/10 - would hang out with turrets again
76561198137353727,Recommended,480490,31564741,Posted: 5 May,all,Nit,Good game so far. Tense as hell.Runs well at 1080p and 60 fps on a GTX 1070. If you like Bioshock you'll probably like this as well.
76561197968351158,Recommended,480490,31564826,Posted: 5 May,all,Gewenis,"Can't say much for the game itself, but as an I5, Geforce 660 gtx, Im running this game at 1080p with a solid 60 fps so bravo to that, as where Dishonored 2 performance was so bad I couldnt even play it."
76561197987355726,Recommended,480490,31564897,Posted: 5 May,all,Azkron,"Bioshock in space. Except EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING THING can be an enemy, no game has ever made me this paranoid."
76561198056922013,Recommended,480490,31565487,Posted: 5 May,all,jmg28662,Surprisingly a very fun game. This game has me smashing everything in the room. It's Bioshock meets Dead Space. It's not all that scary but still remains entertaining. Overall I recommend this game if you liked Bioshock. Also surprisingly runs well on the PC. Not the best in terms of graphics but it won't ruin the game.
,Recommended,480490,31562401,Posted: 5 May,all,Juno,"Very, Very, Very Fabulous game. Trumpmendus graphics. Just beautiful, you need to see it!  :)All trump jokes aside.. I have loved this game so far. It reminds me of System Shock 2 and Bio Shock. I have had fun being able to explore without getting punished for taking my time. I have only found on bug so far. If you get Dismantal the original Goo gun you are given and replace it with one that you finbd somewhere else. You won't be able to get it back into your quick select. You are able to select a number for it in your inventory but yeah, Can't figure it out. Anayway!SO Go forth and purchase my friend!"
,Recommended,480490,31564279,Posted: 5 May,all,Nick,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPcfGniicAY“Prey” is a reboot of an old 1st person shooter game from 2006 but shares very little in common with that game. In the new 2017 Prey, you take control of Morgan Yu and try to recover your memory as you explore a large station filled with various Alien creatures called the Typhoon. The storyline’s strength lies in its mystery so I’ll try to avoid spoiling anything else but I can say the game borrows a lot of inspiration from games like System Shock and Bioshock.In fact, the game plays a lot like those games too. You’ll start off with a simple narrative section where things seem normal, and after a few minutes something terrible happens and you end up picking up a wrench and smacking enemies as you search each room from top to bottom for supplies to help keep you alive. The levels are open-ended in nature with tons of secrets to find and alternative routes to objectives that benefit the game’s replay value. The weapons all handle nicely and seem to be creative in their design. There’s basic weapons like pistols and shotguns, but then there’s also cool unique weapons like the GLOO cannon that fires quick-drying glue that can freeze enemies, stop fires, and even create alternative paths allowing for some unique gameplay opportunities. Players can upgrade these weapons with weapon upgrade kits hidden in the levels as well as upgrade their character’s skill tree with Neuromods which can unlock the ability to hack computers, lift heavy boxes, and increase maximum health. Something I thought was pretty unique to Prey was the ability to recycle garbage items into more valuable items. Instead of going the typical “Vender” route and having you sell tons of items to some vender for currency, you can actually take your crumbled up paper and banana peels to this recycling machine and throw it into a compactor that will give you more useful resources like ammunition for your GLOO cannon. And then we have the enemies themselves. Prey’s enemies are these weird shadow looking alien creatures that roam the levels freely. You can avoid combat with these enemies in most situations with a basic stealth system which helps if you’re running low on ammo. But a lot of times, these enemies will hide from you. The mimics are one of the more common enemies you’ll run into, and they can actually disguise themselves as common objects found around the game world like a coffee mug or a piece of crumbled up paper. They only revert back to their alien form when you get too close so it’s common for them to jump out at you when you’re not ready. These aliens are not scripted to turn into anything in particular, but instead will randomly choose random objects to morph into, making it a different experience every time. This morphing ability is eventually made available to the player, allowing players to morph into common objects like microscopes and sneak through windows to reach some valuable items. There’s also bigger aliens that offer a more challenging fight and they’re usually easier to just sneak past then to fight. So prey offers a few really cool and unique gameplay opportunities, but also borrows a LOT of elements from Bioshock and Deus Ex.Now let’s take a few moments to talk about the game’s visuals and performance. So far with my 1080ti setup, the game performs near flawless with very high average framerates at the maximum graphic settings. I am having some stuttering right before autosave points and right before mimics attack, but it could have something to do with the Windows 10 Creators update that has introduced stuttering to a lot of games.The game’s visuals aren’t all that impressive overall. The art-style is very simplistic and textures are pretty bland. There’s a lot of very basic lighting and I also noticed a significant amount of aliasing shimmer even with the anti-aliasing setting maxed out. It would have been nice of Arkane had included a supersampling option to help improve overall quality.And that pretty much sums Prey up. Prey is available for $60 on steam, PS4, and XboxOne and features an average length single player experience with open-ended first person gameplay that encourages experimentation and creative exploration. The graphics aren’t anything revolutionary, but the game does perform very well on the maximum settings and seems to be a polished overall product."
,Recommended,480490,31564362,Posted: 5 May,all,Pwnguin,2 hours into this game and I am glad I bought this on impulse. If you are waiting for the System Shock Remaster or System Shock 3 this game should scratch that itch no problem.+Enemy types keep you on your toes and will actually run and try to hide for a surprise attack later on.+Crafting is simplified and easy to understand with no in-depth tutorial.+Tutorial itself is short and doesn't hold your hand.+Difficulty is challenging yet fair.+/-Pause combat to open inventory and eat pounds of food to heal ala Skyrim-Feels a bit too similar to Bioshock but IN SPACE-Just craft ammo in bulk and gung ho every room is a somewhat viable strategy as always.
76561198097899842,Recommended,480490,31566089,Posted: 5 May,all,TB0NE45,"Runs great, very interesting and engaging story, looks good too. Dont see that from to many games anymore. Very good game!"
76561198071643066,Recommended,480490,31565814,Posted: 5 May,all,FadedFatality (Master Baiter),"GOO Gun = 10/10. Would sticky things again... and again...um, and again."
,Recommended,480490,31565872,Posted: 5 May,all,NoBlackThunder,3 hours in and i am still amazed .. so many secrets all over .. interesting small story parts .. i am amazed how well this game is and how well it performs .. and damm those visual effects like hte hologram glass thing ... daaaam!All i can say that i feel this game is giving me some form of Half Life 1 & 2 feelings ... And it is well done with good stable game systems =D
76561198052290051,Recommended,480490,31562036,Posted: 5 May,all,elhao,"Every single room in Prey: Enter, listen to your surroundings, hit everything with a wrench to test if it is a mimic, if it is: panic, Gloo-gun, try not to die. Rinse and repeat.10/10, would hit everything again."
,Recommended,480490,31560591,Posted: 5 May,all,Feety Pajamaz,Runs great. Feels great. It's bascially Bioshock with more story and fun little things to find.
76561198050712099,Recommended,480490,31561459,Posted: 5 May,all,reginald.allouchery,"This game is so good.  Did you like half life, alien isolation, deus ex, deep space, bioshock, system shock?  Then go buy this game now.  Prey takes elements from all the afore mentioned games and more and mix them together to create something new yet nourishing and comforting.  Exploring talos is a joy.  The game is scarier then I expected, since the mimics can be anywhere essentially you are always jumpy (but in a good way.)  The whole station is one giant puzzle that you unravel so that you can get to the answers set up by the excellent story.  The fighting is hard and that's good.  The game encourages you to think outside the box.  It looks beautiful and runs great.  An excellent, lovingly crafted entry into the 'trapped in a controlled environment and trying to survive while figuring out WHAT WENT WRONG' subgenre.  Well worth full price.  What are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,480490,31619441,Posted: 7 May,all,BatteryJuice,"It's like bioshock and dead space plus deus ex all combined into a horror game with great optimisation and graphics, the story is soooooo good and the gameplay (gunplay, searching, overall story missions) is fantastic."
76561198044946307,Recommended,480490,31621422,Posted: 8 May,all,KOHb,"An amazing game, a spritual successor to System/Bioshock with a hint of Dead Space, Half-Life and Dishonored.Pros:+ Weird and engaging story+ Charaters are developed nicely through audio-logs, emails and notes+ Simple and powerful crafting+ Amazing OST+ Amazing performance and good gfx+ Good pacing+ Talos I is big and open for you to explore+ Good side questsCons:- Somewhat predictable conclusion- Combat is not the bestOverall 9/10, if you like a more slower paced game than your typical FPS - try it"
,Recommended,480490,31617787,Posted: 7 May,all,tylerpowell24,"Awesome game by the Talented team at Arkane, the same team that brought you Dishonored 1 and 2. This game feels alot like Bioshock, Dishonored, System Shock 2 and Alien Isolation. You have an entire station to explore freely while fighting all types of aliens. The game is challenging and requires you to plan and think or you will get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you, but like Arkane's other games the way you play is completey up to you. There are usually a ton of different ways and routes to tackle objectives.The story and characters are pretty intresting and the plot will keep you guessing just what is happening and how you Morgan Yu fit into it. Defintley worth a buy if you like a challenging thinking man's shooter, or if you are a fan of any of the games I mentioned."
,Recommended,480490,31618184,Posted: 7 May,all,Archie Warrior,10/10 would smash multiple chairs again.
76561198060492546,Recommended,480490,31818238,Posted: 18 May,all,kerrbox,tops
76561198327929409,Recommended,480490,31818277,Posted: 18 May,all,I love total war,Great
76561198027586749,Recommended,480490,31814061,Posted: 17 May,all,SimplySarcastic,Combines the best parts of Dead Space and Dishonored with a great story.
76561198010006824,Recommended,480490,31812210,Posted: 17 May,all,Cecil Parkinson,"Tense, absorbing."
,Recommended,480490,31813330,Posted: 17 May,all,Kronosaries,"Great Game. Plays flawlessly for a Bethesda release. If you like Bioshock, Dishonored, Fallout (any), or anything else in the realm of space, horror, or FPSs Buy this. Buy it at full price. It's that good."
76561198020557106,Recommended,480490,31836057,Posted: 19 May,all,nickelpro,The best FPS immersive sim released since Bioshock 1. If you enjoyed the Shock series or Dishonored or Thief you have to play Prey. It's a masterpiece
76561198221853604,Recommended,480490,31839444,Posted: 19 May,all,armin73s,"Never have I been scared and been dragged deeply into a game world in a horror game until prey ! Think of it as a combination of dead space FEAR and half life and you get the idea of how good this game is . Speaking of which prey is the horror / survival version of half life and it does it in a fantastic waySpoiler alert !At the beginning of the game you ride a helicopter , listen to the soundtrack and feel you are flying in heavenThis is how good the audio design is"
76561198072359181,Recommended,480490,31827576,Posted: 18 May,all,Guardianslayer9,"Like an updated version of System Shock 2 with a more developed and intricate plot that will keep you guessing, and second guessing, at what the ""right"" options are. Level design is also amazing with the ability to take advantage of almost anything in the environment with almost any skillset to achieve your goals. The only negative I can think of is that it is a little too easy on Normal difficulty, part of the way through for people who want a hardcore experience, but that's remedied by turning up the difficulty in the settings. amazing 10/10"
76561198018586093,Recommended,480490,31846303,Posted: 19 May,all,[2.Han.IR] Grabbin,"The game is really good, worth taking a look at in my opinion. Only thing is that the ending is a letdown. I was expecting more than a abrupt 10 second ending scene and a unnecessary recap of what I did..."
76561197971286178,Recommended,480490,31844141,Posted: 19 May,all,Sacri,"This game has elements from Deus Ex and Bioshock for sure. And like someone said here, I never tought that I need an ability to transform to coffee mug and have a nerf gun in a game but in this game you want to."
76561198005339156,Recommended,480490,31850312,Posted: 19 May,all,kate,Cross between bioshock and half-life.  Great FPS!
76561197982600291,Recommended,480490,31583096,Posted: 6 May,all,kilexe,"Update - Game completed. I have a lack of patience for side questing at some point. Decent game with mulitple endings.Has a Bioshock feel, mixed with deus x, outlast, Doom. Finally a game that I'm addicted to! Extremly fun and challenging, ammo is scarce so it requires you to really use everything you got to stay alive. out of ammo? Make more ammo! Skill trees are all over the place so picking a play style is fun. Sneak around, scan creatures, discover hidden areas. woot."
,Recommended,480490,31901524,Posted: 22 May,all,Cyndershade,"What a crazy, crazy, crazy good game this was.TL;DR 9/10 and some change, I think the ONLY thing I'd add to make it a 10 would be to throw a rifle into the game (longer ranged combat would have saved me a few ruined pairs of clean boxers I'll tell you that much).Overview:Prey is a reboot of a purchased IP that has nothing to do with its roots outside of the name itself. Folks looking for a Prey sequel will be shut down pretty much immediately because this iteration has no alien mobsters whatsoever, no portal gameplay, etc. There's some similar themes here and there but honestly it seems like Bethesda and Arkane were after the name more than the idea - and honestly I'm fine with that. I liked the original Prey but never really felt like there was a need for a sequel, frankly I didn't think it was that good. Fine game, no sequel required.This game takes place in a seemingly utopian future in a universe where Kennedy was never assassinated, the space race was a massive push to unite humanity in finding what's out there - and boy did they. You play as a Yu sibling being onboarded for your first day aboard the Talos research satellite to work on a progress with your brother, or so it seems. Pretty quickly this is turned on its head and you spend the rest of the game dealing with the consequences of trying to reach out and touch the stars.Prey deals with dark and heavy themes from human experimentation through manipulation of brain cells to sacrificing ""volunteers"" to the Typhon (the alien race in the game) for some exotic crafting materials. You'll be offered a rich and intense opportunity to explore the massive facility and experience some of the story first hand, some of it through inference and some more of it through second hand information found from things like emails, dungeons and dragons character sheets, voice memos, etc. All in all the game offers a super rich experience no matter what playstyle you want to attempt to explore it in.Graphics and Design:The game looks excellent on PC, Arkane took advantage of CryEngine's technology which was a real solid decision on their part for a lot of reasons. On a highly capable PC I never had any frame drops or issues playing on max settings at WQHD and 144fps, Arkane did a phenomenal job of making this space station you explore look extremely lived in and functional without making it a boring run through of a corporate office that happened to be in space. Level design is hub based but only in the sense of an overarching map that covers where you'll be - once you get inside of an actual level you'll find yourself lost in the shear scale of some of the areas. As the game goes on you'll get more skills that allow you to run faster and jump higher, which will increase your play area considerably - level design takes the Y axis into account constantly and makes it look damn good. I even found myself thinking, ""wow, even these maintenance ducts look super well designed"".Gameplay and 'is it fun?':Arkane managed to take a number of great elements from other games we're familiar with - System Shock, Bioshock, Dead Space, etc, and put them together in a neat package that not only feels legitimate for your environment but also feels functional and useful to take advantage of. Things like crafting and recycling items, inventory management and dismantling weapon pickups you don't need are obviously not anything new, but the way it's represented in Prey works amazingly. Absolutely nothing you come across to pick up isn't without some level of purpose, see an old ruined tennis ball? Turns out you can recycle that for material that can later be used in the fabricator to make yourself a medkit, or bullets, or mods to make your character stronger or suit better. Nothing in Prey is useless, that's a big weak spot in a lot of crafting systems, having to pick and choose what you pick up because you have no idea what to pay attention to - in Prey you grab everything, it will be useful.Gameplay itself feels very polished as well, and doesn't really limit you depending on what type of gamer you are or what kind of playthrough you're after. If you want to run through the game fully human and stealth based, the likelihood of you incurring penalties because of this decision is very minimal. I haven't tried it myself, but I'm pretty sure you can clear the entire game without having to kill more than a small handful of mobs. Contrarily, you can slaughter everything you come across and build yourself to be a combat machine and you'll never be let down if you keep your upgrades true to your playstyle. Stealth, tactical, combat focused, whatever style you pick will be rewarded by some pretty great systems.Is it fun? Absolutely, Prey is the first 'scary' game I've finished in spite of how many times in made me jump and♥♥♥♥♥♥myself. Typhon enemies seem thought out and placed well with decent enough AI to be less than predictable in most cases. Secondary content was bountiful as well, often finding myself on side quests and reading emails about nerf gun fights and a Dungeons and Dragons campaign while the story took a brief back seat. Any game that can make you play it for more than just the story is always a good game in my book.Soundtrack and Sound Design:This is what really drove Prey home for me. Sound design was damn near incredible with a multi-speaker setup you really felt like you were in the world hearing things off in the distance, explosions, enemies whispering cryptic things into your ears, it's all just perfectly well done. Soundtrack was very simple but brilliant, you'll hear a lot of themed music throughout your playthrough but it never really gets old or feels stale. Prey has one of the best intro sequences of any game I've ever played in terms of soundtrack, horror genre or no that's a big thing to nail right out of the gate. Prey sets you up on this grand adventure with such a big scale and the progression and theming of the music really does a great job narrating what's  coming for you.Closing:I don't typically play games in this genre (horror/scary/etc) but Prey has been an astoundingly well put together experience that surpasses genre. I'd recommend Prey to just about any type of gamer I know and that's something I fairly rarely do. It mixes a really fun and challenging adventure that allows you to pave your own way through it, with enough content to keep you busy for at least 14 hours or so. I'd say this is $60 well spent for anyone looking for an adventure with a full experience encompassing everything from tight combat to a crazy good soundtrack. Prey is a must play, and a strong contender for one of the best PC games of the 2,000's."
76561198082007638,Recommended,480490,31692589,Posted: 11 May,all,Mitnicm,Honestly a great game...don't listen to the IGN review the bug has been patched.
76561197990792908,Recommended,480490,31905164,Posted: 22 May,all,Orumph,"Yes! Finally, a true old school shooter.Very reminicent beginning from the orignal Half-Life. Not the sme, but reminded me of it.You could call it a slight rip off, but how else would you get things started. It works, not annoying.Game play is smooth as butter and fun.If you were missing old style FPS shooters like Half-Life, System-Shock and Dues Ex?This game is a must play.If you don't get it now, do not miss out on a sale, it's worth it.There are some minor bugs, but I have been palying the hell out of it and not a single crash.Windows 10i7GTX680 - Latest DriversDefault settings for whatever the game starts me off with and it looks great."
76561197970290413,Recommended,480490,31902226,Posted: 22 May,all,Vladamier,"I really wasnt sure about this one.... I'm not a huge fan of horror games, nor am I a huge fan of the modern pure shooters and I definitely wasn't a fan of the original Prey title.That being said, I was a massive fan of the old school exploration shooter/RPG hybrid games that everyone mentions in the reviews of this game. I can tell you emphatically that everyone is correct in telling you that this takes all of the good things from Half-Life, the System Shock titles, and the original Deus Ex and lets you relive those glory days in a new engine and with a good coat of polish. The mechnics are deeper than what you got in the bioshock games, and not as stealth focused as what you would see in a dishonored title.... but that isnt a bad thing.It is not the prettiest shooter out there, and a lot of the conventions it uses are admittedly old school.... but to me there was something special about being handed a wrench and being told ""things have gone poorly, how about you go figure it out"".The UI is good, the crafting is solid, the skill trees are rewarding and allow for many varied play styles. The combat is not as bad as everyone makes it out to be, sure, this is not call of duty..... but your character is no soldier, and the weapons you get are not so much military as they are basic security and whatever concoctions the space nerds formerly inhabiting the station would have been able to cook up.I'm loving it, and in fact I cannot remember a game that I've bought and immediately dumped this much time into for quite some time. I would encourage anyone looking at this to pick it up to take time to explore beyond the quest markers and to read into the various notes and e-mails you find around the station on the way through. This is not a game you should simply run through from A to B.... savor it, enjoy it, and hope that by buying this you have encouraged the developers to make more games like this!!"
,Recommended,480490,31904969,Posted: 22 May,all,Lauski,"Where to begin? Wow. One of the best games I've played in a while!So to start, I set this game on hard (difficulty 3 out of 4) and made it through the whole game. Some fights took multiple reloads, and I sometimes thought about turning it down a notch-- but I made it no problem. Why are some people on the normal difficulty (2 out of 4) saying this game is too hard you might wonder. It has to do with properly understanding the way this game works, and so begin my take-aways...This is the kind of game where in order to be successful, you will have to pick up every useful thing you can find, and many non-useful objects that can be recycled (into ammo, health packs, etc. via the games simple crafting system). If you do not do this and expect to ""lol-pew-pew"" your way through everything like in Doom, you will sorely disappointed.You will have to make smart use of the stuff you find, and remember blocked doors, barriers and locks you could not get around earlier in the game-- then back track when you've upgraded a necessary skill to be able to get past them. (IE: ""Metroid-Vania"" / Deus Ex). At any time, you have the freedom to go anywhere the station, inside or out (until endgame) to try to find new goodies.The fights are fun, the skills are plentiful for many different styles of play and the story gets sprinkled in just the right ways while you play (audio logs, live chats), and even gets modified by your decisions for what I thought was a unique spin to your typical sci-fi story in the end.You just have to remember my first two points: Pick stuff up, remember to backtrack when you've upgraded your skills. This will give you an adequate arsenal to be successful in this game. There are also smarter (more efficient) uses of ammo for killing the various foes you will face instead of just holding down the fire button on your favorite gun!In about 30 hours of play on hard, I managed to unlock about 80% of all the possible mods, and think I left approx 10% of the sidequests unresolved. I spent a good bit of time just exploring around all the nooks and crannies to fish out goodies. I think this game is the PERFECT balance of length and game play. It's just right. There's a strong need to explore and collect stuff, but you're only doing it so you can progress past the different enemies and parts of the game. It never gets silly like you see in some games where you pointlessly collect 5 of this and 10 of that. You NEED these things and that's your motivation. Brilliant.I ran into (1) corrupted save during my play through, and just (2) crashes. Ran awesome in all spots except reactor area on a GTX1060. I think the between area loads and having to run around for sidequests got a little grindy in the end, but that's it. I'll be playing this again and recommending it to everyone."
76561198111152105,Recommended,480490,31901980,Posted: 22 May,all,gubin210,Strongly recommend playing this game.There is:ExplorationFun gameplayCreative puzzle solvingDiverse EnemiesGreat StoryMultiple EndingsSPACEEEEE!!!10 / 10 Will play again!
,Recommended,480490,31903015,Posted: 22 May,all,neoadorable,"Recommended for interesting mechanics and combat, good story, cool ending, Benedict Wong, and a couple of nods to the 2006 Prey original - like ""Sphere Logistics"" being on of the first things you see. The premise is excellent, and it's very compelling despite many shortcomings: convoluted mission pathfinding (better just deactivate the markers and use the map manually), glitches (for me it was essential weapons disappearing from my inventory while moving to a new area), and what I consider too high difficulty (easy here is hard in the Dishonored games). Being a tough game isn't really a problem, but it will test you patience and there were moments I thought about giving up. For the story, ending, super voice acting, and memorable location (Talos I) - I believe it was worth it."
,Recommended,480490,31898346,Posted: 22 May,all,Thr33Swords,"Good game. Runs beautifully and the story was interesting and engaging. Gameplay definitely reminds you of Bioshock, System Shock and Deus Ex. Overall, really enjoyed the experience."
,Recommended,480490,32893039,Posted: 27 June,all,GS Killerkram,"Very good game, amazing sound design, immersive atmosphere, thought provoking story. There are also a lot of problems that can be solved in all sorts of creative ways. If you cant get something, think  outside the box, there is always a way if you think about it. More games need to be like this."
76561198131952091,Recommended,480490,33400067,Posted: 9 July,all,Hornet,This is an abolutely outstanding sci-fi story.
,Recommended,480490,33503206,Posted: 13 July,all,Tiny Turtle,"The combat feels awful to me, but the themes, story, characters and ambiance more than make up for it. Thoroughly enjoyed playing it!"
,Recommended,480490,33491253,Posted: 12 July,all,Pinhead Larry,"I got it on sale but I would gladly play full price. The game is absolutely amazing. If you want a cross between Bioshock, System Shock, Dishonored, and some Metroidvania elements, then play this game. Even then, I would suggest it if you're even interested. Runs really well too, and it's super fun."
,Recommended,480490,33530323,Posted: 14 July,all,eelijah,"it seems like most of the negative reviews of this game on here are complaining mostly about the gunplay. sure, it's not fantastic, but that's also not really the point of the game. the developers intended it to be a spiritual successor to system shock 2, and by god it is, right down to the inventory management system. if you are a fan of the golden years of survival FPS (*real* survival, not this early access BS that is popular with twitch streamers these days) then this is a must play, even at full price."
76561198028146146,Recommended,480490,33589101,Posted: 16 July,all,Firstblood,"If you liked Bioshock you'll probably love this game. Sci-fi story, immersive music, unique combat mechanics, and a well-designed environment. Many games have some of the above but not all like Prey :)"
76561197970668950,Recommended,480490,33589373,Posted: 16 July,all,SPONGE,Deserving of its good reviews- Good visuals & no frame rate or crash issues for me- Decent gameplay with a fair number of side quests (36 hours played & i didnt do them all). Imagine if Half life 1 &bioshock had a child this would be possibly be it. Play it on hard though tbh as its not difficult.- Story with a number of moral choices that will give you different ending options8/10
,Recommended,480490,33586369,Posted: 16 July,all,[BZ] FLIPmky,"If you are a fan of the recent Deus Ex and Dishonored games Prey is for you. Most importantly for me, Prey does a fantastic job of recreating a modern day System Shock 2. The environments and atmosphere recreate the experience of System Shock 2 fanatsically well. A tense atmosphere is created without cheap jumpscares and a feeling of depth is created with great attention to detail over NPC backstories and interatctions. Would recommend."
76561198052223743,Recommended,480490,33601580,Posted: 16 July,all,Archon0003,"If you have not played System Shock 2, then this game may be a very good experience. Perhaps even an excellent experience. However, if you have played System Shock 2, then this game will either be good... or not so much.It borrows almost too much inspiration from SS2, to a point where it (Prey) almost feels uninspired and dare I say ""unoriginal"". It's doing things SS2 did (with a few added, granted) with a nice new look and slightly different setting.Perhaps it is unfair of me to base my opinion on a comparison with a much older game. Still, if you've played SS2 then you might know what I mean. You're either going to love it for that exact reason, or end up like me thinking it's pretty dull in comparison.That said, I can still recommend it."
76561198031039286,Recommended,480490,33580476,Posted: 16 July,all,dr_klok,"One of the best written games I've played in a while.  If you get the cool ending you'll see why.  Definitely worth a playthrough.  It's nothing revolutionary in terms of game play, but it's a solid model that is fun.  I'd strongly recommend it to anyone looking for something new to try out as an enjoyable FPS/puzzle/resource management game.  One of my favorite features is that they don't need to sell it as a ""play your own way"" but it really is.  You can achieve things so many different ways it's crazy and there's literally tons of different ways to solve puzzles.  You could technically play the game through with a totally different power set and find yourself struggling to overcome the same obstacles you already overcame because it might not be obvious to you.  I remember once I got stuck on one thing, So I went to watch a youtube tutorial and the guy showed 4 different ways to complete only one of the hundreds of little puzzles there are, and that may or may not have been all of them, including one run where he had no upgrades at all.  Intense right?"
76561197999399322,Recommended,480490,33574924,Posted: 15 July,all,sisyus,"Took me a little over 30 hours to finish the game and I haven't completed all the side quests.   Game is doing a good job at pulling you into its world.  I love how the upgrade path you decide on has a major impact over how combat works out. Side quests are great, no boring meaningless side quests, in addition to item rewards you end up getting rewarded by uncovering good story elements.  In my case I ended up sucked into exploring the whole station which was well worth it.  There definerly is a high potential of replayibility considering the impact tier tree's impact on both story and how combat plays out. As the difficulty goes up tinkering around becomes more important (Pre-combat preperation, playing around with turrets etc which increases the survival feel of the game) Overall I can tell you that this was the best game I played for the past 2 years. 10/10  Would stab myself in the eye with tripple needles again !"
,Recommended,480490,33594381,Posted: 16 July,all,☭✡Freshnegros neveramieverlucky✡,Good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,480490,33539847,Posted: 14 July,all,Wayfall,"Runs and plays fine, a good singleplayer casual rpg game.Maxed 1440p Gysnc 100-144fps with a GTX 1080 and a i7 6800K.I just wish they had used Cry Engine for Dishonored 2 as then it would run as smooth as this game does."
76561198093341202,Recommended,480490,33528732,Posted: 13 July,all,GamerSky10,"Holy ballsacks does this game scream bioshock, though I personally have never played the games (but soon will) I can't get enough of the feeling of dread I get from playing this game.For one the story is fantastic, people who say it's bland or boring obviously don't know anything about good stories or have seen similar ones like this many times and have gotten bored with it. Side quests are interesting and definitely worth doing sometimes as there are boatloads of loot or more neuromods to grab.Combat is some of the most fun and solid gameplay I've ever seen. Some people might find it hard but the game wants you to use ABSOLUTELY EVERYTHING AT YOUR DISPOSAL. That means abilities, weapons, recycler charges, you name it you should use it.(except maybe the boltcaster) I myself prefer things like psychoshock and the takeover abilities as they can give you brief respite from combat with single enemies or disable a telepath. But I can see problems arising if you do a human only tree playthrough, but that's for completionists. The enemies are diverse and their A.I is on par. A few bad things though:1. Nightmare can't get into human sized doorways and hallways making him not very threatening and kind of a bother because you can just duck into an office and hide under a desk for 3 minutes.2. Way to many Psi Hypos, they're all over the damn place I have like 20+ and I'm doing a lot of typhon abilities you're never short on hypos if you search closets.3. Turrets are broken before they can shoot me, the typhons are shot by the turrets yes, and the typhons hit and kill the turrets but for someone who has a lot of typhon abilities and is supposed to be threatened, I will say I've never been threatened by them as far as I've gotten. If the repair drones would repair the turrets I think it'd a little more balanced.4. The boltcaster is completely useless except for stealth builds, honestly if you could make incendiary ammo, or shock darts it would be a lot more useful, but instead it's a toy gun with noisy darts (noise range sucks btw).5. Mimics become shock troops after the first few hours of gameplay, the ability to see them while they are transformed is a little op and makes them basically canon fodder for the rest of the game, I ended just smacking them all with my trusty wrench so I didn't waste ammo, making them things that just sapped my health a bit every once in a while.Other than these few flaws the combat actually makes you feel like you are threatened at every turn, the game is not at all meant to be easy. And running is a valid option, I'm proud to have bravely run away.Crafting is what it needs to be, something you can use to give yourself more items. The only problems are that there is to much junk on this station, it's crazy how much crap they have lying around, and that there is no autostack. I've constantly had to go into my invetory, autosort pick up an item, autosort, pick up an item... This gets annoying really quickly and a huge time waster, probably the biggest problem in the game.The ability tree is good but one thing is that you only get one psi ability on the human ability trees, and that's combat focus. I won't deny that it isn't useful, but it onlys slows time and buffs you, it's not exactly helpful all the time. This makes the typhon trees lookm a lot more tempting as the human tree is more defensive than offensive power, I gues it would depend on how you want to build but I think it's a little unbalanced.The soundtrack is really good, the tension rises, the creep factor goes through the roof, it's great ambience for this kind of game and definitely puts you on edge at times.The graphics are good, no problems whatsoever.Overall this game is a very well done bioshockesque game that easily can keep me interested and always wanting to know what lurks behind the next door and what secrets I might discover on that computer in the corner. The combat is engaging and thrilling, you have to keep your guard up or you're going to die, A LOT. For someone who's new to these kind of survival horrors I highly recommend this game at full price despite it having a few flaws. Arkane really did well with this game and I wish to see more great games from them."
76561198015098329,Recommended,480490,33559433,Posted: 15 July,all,Cheekyfella,Played this game from start to finish - which is very rare for me.Highly recommended.Had an absolute blast........
76561198072315326,Recommended,480490,31593736,Posted: 6 May,all,Pheonix927,"Amazing gmae, the perfect balance of horror and action"
,Recommended,480490,31591921,Posted: 6 May,all,=7Cav=COL.Treck.M,"Very entertaining game. I hope it receives the credit it deserves. I had my doubts from Dishonered 2's PC version, however they've done a great job with the port here."
,Recommended,480490,31592912,Posted: 6 May,all,a sick guy with cool qualities,pretty sweet system/bio shock genre game
,Recommended,480490,31590530,Posted: 6 May,all,nytroxsis,"Bioshock in space.Great Optimization.Also, cups attack you.super spoops"
76561198067203752,Recommended,480490,31605020,Posted: 7 May,all,Mr Poppitt,"Fantastic game! And excellently optimised! What more could you ask for, definitely worth the asking price, best AAA game of the year so far!"
76561198162125807,Recommended,480490,31605407,Posted: 7 May,all,CHANKS42,"wow this game is so worth buying, honestly ITS AMAZING,first its absolutly gorgeoussecond story is really interestingthird the gamplay is a sort of sneak half life 2 but 3 times the fun.worth 60 or more"
,Recommended,480490,31605462,Posted: 7 May,all,macjustin07,Finally a tripple A title delivers.
76561198245970066,Recommended,480490,31607531,Posted: 7 May,all,vair250,been playing for 21h and it a great game . you never know whats around the corner :)
76561198142227315,Recommended,480490,31607565,Posted: 7 May,all,Joonasu,Bioshock in space.9/10
,Recommended,480490,31605562,Posted: 7 May,all,Yehnli,"A very good game if you like exploration.A very good game if you like using your brain to fight enemies, instead of going head to head. Even on the lower difficulty settings, enemies can be difficult to take on in a straight fight -- use tactics, the environment, and so on.Looks gorgeous, runs nicely. Very creepy."
,Recommended,480490,31603033,Posted: 7 May,all,SwedetasticGames Official,"Beautiful, better than the average Bethesda port, interesting story, soooo many choices, fun gameplay, only one or two sections in the game where you go ""well da♥♥♥♥ am I meant to do?"" because the objective markers don't work, pretty damn stable, loads of meaningful optional stuff, nice mind♥♥♥♥s, some decently creepy moments, only one area that lags to♥♥♥♥♥♥(prolly because badly optimized, guessing new graphics drivers and maybe a stability update will fix) and HELLA challenging, even on Normal. I strongly suggest you check this game out.Overall, a soled 7.9/10. Oh and the soundtrack is fantastic."
,Recommended,480490,31585330,Posted: 6 May,all,Living Stone,10/10
,Recommended,480490,31585617,Posted: 6 May,all,Apple Crack,"If you like bioshock 2 and dIshonored, you will love this game. Oh yea, its very well optimized"
,Recommended,480490,31584862,Posted: 6 May,all,Dangerous_Dan,"4 hours in and its really enjoyable. just the right amount of horror. it does remmind me of bioshock in the way it looks and feels, crossed with dead space/ alien isolationn and fear. stable frame rates running 1440p on a gtx 1080 and 6700k everything maaxed and getting 120fps solid.the devs must of worked hard and you can tell, its nice to have a new release pc game that runs!!!in shorter words well done, its a masterpiece! well worth a buy"
,Recommended,480490,31586141,Posted: 6 May,all,Gyaku Kanashimi,"""We all make choices, but in the end our choices make us""and smack everything you see with the wrench...not everything is what it seems...welcome to New Rapture...feels like the first time... in there..."
,Recommended,480490,31586173,Posted: 6 May,all,JumpinJacks,"I love this game! The open ""world"" aspect is amazing! The story is fantastic! If you're creative this game is for you, with all the different ways of completing the objectives. I have a long written list of all the cool things I need to do and go get. You are always looking for something. The enemies are fun to fight. This game is not as much a horror game as Outlast 2, but it sure gave a fright! If you're looking for a game (or if you're not) buy this game!"
76561197967251101,Recommended,480490,31582574,Posted: 6 May,all,Molay,"This feels like a wonderful blend between Bioshock and Dishonored - sneaking, exploring, cool powers, mysterious setting and some seriously cool enemies to fight. Not just that, I feel totally immersed. Just pop a diazepam and enter the world of Prey, it will feel like you're flying."
,Recommended,480490,31584887,Posted: 6 May,all,Killop414,After 5 hours in the game i can say its a fun but hard at points to down right near impossible i would give it a 7/10.Gun play is a let down none of the weapons feel as if the have any real feel to them (hard to say exactly why) and not enouth enemy types so far.But it does look wonderfull even on low graphic setting runs very well even on my older pc whats rare to find now days.The neuromods are a interesteing take of the rpg mechanic in the game reminds me of boishock in a lot of ways.I have experience 11 crashes i have had with in the first 5 hours. I cant say if its just my set up or some bug when dowloading. But this in unacceptable and i would return it if i didnt go over the max hours or if i would give it lower then a 7/10.
76561198070735090,Recommended,480490,31562446,Posted: 5 May,all,JesseFresh,"Prey is a great game so far, and its the first time in a while that I haven't felt like I just threw $60 down the toilet. Its also running surprisingly well, thankfully. Considering the state of most PC games at launch nowadays, I was expecting a stuttering mess with at least occassional crashes, and to have to wait on several patches before I could actually enjoy what I paid for, but what I got instead was a well-optimized, crash-free, genuinely fun, finished game. I have to commend Arkane for not repeating past screw ups (Dishonored 2 cough). As far as technical sh!t goes, I am running an i7-4790K, GTX 980 Ti Classified, 16GB DDR3 2133MHz, and a Samsung 850 Pro SSD. I have my GPU set to not run any faster than 80FPS in any game, and while playing at 1440P/Ultra settings, my framerate stays at a very consistent 80FPS, with GPU usage staying between 70-90%. Graphics are almost identical to Dishonored 2: they're not bad but they wont win any awards."
76561197969379991,Recommended,480490,31590322,Posted: 6 May,all,Grandmaster of Pwn,"As has been stated: very nice mix of system shock and deus ex. both pretty much one of my favorite games, and this is very enjoyable. also very playable on my older system. its fun to explore the space station and find items and customize etc."
76561197993266879,Recommended,480490,31567002,Posted: 5 May,all,THE DUTCHMAN,"Prey made me experience the same feelings that I had when playing the original Half-Life. The crafting and neuromod (skills) system feel very natural and similar systems in other games do not turn you into a one man army -- even on the Normal difficulty I find myself dying every now and then.- I can't say much about the story line as it's pretty standard (so far), but it's not what makes Prey such an enjoyable experience. It's one of the few games that gives you that sense of discovery, when you don't blindly rush from point A to point B, but instead look in every corner for secrets, passwords, books, notes etc, when you take your portalble turret with you wherever you go, just because its beeping makes you feel safer.- The graphics are ok. The textures could have been a bit sharper, though.- The sound is the only thing that I don't like about this game. The music and certain sound effects are simply way too loud while the other part of them can barely be heard.I'd say Prey is an 8.5 out of 10 game and a must-play for every system shock, HL1 or deus ex fan."
76561198022460150,Recommended,480490,31573588,Posted: 5 May,all,Heavy Soul,Beat it around 15 hours. Fantastic game! Going back to see the other endings. A must play.
,Recommended,480490,31572532,Posted: 5 May,all,Caped Baldy,"Epic game, very great vibe, love the design of the station, game is very immersive.It's a shame we didnt get to experience the original Prey 2, but this is good regardless.The dishonoured team shines again."
76561197966573552,Recommended,480490,31573399,Posted: 5 May,all,Spock RC,+ Runs smooth on 980 Ti+ Excellent leanning mechanics+ Ambient music fits space theme+ Computer interacation similar to Doom 3+ Enimies kill you real quick+ Feels like a proper Looking Glass game- Minor FPS drops- Weapon swap feels broken
76561198060440699,Recommended,480490,31573387,Posted: 5 May,all,Chylomicron,10/10.
76561198019384338,Recommended,480490,31573310,Posted: 5 May,all,Mila,"One of the best Single Player titles I`ve played the last few years. It blends elements from System Shock and the dumbed down Bioshock and makes it own spin on it. PC performance has been fixed and runs silky smooth (running with 1070, 6700k, 16gb)The game is proper hard on the harder difficulties, much harder than Bioshock and the like, and makes you think creatively, either using your environment or your arsenal to overcome your obstacles. There is proper enemy variety which all have their own strength and weaknesses. Compared to other Immersive Sim games, the game offers a much larger world and replayability.In my opinion there is no clear weakness about the game, other than when dying you`d respawn in a device resembling either the Vita Chamber (Bioshock) or the Reconstruction Machine (System Shock), which is strange that they didn`t include their own version since Prey heavily takes elements from these games and it makes me wonder.On the other side, the game has it own identity and feel, offering a great atmosphere, and while the score is a mix between upbeat and dark synth, sometimes it`s out of place, and while it`s good I`d like more instances of music, since it`s often quiet and won`t trigger outside of objectives and battles.I wouldn`t call these drawbacks per se and rather just strange exmaples game design, but it isn`t enough to keep me away. This game is a solid 10 in its own rights, and compared to recent Immersive Sim games the best.Heavliy reccomended."
,Recommended,480490,31570423,Posted: 5 May,all,Gorthezar,I am delightfully surprised with how good this game has been with my currently short played time. Also this game has succeeded in scaring the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me constantly.
76561198160365739,Recommended,480490,31570442,Posted: 5 May,all,=KSK-Cpt.Phantom,"The story's good, the freedom in Talos 1, the weapons, the multipule or more choices..... The game's good, but sometimes I just used all of my ammo, and been killed by the same black thing, again and again...What I think that this game is the best game bethesta had created..8 points out of 10"
,Recommended,480490,31570403,Posted: 5 May,all,Mr. Brightside,DOOM Cured my erectile dysfunction as I was rock hard the entire time I played.This game gave my boner and boner15/11 IGN Would suspect chair was a mimic again
76561198056836165,Recommended,480490,31567722,Posted: 5 May,all,Elflako,"Office wreking simulator 2017, very good game."
,Recommended,480490,31571448,Posted: 5 May,all,froppy,"This game is interesting, fun, addictive and an overall great time. A nice blend of Bioshock and Half Life! BTW the optimization is really good, way better than Arkane's last title Dishonored 2.-9/10"
76561198016435501,Recommended,480490,31571266,Posted: 5 May,all,Daeze,"I am loving this game so far.  It reminds me of the Bioshock and System Shock series.  I love the exploration, crafting, and combat.  I really like how you can progress through the game at your own pace as there are a lot of areas you can explore before continuing with the main quest.  Everything is inter-connected and you can unlock shortcuts between areas.  I'll update my review as I play, as I still have a long way to go."
76561198047557357,Recommended,480490,31570624,Posted: 5 May,all,(☢)Sheep(♧)™,Amazing and addicting game!!
,Recommended,480490,31570696,Posted: 5 May,all,d0gMa_uk,"Played for a few hours, ive hardly done any story as Ive just been exploring. It definitely has the spirit of bioshock to it, but with a greater depth to the inventory just like deus ex human revolution. Even though you get the story early on, I wont spoil it for you but Ill say that its bioshock but not under water and not in the air - wether Ill be bored of the location after several hours, I dont know.The thing I like about this game is that you can tell the developer cares and actually tested their game.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Pros+ They don't put invisible walls about ""you see that really high roof? yeah you can go up there if you want, there may not be anything up their but we wont strop you if you want to do some crazy a ss parkour""+ The mimic enemies are cleverly designed, you could end up fighting mimics for hours and they wouldn;t get as repepetive as other games where you get bored by the time youve shot ""generic badguy 6"" a million times+ I messed up a quicksave.... quicksaves dont overwrite!!! i managed to go back before I messed up! nice detail.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Cons- Im playing on normal and I dont use medikits, you can just spam eat bananas and canned food.... makes one or the other seem redundant, remove the food and supply a few more medkits maybe? maybe small medium and large?------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Meh:> Why is crouch C key? I have not once used a sprint slide yet to justify it being the c key> Weapon upgrades are pretty generic ""increase fire rate increase damage, reduce reload times""> If removing the chips from your brain causes memory loss then how come you can go into your inventory and do this to no ill effect - slightly story breaking.> Why cant the gloo gun projectiles stick to each other??? Id really like to block doorways and passages like NPCs have done in the game - why cant I do it too?"
76561198031560299,Recommended,480490,31570721,Posted: 5 May,all,shawz0311,Best game of the year so far!
,Recommended,480490,31559242,Posted: 5 May,all,LyallSC,"Just got this game, stayed up all night playing it, now at work completely exhausted, worth it, and I absolutely love it!"
76561198007301844,Recommended,480490,31559452,Posted: 5 May,all,Thanatopsis,"So far so good. The opening premise reminds me of Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥ Total Recall, A Scanner Darkly, or the better short story version of Paycheck. I don't know yet how the plot pans out, but it is off to a good start.The first few hours of the game remind of System Shock, Bioshock, Alien: Isolation, Half-Life and Deus Ex.RPG aspects of crafting supplies and repairing your suit can seem like a tedious chore, but it is more manageable than a lot of games. It is a little slow at the start, but so was Alien: Isolation, and that turned out to be great."
,Recommended,480490,31554258,Posted: 5 May,all,Muerto,"So far, so good.It reminds me a lot of System Shock and the 1st Bioshock.So far, this feels more like the original Bioshock than Infinite. I wonder how many people are going to lose their♥♥♥♥♥♥upon reading that.Never have I been so terrefied of coffee mugs and umbrella stands.That being said, with my first 3 hours, it has been a solid survival-horror thing of a game. It plays really well. So far, the only thing I find annoying is using computers/terminals. I wish they had their own cursor. But I understand why they have the character move his head while using said computers, to stay aware of his surrondigs."
,Recommended,480490,31553825,Posted: 4 May,all,Hubster,I am enjoying the game so far. I hit everything with my wrench to make sure it isn't a mimic. I have the urge to also do so in real life now.
76561197970773934,Recommended,480490,31554000,Posted: 4 May,all,Aeder,Prop Hunt : Jumpscare modeSpent the entire game high as ♥♥♥♥ from all this glue.
76561198032457243,Recommended,480490,31553916,Posted: 4 May,all,GreatShadamehr,Keeps you on the edge of your seat wanting more! Very fun game. I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoyed Bioshock series. Gorgeous looking game.
76561198015250974,Recommended,480490,31553347,Posted: 4 May,all,Sliven,"Game feels amazing from the first minute, very deep, highly recommend."
76561198025972794,Recommended,480490,31554034,Posted: 4 May,all,classicjarhead,"Fun game, i can definatly see people speed running this since it is an interconnected hub world-environment. Running smooth at 60fps at 1440p, my ONLY concern with this game so far is the audio. So imagine being between a corridor and a room IN that corridor hallway, if my character is halfway in the hallway and that room standing still the audio tries to change from hallway into new room but it just sounds rough...and god forbid if you do this while enemies are near, the constant screeching of noise as enemies are nearby while im admiring my inbetweenes of hallway and ♥♥♥♥ing room..."
,Recommended,480490,31553961,Posted: 4 May,all,vla:D,"Only 2 hours in, but I cannot wait to play more. The level design is brilliant, and finding different ways to get to desired locations is a lot of fun. I've already jumped a few times in my seat from mimics, but it's all part of the experience. Hopefully I can write a full review soon once I've played a lot more or beaten the game. So far, the game is definitely living up to all the hype!!"
,Recommended,480490,31553897,Posted: 4 May,all,mcborge,"It's Bio,System,Dead,Space,Shock ...And it works on day one ...And it doesn't need a day one patch.I'm getting a solid 60fps @ 1080p with v-sync on and maximum settings.Running on an FX8350, GTX 1070 oc strix, 16gb ram ddr3 1866.10/10. So far a really good game."
76561198016861078,Recommended,480490,31554374,Posted: 5 May,all,The Yellow Admiral,Runs smoothly. Stunning opening. Want to play more.
,Recommended,480490,31561183,Posted: 5 May,all,Scorpion [offline for a year],"The world is like bioshock but, in the space.The gameplay is a mix between deus ex,system shock and dishonored.The optizamzation great.The story is a little bit like half life.The music is relaxing and action like, depending on the situation you are in.The game is well balanced between harder  and easier difficulties.The game is not really a horror game but, the world around you never gives you a chance to feel safe.Overall game's great 9/10"
76561197968271221,Recommended,480490,31553351,Posted: 4 May,all,Blackhawk,It's not Prey 2 but it'll definitely do.
76561198071636582,Recommended,480490,31553668,Posted: 4 May,all,pnt,Working fine on nvidia gtx 965M (notebook) in very high details 1080p. The game itself seems to be really fine.
,Recommended,480490,31553835,Posted: 4 May,all,LopeyKneeGrow,"What a pleasant surprise, a GREAT PC port! This is a really interesting title, it has an amazing soundtrack, great atmosphere, and an engaging story."
,Recommended,480490,31557262,Posted: 5 May,all,Hawk,"well, I really enjoy this game. runs very smoothly at a constant 60fps on very high settings even when you toss 50 or so items into the same corner, which other games have started to get bogged down like that."
76561198121994986,Recommended,480490,31650307,Posted: 9 May,all,*Ableton Live,game is awesome
76561198057647474,Recommended,480490,31648618,Posted: 9 May,all,Tetsubo,It's been a long time since I've played a shooter I loved this much.
76561198080438366,Recommended,480490,31648847,Posted: 9 May,all,Impio,Feels like Half-life. Awesome sci-fi thriller. GOTY. Love it.
76561198047106929,Recommended,480490,31668358,Posted: 10 May,all,Scylado,"Really good game, didn't really scare me though I think that was more due to the enemy varity however, and because most of the nightmare encounters I had were a lil buggy(I was always able to kill it due to the fact they were always stuck infront of doors or standing frozen next to entrances). Overall though the game was amazing, didn't expect it to be that difficult(Probably just me not used to games like this)."
,Recommended,480490,31656858,Posted: 9 May,all,Nyancide,"I never played the original Prey, so I won't be comparing it to that.This game is a lot of fun and I've finished it twice so far, and now I'm back to my original, almost end, save to hunt for more quests and achievements.Pros:Really good graphics.Lots of background info and bits to the story throughout the station.Good skill trees.The Typhon look really cool.Lots to do around the station.Map changes as the game goes on.The Nightmare makes you think if you should really get the Typhon Neuromods.LOTS of hidden stuff.Recycler grenades.Lots of different ending variations.Cons:Most of the Typhon are variants of similar things. (Example: Thermal Phantom, Ethric Phantom, Voltaic Phantom.)Finding stuff on the exterior. (Example: God damn Kaspar, a certain man who is outside)Gameplay is pretty much the same. Shoot stuff with your shotgun or run away.Soundtrack is eh.Ending cinematic doesn't seem full 60fps, more like 30fps, and in my opinion its very noticable.Telepaths are the most annoying thing.Cystoids are aggravating and nothing else. They don't drop anything.Interesting things:Remember the song playing on the radio when you first wake up.Stacking boxes and turning into a cup to roll through a window instead of hacking the door or finding the keykard is very viable.Shotgun everything other than operators. Don't be scared,Prey (see what I did there) that you don't have Kaspar spawn on the outside of Talos I.You can find a stun gun really close to when you find the GLOO gun.There is a golden pistol you can get.Decisions matter.I never found the man on the outside of Talos I.You can go to the shuttle floating outside.Get Leverage III and Mimic Matter and you'll be set for the rest of the game.Btw totally predicted the ending. Still good though."
,Recommended,480490,31664789,Posted: 10 May,all,✘Seraph-Fukღ,♥♥♥♥ nightmare
76561198045456517,Recommended,480490,31586349,Posted: 6 May,all,ItsJesterhead,"Haven't finished the game but I am in love with it. It scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me from the mimics being annoying ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that become any small objects to the phantoms wanting to kill me. Playing first playthrough on Hard so I expect to die a lot, but the game offer multiple ways to overcome your enemies. The game feels fresh for a singleplayer FPS like Doom was last year. I highly recommend getting this game as soon as you can.edit: My only con for this game is some small frame dips is a handful of places, a few bugs like killing phantoms through walls(lol) or one time i went through a roof to go to the room above me though it happened only once. But, (this is minor spoiler) in the power plant room, the game go way below 60 fps like sub 20 or even below that every time i look at the main reactor in the room. Even when my settings are all low, this still occurs and my laptop can run the game fine at the preset settings for medium. This only occurs in that room and i visited every room in Talos 1 so i hope the devs are aware and get it fix asap. I'd still recommend getting the game and for those that have better pcs than me hopefully won't run into the power plant frame rate problem."
76561198057334156,Recommended,480490,31665155,Posted: 10 May,all,DwaKilo,It has been a long time since I enjoyed so much a single player game. It reminds me of the 'old good days' where you had to look around to get where you suppose to go. It’s not like the other games they do these days where someone holds you by your hand and shows you exactly where and how you suppose to go. In essence it makes you appreciate the environment and all the details the creators put into this game. Definitely worth 10 out of 10… BUT there is a BIG problem.PROBLEM – there is a known issue where the game crashes and the save files become corrupted. 33 hours of gameplay and I’m looking into starting from the scratch…Still bloody good game. Can't wait for them to fix the PC version.
,Recommended,480490,31564249,Posted: 5 May,all,Sime,"Not scary, more like a walk in the park.Even on the highest difficulty, the enemy ai barely poses any threat,But the story is pretty interesting, which makes up for the drawback."
,Recommended,480490,31633778,Posted: 8 May,all,Twitch,"If you like games like BioShock, or classics like System Shock 2, you'll enjoy this game. It is not perfect, but it is fun, it looks good, it has good scare moments, and it has a fun RPG system that lets you make choices / tailor your play. I'm loving my playthrough now, and I'm already looking forward to my next playthrough on the hardest difficulty! 8.5/10 so far, would recommend 100%."
,Recommended,480490,31635309,Posted: 8 May,all,Jokernight,"This game is pure awesomeness. A very good combination of key elements from different games like Deus Ex, Bioshock and Dead Space. A Beautiful Game Design and some fun 20-30 hours!"
,Recommended,480490,31635433,Posted: 8 May,all,Atlas,"I am not the best at writing reviews so this is just really my thoughts on the game not an in depth review ill just be giving my opinion on the content of the game---Pros----Stable FPS all the way through the game (I5, GTX 960 4GB)-Graphics keep the player immeresed and are not bad at all-In my opinion the story to the game is good and I came into the game completely blind so it enhanced my experience               quite a bit ( I did not see any spoilers)-Comabt is very good however some points in the game the toughness of the aliens (such as the telepath or technopath) can force you to waste very valluable ammo that in my opinion should be quicker fights-Lots of side quests-Very immersive-Aliens have a nice variaty and are well designed-You can flush a controller down a toilet (ty Mack)-Gabe is in the game---Cons----Some combat ""mini bosses"" have unnessacry health pools and are usually esential to take out to complete a quest or safely traverse an area, I don't mind the nightmares as they don't appear oftern and are mean't to be avoided. But the telepaths and technopaths can just cause annoyance in some cases such as in the power plant with the 2 technopaths-I have encouted a few minor bugs such as getting stuck in objects however I have only experienced 1 crash in 21 hours and have only ever experienced an fps drop in the power plant. The game also had quite a few minor sound bugs but once again not game breaking-Some sidequests are not explained well enough such as the ""Danielle Sho"" quest regarding the cook as I went searching for him for hours with no real indication of where he was-I don't see this as a con really but I can understand why some people may be upset that their is only 3 lethal firearms in the game (Q-Beem, Shotgun and pistol)Other than that, that is it this has been my favourite game in a long time and I am going do another playthrough as I used no alien mods the 1st time."
,Not Recommended,480490,31602674,Posted: 7 May,all,IK694,I personally couldnt get into the game.  It plays much like the Half Life Series or Bioshock Series.  Graphics look good not great.  I expected more from Cryengine.  Looks like it was made on an updated Source Engine Honestly.  I like the way it plays but in the time I played it I couldnt get into the story.  I have received a refund for this game and dont intend to play it again in the future.
76561197996601369,Recommended,480490,31633059,Posted: 8 May,all,Throbulator,"I'm still playing the game, so I can't speak based on the ending or anything like that. But this game is in the mold of games like Bioshock, System Shock 2, Deus Ex, anbd Dishonored (made by Arkane as well). If you like that style of game, this is definitely a game for you.Pros*Fun, fluid gameplay.*Immersive and full of detail*Interesting story with multiple endings (I haven't experienced any endings but it is clear there is more than one)*Pretty game, not the best graphics but great art direction, animations, etc, more than makes up for anything else.*The best optimization for a PC port I've seen in a while. Game runs brilliantly for me.Cons*While the port is excellent in terms of optimization, it does lack a few graphics and gameplay options. This is pretty minor for me as the game run fabulously.*That they used the name Prey for this game. It has nothing to do with the original but I and most people knew that going in. Still, they could have named it anything else.That's pretty much it for cons with the caveat that I haven't finished and maybe I'll find something further on that I don't like. Everything put together this game is a 9/10 for me."
,Recommended,480490,31573365,Posted: 5 May,all,OldGuyPlays,"Edit: 18 hours in and I don't regret a single second spent in this amazing world!  Still haven't finished a campaign, I keep getting sidetracked by all the awesome sidequests.  The furniture keeps trying to kill me and I haven't gotten enough sleep since i started playing.7 hours in and OMG!  I've jumped, squeeled, and yelled during these last several hours.  I'm playing on normal and have died several times.  Sometimes due to my own stupidity, sometimes due to slow reflexes, and sometimes simply because I was startled and couldn't kill them before they killed me.I DON'T have a high end rig.  I'm running this on a Intel 3770 OC to 3.5 Ghz with 16GB Ram and an older GTX 670.  I left all the defaults and it's running silky smooth.  No hiccups, burps, or stutters.This game simply rocks.  Go buy it now.   I'm gonna go have a few drinks, calm my nerves, and go to bed now."
,Recommended,480490,31633646,Posted: 8 May,all,Something Elk,<3
,Recommended,480490,31569044,Posted: 5 May,all,๖ۣۜDrK x ๖ۣۜﮎHUR1K3N>,"Ok Arkane, i played your game, it was fun and good.But when can i have Prey 2? Bethesda?"
76561198029616686,Recommended,480490,31647142,Posted: 9 May,all,Bobby G,10/10 Amazing!
76561198133185428,Recommended,480490,31651073,Posted: 9 May,all,OGBirdman,"When i went into this game i was very much expecting something like Dishonored 2. As you began playing though, it feels like a mix of Bioshock, Dishonored, and Dues Ex. It has a very good atmosphere to the game and the combat kept me interested. There are moments that make you jump because sometimes the enemies really catch you off guard and they are challenging foes. Each situation can be tackled at least 3 different ways including combat and puzzles. The skills in this game are interesting, i wont spoil anything but there are really 2 different ways you can approach the game through skills, each just as entertaining and difficult as the other. I would play this entire game twice because of the different ways to approach everything and the choices that actually change the dynamic of the game and combat. Side quests actually have an effect on the game and the choices you make in them actually change the rest of the game. Overall i think Bethesda did a very good job on this game and id highly suggest you play it. My Rating: 9/10."
76561198079725226,Recommended,480490,31587485,Posted: 6 May,all,⚑BannerMan⚑,"Awesome game, great atmosphere, interesting enemies with interesting lore, a decent story, and a really good challenge to boot.  Absolutley recommend this to everyone."
76561198067481999,Recommended,480490,31652153,Posted: 9 May,all,Ki-Adi-Mundi,"After Dishonored 1 & 2, I was really excited to see more from Arkane. This game is definitley more than I expected. Very atmospheric and has a good scare factor. During the beginning of the game you feel pretty screwed, but once you start getting resources and some more weapons it opens up. This game feels really fresh and after being bored by a lot of the games to recently come out this was defintly a welcome change."
76561198043307078,Recommended,480490,31652250,Posted: 9 May,all,TaintJuiceSommelier,"I am really impressed with this game.Pros:There are many effective approaches to dealing with the enemies that revolve around how you level (neuromod) your character.  It's very similar to Bioshock.The story is interesting and involved, with one huge thing that still makes me very irritated, but I won't spoil.The open world with side quests let you pick and choose the next area you want to explore.Cons:Bethesda bugs - but this is very unbuggy for them.  I've fallen through walls/floors only twice.One thing in the story just... why??  COME ON MAN!I hate the zero gravity controls and awkwardness.  It makes sense for it to be awkward, but I still hate these areas.Overall I am definitely loving this game."
76561198007272243,Recommended,480490,31647709,Posted: 9 May,all,vann7,"The game is the way half life 3 ,should have been if released today. Outstanding .very innovative , amazing story , super interesting drama , Graphics gets better and better ,Nothing revolutionary but still great. And the sound and music effects are terrific . The mostcoolest thing about the game is the so many different ways to play it , is just create a newstandard on how much creatitivity games can have. Can't wait for a sequel and a third .and in the future will be nicer a fully visual  customized gear that you upgrade ,differentgear sets and  with photorealistic graphics. so far the game deserve a 9 of 10. To get a 10 ,it needs to push a little more in the things mentioned above. Very detailed characters and gear ,anda camera mode for creating amazing movies."
,Recommended,480490,31554726,Posted: 5 May,all,jackal187gaming,It runs great on all resolutions.It's a decent game overall.But I lost interest after a bit.I think you should try it butfor a lower price.3 resolutions tested in the videohttps://youtu.be/UwmUYWl5ZEM
,Recommended,480490,31573691,Posted: 5 May,all,Dooflockey,"Can't trust the trash cans, the coffee mugs, or even yourself. What a game. Runs great, looks good, and the gameplay is slick and fun as hell. It's not 100% original but is unique enough to be extremely engaging throughout. Worst part is the music and jump scare cues are a bit off. The music and sound design is fantastic, but sometimes it's like it doesn't know what mood it wants to give off."
,Recommended,480490,31653629,Posted: 9 May,all,Rip LagSwitch :(,"I just played for 2 hours, so far so good. The review will be update after i finished the game.Pros:+ atmosphere, sound, graphic+ well optimize+ play it multiple ways, multiple paths to go thru. ( sneaky, or just shoot em in the face )Neutral:- Motion Sickness since the default fov value is 85.5, that value is for console. There's no slider setting, you have to edit the config file which is not that hard but should be easier. The dev said they would inlude it in the next patch.Cons:- A cup just killed me from behide. 11/10"
,Recommended,480490,31654288,Posted: 9 May,all,Kyir,"One of the best games I've played in a long time. It has excellent world design, great voice acting, a branching plot with multiple possible endings, and really tense combat (assuming you don't play on an easier setting.) I'd definitely recommend it to anyone who likes the studio's other games, and probably everyone else too."
76561197960824903,Recommended,480490,31663561,Posted: 10 May,all,Ghost,"I have to say this game suprised me, the story is in a round about way but in the end it really made an impact on me. The ending I really enjoyed, this is how I think ending should work, it gives you a sense of completion and gives you an expectation on a continuation. I will say this, if you like playing an evil character the ending might disappoint you. It personally makes sense to me why it played out the way it did but, just wanted to give a heads up.My first playthrough took me roughly 30 hours, granted I am a completionist so I take my time, granted I expect the game would of taken me longer if I didn't hit a bug where one of the people I needed to find spawned her behind a wall with no way to get to her.I only played with guns and human neuromods and on normal I had no issues except lil annoyances when outside the station. My 2nd playthrough I plan on playing on nightmare and only doing typhoid neuromods.Anyway for me the best praise I can give a game is if a game can get me excited to play through it again that says everything, even games like Witcher 3 or even the Mass Effect series I had to wait for almost a year before I had the drive to jump back in.All in all, if you enjoyed Dishonored 1 and 2 buy this game, if you like shooters with an element of RPGs buy this game."
,Recommended,480490,31673503,Posted: 10 May,all,buttchuggin brewskies,damn dude
,Recommended,480490,31673162,Posted: 10 May,all,Te Old Spice Man,Some random dudes thoughts...-That was a cool game.-If you are looking for some meaty combate then you will most likley be disapointed.-If you take your time and explore the nooks and crannies you will be rewarded.-This game felt more like a puzzel game with all the different ways to solve your predicament.-Well optimized.-Like yea. That was a cool gaming expereince and felt very fresh.
,Recommended,480490,31655310,Posted: 9 May,all,CodenameAlex,"I'm recommending this game... despite the fact that my save file with 30+ hours into it has corrupted. I know that the current bugs will be fixed, but this game has a lot that can't be hotfixed later.This is an excellent System Shock 3."
76561198288385024,Recommended,480490,31659672,Posted: 9 May,all,Riseoftheslug,Awesome game. You wont regret purchasing this one.
76561198040341887,Recommended,480490,31566564,Posted: 5 May,all,Update Queued,thumb up for my kaspar not spawned in Talos-1 exterior
76561198057880754,Recommended,480490,31660031,Posted: 9 May,all,DANKSOULS saucy sorceress,so the few moments i could play this game for were really fun and i cant wait to get a better computer to give this game justice because even tho this game looks beautiful at low settings the fps suck on my machine. fun game for what i got to play tho :)
76561198344766791,Recommended,480490,31656803,Posted: 9 May,all,thedominator893,amazing. scary. compelling. challenging. fun. all there is to say.
,Recommended,480490,31596403,Posted: 6 May,all,MysticalMatthew,Prey remembers good video game design.
,Recommended,480490,31659805,Posted: 9 May,all,hm,"Awesome, one of the best games I've played in a few years. A bit buggy, but I managed to fight through the game breaking ones without it ruining my experience too much. I had the same glitch that one reviewer had, where after 80% completed, my game reset itself to the beginning level for whatever reason.Also, the elevator is a bugfest. The buggiest thing in the game is that elevator. Starship troopers level of bugs. Save your game every time you gotta mess with that thing."
,Recommended,480490,31688107,Posted: 11 May,all,i love rick n morty,its real good
76561197970552397,Recommended,480490,31690836,Posted: 11 May,all,jbovis,A Freakingmazing.   Extremely addictive.  I haven't enjoyed a game like this since Half-Life.
,Recommended,480490,31687142,Posted: 11 May,all,Militariant,Great game. Haven't enjoyed a single player game this much since Witcher 3.
,Recommended,480490,31624650,Posted: 8 May,all,ValidGamer,Brilliant Game 9/10 the only problem is that due to a bug you can't replay the game since if you do all the loot is gone! So if you do replay you don't get uppdate for the main quest so that does not work you cannot loot the neruo spy-glass or whatever so you can unlock typhon neuro-mods and oh you can't get neuromods since you looted all the fabrications blueprints and all the neuromods!!
76561197970521261,Recommended,480490,31686868,Posted: 11 May,all,ninjadrew,"Great game, but I miss Shodan :'("
76561197976243257,Recommended,480490,31635996,Posted: 8 May,all,mwconcord,Only played a little but can already see Half-life/bio shock style game YES PLEASE.
76561198083222223,Recommended,480490,31636006,Posted: 8 May,all,tegrof,"Clearly I'm enjoying it, > 20 hours in a few days of playing.Since about 17 hours in, it's been crashing pretty regular though.  Starting to get annoying.Good game...I feel the need to get everything, find everyone, open all places...I'd recommend, even with the crashing late in the game.  If it gets any worse, I'll take that recommendation away though."
,Recommended,480490,31636070,Posted: 8 May,all,Omni-Whale,"Asked the phantom not to kill me. He laughed, the npc laughed, the chair laughed. I am down a phantom and a mimic now and have no plans on stopping."
76561198048070444,Recommended,480490,31633149,Posted: 8 May,all,Bombegranate,"Arkane's love letter to Bioshock, but it's far from a rip-off. This is one of the most engrossing games I've played in a while. It's definitely worth giving a try."
,Recommended,480490,31636264,Posted: 8 May,all,Aggressor,Great FPS sci-fi horror game!
76561198032012793,Recommended,480490,31640935,Posted: 8 May,all,Ambaire,"Should have been called System Shock 3. Definitely a worthy heir to the name. Spent 23 hours on my first playthrough, and am now 15 hours into my second. Absolutely incredible game. Worth the purchase price just to go outside the Talos station and fly around it in a spacesuit."
,Recommended,480490,31642105,Posted: 9 May,all,Mattilocilis,Like a cross between Dead Space and Fallout(two of my all time favorites)... This game is outstanding and super addictive! 10/10
76561198121444502,Recommended,480490,31643888,Posted: 9 May,all,Crazydave,"Great game ,very different. Challenging combat and just really fun."
76561197981141329,Recommended,480490,31643789,Posted: 9 May,all,Orz TNT- [G],"Great Game, the ending just EPIC...blow my mind"
76561198009799470,Recommended,480490,31642614,Posted: 9 May,all,Nightfish,"There are many good reasons to recommend Prey, but the most standout feature to me is exploration. While objectives are still marked and you know where to go, in contrast to many modern games, not every climbable surface is smeared with paint and not every breakable wall is glaringly obvious. To me, that is fantastic. Finding things actually feels like I found something, rather than just follow the signposts or markers as if I were on a ride. If you think you should be able to climb a thing, you can climb it. I can't recall a single instance of me thinking ""I should be able to go there"" and then not being able to go. If you see it, you can probably reach it, and in more than one way.I'd put Prey in the same category as the original Deus Ex and Bioshock. If you liked those games, odds are you will like Prey. Having just finished my first run, I am already considering what I want to do on the second, which is rare these days. There's enough variety in weapons and powers that I didn't feel like I saw everything the game had to offer. It might be worth mentioning that no weapon felt redundant to me, which is somewhat unusual.Also worth mentioning, perhaps, considering Dishonored 2's launch is that in 29.1 hours of play time I had a total of two crashes and one quest that was bugged, which I could fix by reloading an autosave. Performance was never an issue either, load times are quite short."
,Recommended,480490,31636834,Posted: 8 May,all,Spooky Thicc Daddy Elmos,"Great game loved playthrough it from start to end. The only complaint I have is that it over stays its welcome and the Ending just ends. No follow up, No what happened just feels like it was a rushed ending with to many questions.7.8/10"
,Recommended,480490,31636686,Posted: 8 May,all,Tharsgaard,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this is a good game,I have no idea what I'm doing or where I am and I'm loving it!Runs extremely well, I'm on a 970 with 4790k with  every option cranked full and getting 80fps ++"
76561198075615109,Recommended,480490,31637794,Posted: 8 May,all,Super Kami Guru,"""It was all a dreamI used to read METHOD.SCI Magazine"""
,Recommended,480490,31640551,Posted: 8 May,all,KYLE,"Best single player experience I have had in a game in years, buy this game if you want to relive your first moments of Rapture/Columbia. This game has that same feeling and it's wonderful."
76561198072559418,Recommended,480490,31641601,Posted: 9 May,all,Quantum,"Incredible opening and engaging story--makes you think sometimes. Beautiful graphics, great audio. Exploration is tense, fun, and rewarding. Enemies are satisfying to kill, although easily cheesed.What I loved most was the incredible scale and the freedom to explore the whole station--inside and out in almost any order. There was always something to do.Overall, a masterpiece. Thirty hours of solid fun!"
76561198026394258,Recommended,480490,31673380,Posted: 10 May,all,Sunchaser Kandri,"I'm very pleased with this game. I get a very heavy System Shock vibe from it, but without all of the awful, clunky systems that game had. The level and monster design is nice, the combat's pretty good, and the ""play your way"" mentality that Arkane Studios usually pushes actually holds fairly true here. That said, good lord, do they starve you for resources, which I can kind of see being a turn-off to people who don't care for inventory managment-heavy games. Overall, though, I would put Prey at a solid 9.5 out of 10."
76561198032721620,Recommended,480490,31650462,Posted: 9 May,all,astrogazer,"Prey is a great single player game I give it an 9 out of 10. Lots of sneaking around and exploring and questing to do.But, some problems are - no Spare Parts Kit Fabricator license (no big deal, but should have it). There are weapon fabs and suit repair kits license for fabricator, etc, but not too many parts kits to fix the many damaged turrets and pannels, etc.Game should of also made Morgan (Main npc) be a more good guy type and actually have him restore/cure people back.Game should also let player fix all the broken bulkhead walls, etc. and restore station (like Fallout 4 snap together walls.)Outside of Station MAP - there is none, so you are constantly trying to figure where your at.All in all agreat game. well worth it.(I would suggest investing in lockpicking perks and repair perks to save time.)"
76561198020720029,Recommended,480490,31676331,Posted: 10 May,all,The Rarest Temmie,Graphics 10/10It just fits so well together and runs smooth like crazy. You can prolly run it on really old machines.Sound 10/10Those creepy voices remind me of System Shock... that crippling fear man... halpGameplay 10/10The game is so freaking enjoyable it hurts. I literally went through 50 locations before even doing 1 main objective.Story 10/10I do wanna know how it ends.They even gave me the preorder bonus 3 days after launch... Freaking champs.Definetly worth full price. Must buy on sale.
76561198260351337,Recommended,480490,31680063,Posted: 11 May,all,redcrow1578,"This game can be very creative at times and annoying just as much.  I dont think it is anything like Dead Space like most people claim.  Its more like Deus Ex or just flat out Dishonored in Space.  Its not scary at all escept for the glass button thing were your strolling along and thinking obliviously ""What is that all about"".  It runs great but it does have issues.  The developers get major points for addressing the issues within about two days unlike Mass Effect Andromeda's Multiplayer which will never be fixed.  The story is pulled down by annoying room to room loading times and not fluid but still is interesting and cool.  It needs to feel more engaging in story.  Its not confusing just spread out and makes me think that this game would make a cool movie franchise like ALIEN.  The game could even be better if it ripped off of alien isolation in my opinion.  But the game in the end is a good buy and worth the money and most importantly the developers take there game serious unlike Mass Effects Multiplayer.  7/10"
,Recommended,480490,31676963,Posted: 10 May,all,SlipGate,"Nice atmosphere w/ this game one of the more immersive games I played recently that isn't all Action based. Cry Engine 5.0 is great looking I haven't played a Coridor shooter in a while I bet Arkane could make some Crazy good DLC for this game usually the DLC is always better =) Love the generic crafting system in the game also plenty of fun to be have if you have the right setup and moitor 24"" Dell Gsync monitor here with 1080ti MSI FE."
76561198047005303,Recommended,480490,31677076,Posted: 10 May,all,SLONK 2.0,The story and plot in this game are extremely well put. Gameplay is superb. All-in-all highly recommended!
,Recommended,480490,31677290,Posted: 10 May,all,Broccoli,"It's a Shock game, but new. I mean, I couldn't possibbly have expected it to beat my expectations by this much, it's great."
,Recommended,480490,31681692,Posted: 11 May,all,Serks,"I love this game. This is one of the best games I've ever played. The graphics are actually pretty good imo, the gameplay is amazing, the story is just crazy good, it also makes it seem real, being able to kind of piece together what happened in the past, the combat is quite great, there are strategies for fighting each enemy, and multiple, some are better to use abilities on and some aren't. So many things about this game are fantastic. There are so many side quests to do. I highly recommend you get this game, it is simply one of the best games I've played, I don't know about others but this is definitely on my GOTY list."
76561197995043221,Recommended,480490,31674093,Posted: 10 May,all,RaptorToes,"This is the game I was thinking Bioshock 4 would be but, as Prey I will take it. Very sorry that 2K no longer making this and we will never get to see what happened to Tommy next. But so far I am impressed with what Bethesda has decided Prey should be. The graphics are great, story is even better and game play is awsome! I have nothing to say bad after 20 hours into the game."
76561197961957921,Recommended,480490,31673909,Posted: 10 May,all,Dirty2,"I was afraid I would never see Half Life 3, now I'm afraid ill never see Prey 2... 10/10"
76561197995530955,Recommended,480490,31633570,Posted: 8 May,all,Kref,"I really wanted to make a positive review.But that idiots made in their shooter  - rpg very difficult, and even more stupid arcade ini-games.I do not give positive reviews for games which enforce me to ""play"" idiotic mini-games for more then one minute per two hours.Still, this one would be exception."
76561198004058748,Recommended,480490,31673288,Posted: 10 May,all,GNAR AS JESUS,"Really like the game, but some of the key bindings are straight ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ - the ""back/exit menu"" button is the same button as ""fire psionic blast that will damage yourself severely"" button. You *will* end up accidentally using these powers by hitting the button without intending to, since it's the same binding as the ""back"" button. They clearly did not playtest this game thoroughly, which makes sense for a Bethesda subsidiary.I'd consider myself pretty good at video games and I've done this enough where I've seriously considered asking for a refund (or having my bank charge it back if not) because this is seriously the worst keybind combination that I've ever encountered.Otherwise, I really like the story and the gameplay. Keeps you on your toes."
,Recommended,480490,31673292,Posted: 10 May,all,#PervySage,Interesting been looking for game like Half-Life for some time now. This game is kinda like it but not entirely.. It has nice graphics and craft system. Story is pretty good. If you play solo games I would recommend it. Down side make sure you use the melee weapon the most to save ammo for the other creatures you run into.
76561198063809291,Recommended,480490,31674573,Posted: 10 May,all,Classy Sassy man,"fantastic amalgamation of previous greats with dripping space horror atmosphere. i dont do the whole review thing very often, however, this game deserves it. GET IT."
76561198153058496,Recommended,480490,31674562,Posted: 10 May,all,HooHooHoudini,Resident Evil 1...IN SPACE!
,Recommended,480490,31673766,Posted: 10 May,all,Bot Rick,"Play it, why, don't ask"
76561198048933604,Recommended,480490,31673265,Posted: 10 May,all,Seppe-Sai,"The 2017 Prey forgets everything about the first but aliens. This is a great reboot and it's better for not being chained to the original story. It feels like a mix of some of the new and old classic FPS games like Bioshock, Deadspace, and Deus Ex. I've played for around 11 hours at the time of this review and during that time I haven't noticed a single drop in frames at max settings."
76561198004388443,Recommended,480490,31675270,Posted: 10 May,all,rikster,Excellent game!
,Recommended,480490,31675624,Posted: 10 May,all,ZeroDivision,If you loved SystemShock and BioShock: you'll love this.
,Recommended,480490,31675637,Posted: 10 May,all,PseudoSuperhero,"One of the best games I've played. I'm not a fan of jump scares but this game turns those jump scares into ""b!t&h what"" moments, talking trash over the globs of goo you just made an example of."
,Recommended,480490,31675360,Posted: 10 May,all,Guru,"~30 hours in, one good full campaign and tried to explore everything as thuroughly as I could. A very good experience, and definitely worth one, if not more than one, replay."
,Recommended,480490,31675370,Posted: 10 May,all,pshycoticfly,this is offically the first game i have ever reviewed and the oly reason i feel so compelled to do so is because this game has now jumped onto the top list of best games i have ever played the devs really have created something beautiful here if your debating buying this and you see this review i can 100% say you will for sure love this game
,Recommended,480490,31676409,Posted: 10 May,all,JaguarMEX,"The game is very good, it reminds me of the first time I played Half-Life back in 1998, I couldn't stop playing it as the story and level design grabbed you and didn't let you go until the end.I don't know where all the major publications get their scores. I guess they are rushing through the game to get the review out, but I don't agree with those scores. This game is pure bliss and the emergent gameplay guarantees that your second playthrough would be different than the first."
,Recommended,480490,31677772,Posted: 10 May,all,lewtt,"the repeating ingame quote ""We're gonna shake things up, like old times"" pretty accurately describes the game because it feels like a love letter to older titles like system shock 2 and deus exgameplay: a suspensful, slower paced fps with puzzle and rpg elements. investigation, approach, and preparation matter as much as skill and reflex, with multiple solutions to most problems. stealth is just as viable as combat (and exponentially more effective combined). interesting and varied toolset like the previous dishonored titlesstory is decent. a lot of ""wow, i was not expecting that"" moments from someone who has been pretty disillusioned from the generally repetitive and boring storytelling of the 2000s+. thought provoking but not too heavy; game is pretty funny at some partsgraphics are a little lackluster, but not horrible. probably better that the design focus went to gameplayport is alright; probably suffered from that final month deadline crunch. problems easily rectifiable by ini/.cfg edits (changing fov at release) aren't really a con to me, but keys that can't easily be rebound (middle mouse/menu buttons) without third party tools are."
,Recommended,480490,31678084,Posted: 10 May,all,chillymemes,"9/10I have been looking for a game like this for years. No seriously...I have. I have never written a review before but felt the need to. Last game I enjoyed like this was Bioshock Infinite, and if you enjoyed the Bioshock series, you will absolutely enjoy Prey (2017).This is Bioshock in space, combined with so many hidden secrets and quests you can ask for! I really enjoyed this game, it was everything I could have asked for.Just be sure to SAVE here and there so you don't have to replay much in the worst case scenario. There is autosave, but quick save is easy enough. I had one instace with corrupted save files, but I luckily had recent saved files to go to instead.Pros:- Immersive story (it's not just destroy the aliens and save the world), you have to think about your actions in relation to others- Great performance: I can run max settings (i7-4790k, GeForce GTX 980 Ti, 16 gB RAM, SSD running the game) and still get over 60fps (It was having FPS issues in only one of the areas in the game, the powerplant)- So many secrets! Not too much backtracking if you discover secrets first! There is usually more than one way to find a secret which is great.- Replayability is very high: multiple ways to play and replay the story, wont spoil!Cons:- Some technical issues, especially with a glitch in the main storyIf you wait to until after the Apex breaches the hull at the end, if you bring Dahl to the medical bay, nothing will happen. The only way to surpass this is to load a previous save and before you speak to Alex, bring Dahl to the medical bay. After you talk to Alex and the Apex arrives, you can continue with the story as normal and Dahl will stay alive.- One of the areas had major FPS issuesThe power plant had issues with FPS. I was running max settings but probably had issues cause it is a huge room and there is so much to load at once."
,Recommended,480490,31677432,Posted: 10 May,all,TiRoSu,"Has literally nothing to do with the 2006 game of the same name. That said, it is an excellent game and a worthy successor to the genre formed by System Shock 2 and Bioshock.The atmosphere and asthetics are great the whole way through; world building and sound design are especially good. The game keeps up its promise of allowing you to play it how you feel is best; both charging in and killing everything with a shotgun and sneaking by all the threats are completely valid ways of completing the objectives.Game runs quite well, with very few (minor) technical issues encountered, which will likley be fixed in a future patch.Highly reccomended."
,Recommended,480490,31677441,Posted: 10 May,all,night greyson,"ok so this game seems really endearing and it's really engaging so far but i'm only 40 min in and run the game on very high settings, however for some reason, windows terminates the game after 20-40 min of gameplay. Idk if anybody else is having this problem, but a fix should be issued ASAP."
76561198194625187,Recommended,480490,31679713,Posted: 11 May,all,Skyrim,"I will start by saying i was not interested in this game at all until i finally saw gameplay and realized what it actualy was. I feel bamboozled and legitimately pranked, they marketed this as a generic FPS when the reality is it is soooo much better than just that. I would much, much, M U C H rather have a spiritual successor to System Shock made by arkane studios with gorgeous synthwave futuristic aesthetics and music put out by Mick Gordon again that Prey 2. I personally think Prey 2 is overly romanticized, the reality is that the game probably would have been only a 6-7/10 FPS. It would be nice to have both titles but if i had to choose i would take this timeline in a heartbeat. A atmospherically perfect true first person RPG of the likes of Deus Ex and System Shock 2 made on modern hardware with the exploration and world size of a Metroidvania game such as Metroid Prime or Dark Souls is a literal dream. I loved Bioshock but i haven't found myself playing it since 2012 since its primarily an action game over an RPG, and it's linearity that makes back tracking pointless as hell kind of damages replay value. This game is perfect so far and i demand that anyone who is a fan of System Shock 2 and first person RPG's in general gives it a fair chance without the bias that was put down by the Prey 2 development."
76561198121778099,Recommended,480490,31620064,Posted: 8 May,all,Munda,"<BUYERS BEWARE: Just lost 12+ hours of gameplay due to a bug randomly corrupting most of my save files  because ""the save files are incompatible with the current version of the game."" Amazing game until the majority of my progress was randomly corrupted away. If you're going to try this game, backup your saves often or wait until patches have been released to fix known bugs.>A recent beta patch made on 5/10/2017 was able to successfully restore my corrupted save game and after 4 consecutive hours of ""testing"" I have yet to encounter the issue again. Good save, Bethesda, good save."
,Recommended,480490,31684421,Posted: 11 May,all,Jsoull,"I've been playing Prey for the last few days now (Although I would have preffered the original Prey 2 over this), and I can safely say that this game is 75% worth your money and 15% worth your time. This game takes much more direct inspiration from System Shock 2 than the original Prey, which (Being a big System Shock nerd), I don't have any problems with. What I DO have problems with tend to be either game-breaking bugs, or just bad game design. For example, I've been in several situations where I was being persued by a group of aliens, and needed to use one of the automated turrets to defend myself. When attempting to pick up and place the turret, the game gives me 3 options:(F TO PICK UP)(F TO HACK)(F TO REPAIR)You can probably see the problem there. The latter 2 options you actually need to HOLD f, but the game makes sure not to tell you that. Due to this, I ended up accidently hacking turrets when I didn't want to, leading to a waste of my time along with my character taking rather silly amounts of damage. This could have been avoided if the player could simply EXIT the hacking screen, but I guess that was too far out of Bethesda's abilities."
76561198030794979,Recommended,480490,31684505,Posted: 11 May,all,JohnvanTuyn,"Excellent game. Similar to Halflife and Deus Ex.Great combination of spooky athmosphere, with multiple little story lines and usefull skills / upgrades.Game runs like a charm even on slightly below spec graphics card on medium setting with extra anti aliassing turned on."
76561198022761574,Recommended,480490,31696034,Posted: 11 May,all,Sterdog plays games,"I did not play System Shock as a child nor did I play the first Prey so I'm what you could call a clean slate for this game. I don't have notions of what it should be because of a game/games that was/were released a decade ago or longer.First off after what I've said above, overall this game is a classic example of how nothing is really new anymore. Sure, the story is new, but it basically ends their. The inventory menu, crafting, and leveling system all feel like a glove you've worn for a while but still like. I felt the hint of several different games that I do appreciate melted together into a game I will remember for a long time. Wrap that up in a new story and you have a winner. I'll summerize my pro's and con's below:Pro's:-I have a Ryzen system, this is the first game released by Bethesda that was Ryzen tested. It ran flawlessly. No errors or glitches that others reported.-The controls are the least clumsy I've felt in a while. I never felt the urge to use a control pad to play a FPS and that says something about how well things are laid out.-The ""poop your pants"" factor was just right for me. Sure, it's like Jurrasic Park scary where you jump a bit only after the first few enemies and music changes but settle down after that. It won't make you reconsider life but it will get your heart growing and maybe even make you question the odd chair at 3 am.-Graphics felt smooth but not overdone. I get a little miffed when games try to get too fancy for the average user out there. With a Ryzen 5 and R9 390 card I ran max settings and overall I was happy with the look.-Power system. Scroll wheel absolutely necessary but it is easy to swap powers/weapons as needed-Story line. No pandering for a sequeal. There is a twist at the end but it works very well and doesn't leave you wondering ""WTF happens now?""-Ethics balance. No Massive Crap Effect here where you end up getting hog tied into a good or bad ending that really doesn't matter. The ending is determined like a finely tuned scale and you can end up right in the middle. Nice touch.Cons:-Guns. Man are they crummy. Plus if you don't find the best one early in the game you end up struggling against the harder half of the typhons. In the end you end up feeling confused about whether or not the guns were built to be a sad joke or if the mechanics are just that badly balanced.-Enemy tactics. You can sneak around these dummies all day. However, everyonce in a while, you'll get noticed in the weirdest ways sometimes. Definately feels like mid 2000's AI.-Physics. It's 2017, stuff should feel real by now. A few times bodies and Typhons were bouncing around like a bad game of Portal. Not good."
76561198034660752,Recommended,480490,31696409,Posted: 11 May,all,Snow Latte,Deus Ex in spaceThought it would be like DoomOr more puzzle heavy like Prey 2006But this is literally Deus ex in spaceAnd it works
,Recommended,480490,31696389,Posted: 11 May,all,Waba,"This is an amazing game!  Similar to Dishonored, Deus Ex, and BioShock series, it's a first-person shooter where your character can use multiple unique weapons and abilities.  However, it differs in that instead of blasting your way through levels or sneaking by and assassinating targets, Prey forces you to explore and avoid enemies as much as possible.  The level design is impeccible, character design amazing, and story line is compelling.  This game is a must have for 2017.  You cannot miss this."
76561198020647528,Recommended,480490,31703480,Posted: 12 May,all,Komrad,"Just finished my playthrough on Nightmare difficulty,i died alot but it was enjoyable,it's been a long time since I have had goosebump while playing a singleplayer game. the music is haunting and gameplay is rock solid, you can play it however you want, Real nice game,"
76561198041175804,Recommended,480490,31704068,Posted: 12 May,all,Let's Get Hyena,Bioshock... in space.
76561198072061785,Recommended,480490,31690628,Posted: 11 May,all,turtlegamer360,Do i recommend this game? yes i do! this game was awesome from start to finish! The ending is great too.....you shall see.The only issue i have with this game is that you cant really roll dodge anything. Yes you can slide but thats really not dodging at all just a copy of popular game mechanics of call of duty or other shooters. Other than that its a brillant game and im playing it a second time for the different story.
,Recommended,480490,31675561,Posted: 10 May,all,Jack Bright,"Prey plays like a mix of dishonored, bioshock, and Human Revolution.Upgrades are powerful and useful, especially the alien ones, though there's a price to taking them. Progression is very noticeable, early game you are nearly powerless (I played on Nightmare difficulty) and killing enemies requires guile and dirty tricks. Late game (if you do what I did and eat the 'free' candy), with the completion of a notable sidequest, you're walking death.Story is good with a well done twist ending, the ending has a scale of good/bad similar to Dishonored.Game looks very nice.There's a few glitches, notably I was able to get outside of the map once and got stuck two other times, but they were rare.Solid 9/10, some of the abilities could have been reworked a little but the overall experience was excellent.EDIT: With the bugs fixed, I now give this game a 10/10. While some of the abilities could have been reworked, they all had their place, even if a few were niche."
76561198107017424,Recommended,480490,31888767,Posted: 21 May,all,YayCakes,"Very much like a BioShock or Dishonored game in space along with an amazing twist ending. Most of the trailers make it seem like a horror game, even though its not. It's a Bethesda/Arkane game in that you have so many choices in how to get through certain levels or complete certain quests. If you enjoyed either the BioShock or Dishonored games, then this game is definitely for you."
,Recommended,480490,31890639,Posted: 21 May,all,First Sausage,"If you're a fan of System Shock and Bioshock, this game might be a fit for you."
76561198047838896,Recommended,480490,31893110,Posted: 21 May,all,cLAy_piGeon,-----Quickie review-----I hate horror but I love killing evil and thats what kept me on this game till the end. I needed to kill this plague infestation that was on the station and the people.It has a serious well written story that makes you make epic end of world decisions. I don't care for this type of game but was interesting even If I feel it is played out senario.I played BioShock1&2(hated it) and feel it has no relation to this at all. This is way better.
76561197960458748,Recommended,480490,31893555,Posted: 21 May,all,Rocko,"what an amazing game! the multi game endings which were all basically the same  but loved it , Just all in all  a great game will play it again just because I missed so much on the first play through, and how to upgrade stuff I did not get it til I have played halfway way through the game. Awsome buy this game you will not be disapointed!!! And just one the end of it u realize  you have been played!! I have nothing negiitive to say!! Just a great game my 2 thunbs up!! Worth The Buy!!Rocko approved!!!!"
,Recommended,480490,31875960,Posted: 20 May,all,The Hobbler,"I can't describe just how great this game is. Everything it does, it does well."
76561198068596525,Recommended,480490,31875479,Posted: 20 May,all,xanost,"I had fun. A bit frustrating at the end (although that may have been my choice of playthrough). I liked the element of exploration and discovery, and the choices you could make. Worth it in my opinion"
,Recommended,480490,31876208,Posted: 20 May,all,Bombie,"My new favorite game.I've seriously never had so much fun exploring isntead of actually doing an objective, whether the main objective or one of the mulitple ones. It seems as if exploring is more rewarding, too!I'm so repeating this as soon as I finish it. 12 hours in and still haven't progressed in the story much."
,Recommended,480490,31876297,Posted: 20 May,all,Divine Agostina,"Ok let me start by saying I don't usually do reviews, so bear me.I played the original prey (2006) and adored it immensely... that said, this game has NOTHING to do with that. This is its entirely own thing, and while I would have loved a form of modern remake with extras, I'm actually really happy about how this turned out.It has an amazing story, and a connection to characters you don't even see half the time.. but you get to know them, through logs, voice recordings, sometimes meeting them and it clicks. Not a lot, but enough for you to get to know and feel for that character.It's got a sort of generic 'upgrade weapons, upgrade skills' thing going, but it's done in a way that the skill choices are just up to you, theres ALWAYS a way to get around no matter what you pick... or don't pick. There are no 'required skills' infact you can run the game without themNot a lot of weapons (I bring this up as I know a lot of people like variance), but that's fine as they all serve very well, and some aren't even required.Crafting system is simple, also not really needed just 'helpful' so to speak, does sort of clog the inventory a lot saving materials but there are ways around that, could have used a little work but nothing too terribleYou can play how you want. Guns blazing? Do it. Stealthy? Go for it. Run from everything? Well I mean yesEnemy variance is pretty good, and most are rather threatening.. even the basic enemies (I played on Hard for my first run, I was getting destroyed until real late game, and that was going by skills, I intend to do a run later with no skills at all)Overall, would I recommend it? Absolutely yes, rating wise it's a solid 9/10.. a few things need work, but overall it was an amazing game with a wonderful story that really pulled me in"
76561198186812151,Recommended,480490,31876298,Posted: 20 May,all,clarkeveritas,"I just finished Prey.... I have heard people complain about the ending... but having just experienced it...my mind is entirely blown and I can't wait to see what the other endings are.  I really can't believe what I just watched.  But that aside I'll get on to the game.Prey is an open-world (station) FPS/RPG that has instantly jumped into my top-10 of all-time.  The only reason it didn't get into my top 3 was due to a few things I might have done differently... but I NEVER buy games new- and despite the fact I paid full-price for Prey I'm very glad I did and am very excited about jumping into a new campaign.  Prey is similar to the Dishonored games and the Deus Ex games in that it presents you with problems and gives you rediculously large toolboxes with which to solve them.  Most situations have multiple solutions depending on what upgrade paths you chose and the neat thing is that you usually have a BUNCH of ways to solve a given problem.  While I'd love an extra couple of weapons to deal with threats you really don't have any shortage of ways to dispatch enemies you encounter.I took about 45 hours to finish my first playthrough, which I did on the hardest difficulty, and with all of the sidequests I left unfinished I could have probably gotten another 7-10 hours out of the game.I usually write longer reviews but I don't want to potentially give anything away.  If you liked the Dishonored or Deus Ex games- this game is very similar, albeit with a decidedly System Shock/Dead Space vibe.  I'd highly recommend playing on the hardest difficulty- as I find it really immerses you most into the experience.  EVERY enemy encounter was memorable, especially in the early-going when you have very scant resources.  I really cannot recommend this game highly enough.  If you don't want to shell out the $60 for a new game (which I was VERY torn on because I'm cheap), at least put it in your Wish List to consider when it drops in price and goes on sale.  Games like this, that are satisfying on so many levels including the intellectual, are few and far between.  Please pick this one up..... we need to reward developers that create works of art such at this."
76561198047963738,Recommended,480490,31885456,Posted: 21 May,all,REMOVED.Inchoate,The Half-life 3 that i always wanted.
,Recommended,480490,31874362,Posted: 20 May,all,PurpleXVI,"It's a good game. Not completely flawless, but close enough that I have no doubts about recommending it to people.Pretty good length of gameplay unless you're trying to speedrun it, multiple different viable strategies, no abilities that appear to be completely useless. Though certainly some are more niche than others. Excellent sound and music design, excellent graphical design.I think my only real complaint is that I wanted MORE game. More time spent on Talos I, more station to explore, more space walks, more gunfights, more enemies, more weapons, more powers, more audio logs. Not that there was any real lack, but I could easily have swallowed another 20+ hours of Prey gameplay, so here's hoping for a sequel or some sort of very expansive DLC campaign.Mind you, for anyone who's played any sort of game like this before, and wants a challenge that really forces them to think, it may be worth skipping past the Normal difficulty and hopping up a tier of difficulty. I died a few times on Normal because I didn't know how to approach a situation, but eventually I reached a critical mass of resources and abilities that meant the main threat was me being a wimp about going into spooky dark places. I might have had more fun playing Prey on Hard.Of course, if you've got frailer nerves than me(that's a challenge, trust me) or worse reflexes(not easily accomplished either), you might want to stick with Normal."
,Recommended,480490,31895265,Posted: 21 May,all,Twisterfat,"I'm having audio problems, please patch this problem. As soon as I load up the game I can't hear anything."
,Recommended,480490,31897451,Posted: 22 May,all,SomeCallMeNomad,"Awesome game, definitely worth the $60 so far.To me, it's a great mix between Bioshock and Metroid Fusion!"
,Recommended,480490,31896267,Posted: 21 May,all,Xriah,"A more polished, modern day System Shock 2. If you loved SS2, you'll love this.For me, totally worth it at full price."
76561197987873323,Recommended,480490,31895584,Posted: 21 May,all,BetoBetoSan,This game is literally amazing at every level. Would highly recommend even at the $60 price point.
,Recommended,480490,31895485,Posted: 21 May,all,Niberung,This game restored my faith in both AAA-titles in general and Bethesda in particular. Amazing story. Amazing level design.
,Recommended,480490,31885652,Posted: 21 May,all,robert_lidster,Super game best I've played this year.
,Recommended,480490,31889323,Posted: 21 May,all,thebigschnoz,Are you a fan of the Half Life series? This is a very similar concept with some Alien:Isolation pieces mixed in. Also not as scary as I originally thought. I do love being able to have multiple routes to objectives sometimes and being able to explore and find all the occupants of the space station. I highly recommend this game.
76561198000004434,Recommended,480490,31933424,Posted: 24 May,all,spikeychoos,"If you loved the old System Shock games, then you're in for a treat. Prey feels like the spiritual successor that i've always wanted.The game play is relatively challenging, even on normal difficulty (I tried it on hard initially and had to turn it down a notch) and resource management is essential as resources are scarce. You need to plan ahead with your upgrades as you won't be able to just upgrade willy-nilly.The story is well told, but not restrictive. I spent so much time exploring, searching for materials, that i often forgot that I had things to do.Definitely a love letter to a style of game i have sorely missed. Can't recommend it highly enough."
76561198052380772,Recommended,480490,31619391,Posted: 7 May,all,CaptPunchy,"This game really took awhile to hook me, but I'm glad I gave it the time because I love it now. It's surprisingly original in a lot of ways despite being a mix of system shock, deadspace and bioshock. Story was interesting, gameplay was fun (once you get used to it) and there's a lot of replay value. Do a pacifist playthrough on nightmare if you're a real man. 9/10"
,Recommended,480490,31959024,Posted: 25 May,all,Ender,"Good game, but not much re-playability, would still suggest you buy it!"
76561198169103380,Recommended,480490,31964166,Posted: 25 May,all,Thomas Griffin,1:Exploration this game has a very unique way of allowing you to explore talos 1 rather its going through a maint hatch or finding a keycard hacking it or just riping it open(with leverage III) so the exploration is veryy interesting and fun in my opinion.2:Crafting the Crafting System is id say...interesting its simply taking thing rather its flowers or scrap wire or hell even people and turning it into this tiny little matierial cube its pretty fun and dont even get me started on Best weapon in the game...Not the Q-Beam not the pulse...thing and not even the GLOO gun But the RECYCLER CHARGE! yes...the recycler charge is like the grenade you use for going Green you can stick it to objects enemys or even people and theres also the risk of recycling yourself wich is hilarious.3:the Enemys the Typhon are a possible the most unique and fun enemys to fight the mimics are paranoia endusing the phantoms are terrifying and But by far the most annoying enemy is the cystoid nest these guys are fast radioactive and they do a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of damage.4:Overall this has a very fun and yet boring crafting system the story is a mind ♥♥♥♥ but it never failed to impressthe enemys are fun and dangerous at the same time and the weapons are fun usefull in more ways then killing every thing.and there very creative so overall id give this game a 9/10
76561198384391827,Recommended,480490,31979483,Posted: 26 May,all,xXxHANGOVERxXx,i really love this game everything about it is great you wont regret buying it :)
,Recommended,480490,31979499,Posted: 26 May,all,Twosmoke,"This game wasn't even on my radar, I wanted to spend my time in ME:Andromeda and Dawn of War III. But they both failed to deliver. Saw this game being played by Cohh (twitch streamer) it looked like a System/Bioshock game. And hell it was, it was an amazing experience. Never felt bored once; loved the pace, the art and leveldesign, the combat and especially the story."
76561198037336097,Recommended,480490,31979505,Posted: 26 May,all,rjsamways,♥♥♥♥ing love it!
,Recommended,480490,31981479,Posted: 26 May,all,Mervill,Great game! Would recommend!
76561197987069523,Recommended,480490,31980261,Posted: 26 May,all,NullLock,Prey is one of those rare games which seems to be greater than the sum of all it's parts. Thoroughly enjoyable from beginning until end.
,Recommended,480490,31975110,Posted: 26 May,all,incest_is_wincest,a great game
76561198040692932,Recommended,480490,31974689,Posted: 26 May,all,Test Subject Grey,Have you ever found yourself wanting to play System Shock 2 again but facing the unfortunate reality that the game hasn't exactly aged with grace?There is now a better way.
76561197998873955,Recommended,480490,31855130,Posted: 20 May,all,krazyivan008,"i played both prey 2006 and 2017 both are awesome 2 entirely different games tho it really is just the names that are the same i played the hell outta prey 2006 i am slso doing the same with the prey 2017 but wow just like the other comments it has the feel of system shock2 dishonored bioshock and even some half life 2 elements i highly recommend prey 2017 to everyone i garuntee 100 satisfaction you will not be disappointed ,this might actually be my GOTY .......definetly 10/10"
76561198331060435,Recommended,480490,31599832,Posted: 7 May,all,ellis.merrellellis,"I played through the first hour or so of the game and I actually really enjoyed the atmosphere and intrigue. I play most single player FPS, especially ports, with a steam controller. I noticed that the track pad was a bit stuttery in its camera movement and wanted to make a few minor tweaks for the long haul. Unfotunately I made the fatal mistake of attempting to remap two buttons and adjust a few track pad settings. The vast majority of my hours above are troubleshooting. Despite every known fix, forum, mod, big picture mode, not big picture mode, overlay and reboot, the controller always has a dead track pad in Prey. Big fun! Will update appropriately if I find a fix.EDIT: I discovered a fix. Deleting the profile files generally found under Users->Saved Games, namely the 'actionmaps' and 'profile' files, then verifying the cache, restored default control functionality for me. This will not delete your save.My thoughts on the game:1. If you approach rpgs and survival games from a no-stone-unturned playstyle, you probably won't struggle with Prey's difficulty. The game rewards attention to detail and thoroughness.2. It is nice to have a game that doesnt explain everything to you. Prey does -not- bombard you with explanations for everything. It leaves enough to the imagination, and the game has some genuine mystery to it. This is increasingly rare in the era of cinematic-style game development, and is a nice touch.3. The reticle and FOV are a bit off, depending on your physical gaming setup, but can be modified with a little research.4. Much has been said about how the enemies are ""too generic"" or ""not scary."" This is true, to an extent. The physical enemy design may not be interesting, but how they behave, hide, appear, and trick you- is. The game goes more for 'psychological thriller' than Deadspace gore.5. The game looks good, graphically. It runs at max settings on 1440 and 1600 resolutions on a GTX 1070, though others have reported stuttering with the most recent drivers."
76561198321536383,Recommended,480490,31682738,Posted: 11 May,all,MisterFish,game gets more♥♥♥♥♥♥than it deserves
,Recommended,480490,31654842,Posted: 9 May,all,Gromek999,"Good game and♥♥♥♥♥♥although in the end you run so much through rooms that half your time is literally spent in loading screensbut good game, worth the money"
,Recommended,480490,31667816,Posted: 10 May,all,Maran,"I would rate Prey 9/10.You can play however you want to ( stealth, rambo, with typhoon powers or without, hack your way through the game or explore and find all keycards and codes).It´s a challenge on highest difficulty (at least for me :-) ).Non-repetetive gameplay.I didn´t expect the game to end like this so enjoy."
,Recommended,480490,31677985,Posted: 10 May,all,StingyBanana,"So I bought this game after looking at a couple trailers, and I can honestly say after playing the first bit that it's potentially my game of the year for 2017.Worth buying at full price."
76561198139995785,Recommended,480490,31687624,Posted: 11 May,all,Mr Green,"This game is so much fun. I just finished a playthrough of normal mode and plan on playing it on the most difficult mode. This game gives you a chance to plan out your moves with a variety of neuromods weapons and routes. Definitely one of my favourite games on steam. If you like personalizing your gameplay you will like this game. I, personally, really enjoy reading little bits of story you get in notes of emails it adds so much depth to the experience."
76561198007215017,Recommended,480490,31703145,Posted: 12 May,all,telamiina,"This game surely delivers for System Shock type game fans.Scifi setting is really good, though you need to listen and read for it to get it all. Talos 1 is huge and you can wenture outside also.Also mimics make you little paranoid. Game that scares you and it is not using darkness in it!Gameplay and level design gives you loads of ways to play. My first run is full human run with nighmare diff.Some minor bugs and etc. but I am sure they will get killed. Combat gould be better but with nightmare difficulty you will use other methods.8.5/10"
,Recommended,480490,31705246,Posted: 12 May,all,BL1ndPaul,Excellent fun
76561198310507841,Recommended,480490,32026209,Posted: 28 May,all,jessthetip,"Story-rich, with Dishonored-esque character advancement. It has replaced a lot of holes in my heart left by Half-life (definitely not all). Strongly recommend."
76561197987501726,Recommended,480490,31689232,Posted: 11 May,all,chaos,"I liked the begining very much, it starts with a lot of mystery and a very bioshock-y feeling,but about half way through the game it gets kinda grindy and the enemies become bullet sponges even on medium difficulty.In my opinion, the story is weak and never gets expanded in a meaningful way, the ending feels very rushed and unrewarding, and not even connected to the rest of the game.Overall fun gameplay, but feels like a wasted opportunity in my opinion."
,Recommended,480490,31690183,Posted: 11 May,all,USS Iowa,"TL;DR Game is Great. Get ready to have your brain fried, twisted, squashed and all kinds of mind f***ery. 8/10It has great things in it and few not so great.Great Things:1. Scary early gameYou start off weak and defenseless (Even with a Shotgun from pre-order bonus).Meeting the likes of Phantom are very scary and require you to tackle them with caution.Resources are plenty, given that if you play safe and careful, you won't lose a lot of HP or Armor, and you won't use PSI since it is unlocked mid-game.There is a lot of jump-scares as you would expect from a Horror game. You can expect a little jump scare every now and then when you do not pay attention and alittle mimic attacks you while you try to pick it up...2. Action packed mid-gameThis game is a game that is not Horror-Action game, but more like Horror, then Action Game.Jumpscares are less likely to get you, since you get armed to the teeth with Pistol and Shot Gun, but also you get access to the alien powers like Kinetic Blast, Zappy Zap, Flamey Explosions and even ability to switch into objects.There is a lot of enemies to take out and it feels damn good doing so, getting a revenge on these scaries from the early game. Fights are challenging and require you to take caution, or else your HP will go to drain.Resources are less plenty, given that there is more fighting, unless you want to stick to same ol' stealth (but there are more enemies than previously and some try to hunt you down!)There are still jump scares and scary moments, especially when you get Hunted by a certain monster called Nightmare.3. Abilities and Skill TreesThe variety is great and each skill allows you to finish the game one way or another. I was totally sold on ability to change into objects. If you pick that ability up, make sure to look around for small props you can turn into and find spots where you can squeeze in. I completed one of the missions that way. I dropped a small item from my inventory (Can of Drink) and turned into it, rolling myself into locked room to unlock it from inside out.4. Everything MattersAfter completing the game, there is something during the ending that is affected by the quests you do. Try to do ALL of the Side Quests, especially timed ones. Try to save people, or kill them. It is your choice, but beware that your actions will be reflected at the end of the game.5. Multiple ways of achieving same goalThe game does not restrict you to one approach. Some places you can access in multiple of ways. Finding Keycard, moving obstacles aside. Climbing your way up with GLOO gun or turning into small prop and rolling yourself in.6. Multiple EndingsI did two so far, and I learned that there are two more. I will be trying to figure out what are they! Make sure to save often to return to the game and repeat it with different endings.Not so Great Things:1. Late GameFrom Horror-Action Game, it can quickly become a Running Simulator. Enemies you will face there (Military Operators) are such a pain to take down and with the amount of resources available to you, it feels like it is better off just use Mind Control on one of them and run by, sprinting your way to your objectives, unless your objectives require you to kill stuff, then kill it!I seriously spent most of my time running from A to B then to A and then C and then back to A than killing. In fact, you get so strong that you can just ignore everything... Of course, it could just be me being impatient and wanting to finish the game to see the ending, but I felt like I didn't had to do any fighting to get to the end.2. Sound Pop UpsAt the early game, scary, omnious sound made things scarier, made me paranoid and it was AWESOME, but during late game or even sometimes mid game, there were times where the scary music played, but there was NOTHING happening. It was misleading and it quickly killed the atmosphere for me, which might had made the end game less enjoyable.3. Military OperatorsMilitary robots that try to hunt you down. They are pain in the♥♥♥♥♥..Summary:I loved the game and I recommend it to everyone who happens to be a fan of Dead Space and games like that!"
76561198011759259,Recommended,480490,31690307,Posted: 11 May,all,nickeva30,"Great game. Large, detailed environments, with remarkable freedom to explore and devise your own solutions using the multitude of tools at your disposal. Highly recommended."
76561198041319251,Recommended,480490,31688535,Posted: 11 May,all,Solace,"Highly recommend this game, especially if you like Bioshock and Dead Space.The game ran smoothly on a slightly overclocked GTX 970m at Very High settings.Do all of the sidequests! Good environments. Ammunition and health can be scarce...and that's a good thing. Forces you to be innovative and change things up.10/10"
76561198015035265,Recommended,480490,31688794,Posted: 11 May,all,Jinngo,"Top notch game, would recommend to anyone who likes a challenging game with great story."
76561198014891776,Recommended,480490,31759199,Posted: 14 May,all,Lousy Drunk,I'll never look at a coffee mug the same way
,Recommended,480490,31760051,Posted: 14 May,all,MentalToast,I avoided almost every bit of footage after the e3 reveal trailer. I didn't expect to be excited or to buy this game at all.Once it came out I picked it up on a whim after seeing a few good reviews.This game was a complete surprise. It ran great on my system which was a nice change of pace from the issues Dishonored 2 had at launch ( i7 6700k & gtx 980ti)The gameplay is very reminiscant of Bioshock.While the story may not be as strong as it could've been I felt like it was suffienct enough.The Gameplay feels like it pays a strong homage to Half-Life and Bioshock 1 while still remaining quite challenging. Rather than a game trying to rip off other succesful titles of the past it seems more like a spiritual sequel to these games and is polished very well.I'd also like to commend them for taking the Obsidian Fallout New Vegas approach to story choices. I mean that in the sense that you can kill major story npcs to drastically change your personal expierence compared to others. The choices don't make a huge change to the end of the game but they do change your journey.
,Recommended,480490,31760123,Posted: 14 May,all,(LTB) Lord Supa,"Fun, Exciting, Want more...."
,Recommended,480490,31736929,Posted: 13 May,all,Shab,"Yet again, my only complaint with a work of Arkane Studios is that the game was too short. I cannot judge Prey against the original game due to me not having played it, but this was truly an amazing game. Yes, it has replayability, but not much considering that it would require you to go through and defeat each level again just to get an alternate ending. That's what YouTube is for.I only found a few bugs, but they had little to no effect on gameplay and others were immediately solvable:1. I got stuck behind object a lot, but it only took a bit of wiggling to get out.2. Sometimes when hovering my cursor over typhon organs on the ground it would display the text ""Huntress Boltcaster""3. Objective markers would lead me to obscure places where the objectives abolutely weren't. For instace, I kept trying to figure out why all of my main quests were leading me to a fixed locker in the Shuttle Bay.4. A couple times, I wouldn't get drunk after drinking alcohol. I didn't have anything equipped that would block the effect.5. Turrets would place down either in front of me or in my feet (unpredictable as to which if it's a broken turret) and would sometimes fly around the room, damaging what I just repaired.6. Some fires on the ground wouldn't go out no matter how many times I would Gloo them."
,Recommended,480490,31736930,Posted: 13 May,all,uNople,"It's basically system shock 3. Very immersive, with lots of little things you can discover, even after clocking it more than once.If you liked shock 2 or deus ex, then you'll probably love this game.Oh, and it's hard."
76561198126017208,Recommended,480490,31749764,Posted: 14 May,all,sayeed,Perfet mix of Dishonored & BioShock! with a hint of Dead Space in my opinion. Love it! 9/10
,Recommended,480490,31713479,Posted: 12 May,all,Joey,"Entered the game with confidence and determination, left 26 hours later with a phobia of coffee cups"
,Recommended,480490,31742593,Posted: 14 May,all,CreeperSlayer69,Fantastic game
,Recommended,480490,31599022,Posted: 7 May,all,//patch,"Old review was negative, put more hours into it and I LOVE it. It's basically Bioshock in space. But better."
76561198339704455,Recommended,480490,31748196,Posted: 14 May,all,Paul,"Great game, can't wait for Prey 2 (if there is going to be one)."
76561198065603131,Recommended,480490,31747467,Posted: 14 May,all,Broski,Goooooooooooood
76561197970364376,Recommended,480490,31757606,Posted: 14 May,all,ablazespace,"Thank you for creating this wonderful game. Nothing to complain, having an amazing time playing it."
,Recommended,480490,31757679,Posted: 14 May,all,MajorSplurt,"Push the fat guy.Solid 8.5/10. Engaging story backed by an interesting setting and memorable characters. The combat is a little underwhelming, but it can be overlooked by everything else that this game does right."
,Recommended,480490,31757215,Posted: 14 May,all,Zephyr Umbra,Amazing game.
76561198057540013,Recommended,480490,31755166,Posted: 14 May,all,Sweet Flips,"A great game that displays the depth and ability that resides within Arkane Studios.  Such incredibly good level designs. I only wish that there was a way of tracking chipsets like tge bone charm tracking method of the Dishonored series. Also more weapons and gear to fabricate, but these wishes are minor complaints in the face of an absolutely overwhelmingly good game."
,Recommended,480490,31758538,Posted: 14 May,all,SunFlower,"Got 1 crash at first 5 hours of gameplay, but I like this game."
76561198038258669,Recommended,480490,31758509,Posted: 14 May,all,DeathMetalLincoln,its good
,Recommended,480490,31758414,Posted: 14 May,all,Miracle Nachos,Bioshock by way of Dishonored.
,Recommended,480490,31760834,Posted: 14 May,all,archenemies666,Can become a roll of toilet paper...10/10 best game ever
76561198257592156,Recommended,480490,31712564,Posted: 12 May,all,(｡◕‿◕｡),Bethesda's best title since morrowind.Would mimic toilet paper for two minutes again.10/10
,Recommended,480490,31761070,Posted: 14 May,all,Princess Demolestia,"Fallout: Bioshock in space with some Mass Effect on the sideSolid 30 hours of really fun gameplay that doesn't get repetative, probably even 40 if you want to get all of the achievements.You can probably get the fastest ending in like two hours or so, didn't try tho.Story is is fun, gameplay is fun, abilities are fun...None of this matter because of...SPOILER ALERT...you are not Yu. All of it was just a simulation of Morgan's memory and none of your desicion made any difference. Earth looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ apocalypse already happened, so it doesn't matter who you decided to save or kill and what ending you chose. Even the gender that you chose in first minute of the game doesn't matter because, you are not Yu."
76561198021875045,Recommended,480490,31762457,Posted: 14 May,all,Succubae,Very Great game Loved every minute of it.... Time for round 2 hehe
76561197978576489,Recommended,480490,31761612,Posted: 14 May,all,DevilRED,Prey makes up for the existence of Mass Effect 3.
76561198367884011,Recommended,480490,31762353,Posted: 14 May,all,Chaotic Crimson,"This is the first time I've reviewed a game on steam, mostly because I've never felt a need to actually leave one.Prey was a game I spotted in February and (as a major Deadspace/Bioshock fan) I immediatly fell in love with it based on the short clip and description, when I went to buy it I was dissapointed to find it wasn't coming out until May.So let's get into the actual review.10/10 would introduction againThis game has perhaps one of the best introductions I've ever seen. Not only is it gorgeous but it made me feellikeMorgan Yu, excited for his first day on the job. Let's leave it at that, saying anymore about the intro is even a spoiler. The spoiler ahead is a small personal touch and is worded to avoid revealing anything but if you are good at reading into things I advise not opening it.Later on in a certain computer you can even find a log of what you did before taking your helicopter ride. For example I ran his shower and it was in the log, which as small as it might be, was a nice touch.The overall atmoshpere and theatmosphereThe atmoshpere in Prey has not left me dissapointed at all. It reminds me of the first few hours in Deadspace or your first spider splicer you have to fight in Bioshock, except it's not the first few hours. It is a constant fear until you either learn the audio cues of the game, or until you get to psychotronics which arguably adds on even more tension.This tension is brought on almost ironically by the most common, small, and weak enemy. If you are reading this review you've probably read others, most of them mention this little ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ we have all come to...HATE! Yes, I am talking about the Mimic. These little demon spawns are going to be the first thing you encounter on Talos I. They are like a bad song Xzibit once wrote, they multiply. And don't think you can get rid of them by clearing out a room, on a lot occasions activating anything main story related will bring in more enemies. Just to make matters worse, on hard dificulty they will shred you like a cheap wig with just 1 of them.Remember when I said it was like Deadspace? Well remember the space walks in Deadspace 3? You're going to do it again, and if you haven't you're in for a treat. This is perhaps one of the best parts of the game for me. There aren't many enemies outside of Talos and the views are breathtaking, not Mass Effect Andromeda level but I digress. This also gives you a good idea of how big the station really is fairly early on.The emotions of PreyThe main story is full of small twists and turns that will keep you wondering just what you have gotten yourself into however the side stories/missions are where things will really get interesting.Throughout the game you will find small side stories ect. that can just hit you right in the gut. The best place to find these are on computer terminals and audio logs. Keep your eyes out early on, you thought the introduction hit you in the feels? Just you wait till you learn more about your predicament.To Arms men! To arms!The combat of Prey is an interesting mechanic that deserves it's own section in this review. Seeing as it was developed by Arkane, there are a lot of the systems/trees (somewhat unfortunately) from dishonored.The detection system is fairly realistic for a game that isn't really a stealth/rogue game. Now don't let that trick you, early on stealth will most likely be your best friend and you may carry it till the end if you please. However, much like Metal Gear Solid V (this game has an almost notoriously small amount of non-lethal weaponry in my opinion), the game gives you lots of direct weapons and not a lot for avoiding enemies. The most you'll get for stealth are increasing the damage of your sneak attacks and silencing your foot steps (later on in the alien abilites you can mimic objects also).However if you want to play ""Return to Deadspace"" and be an unstoppable weapon slinging maniac with, later on, alien powers... The game will fully encourage you to do so. Giving you a very wide selection of weapons, abilites, and passives to aid you in that.I can't fairly judge how fair the combat system is though, I have only played on hard difficulty so I can't tell you if your weapons vs them scale very well. But considering I can still kill anything fairly easily I will assume this game is safe to play on it's lowest difficulty if you just want to experience the amazing story.To replay, or not to replay?The replay value of this game, even though I have not finished it yet, is worth exactly 1 replay for non-completionists. I say this because the story has 2 main branches. I would recomend doing both seeing as it's always fun to find out what could have been.However if you are a completionist and are familiar with Arkane Studios, then you my reader have a lot or very little work to do. There are a few achievements put in place to force you to play multiple times to get them and much like dishonored it can be done multiple at a time. These are; Killing all the humans, not killing any humans, (this is tied in as one) completing the game only using typhon powers and completing the game only using human powers, complete the game without using any human or typhon powers, and more. If you wanted to do this as fast as possible you could get all of them in 3 playthroughs, possibly 2 seeing as I haven't finished I can't give you a solid number since I'm not sure of a few others and how they tie into the game yet.Hardware problemsLots of players have had issues with this game, some people so much so that they can't play it. As always check the recommended specs and I highly recommend that you demo it (if they still have that up, I'm sure they do since Arkane is generous with them). If you can't demo it remember to return it in steam within 2 hours and buy it again when it's been fixed if you still want to play.My specs are an i5-7500, asus rog strix 1080, and 16gb of ram and I'm running the game on ultra in 1080p without any frame drops below 60.My personal issues are 2 crashes when fighting phantoms, however I didn't have this on every single phantom fight. This ""combat freeze"" as they called it was just patched so rejoice.Overall ratingI would give this game a solid 7/10. My reasons for this are fairly straight forward.1. I have been waiting for a game that was like deadspace and bioshock forever, sci-fi horror shooters are pretty uncommon.2. The amount of science involved in the game countered by the mundane emails flesh out the game and make it feel more believable.3. The enemies in the game have a very well created design despite there not being very many models of them.4. The story is enough to make me feel like I'm living it.5. The combat has enough variations to truly have a choice rather than using the same method all the time.6. Combinations, a lot of the time later on, require actual problem solving to find.This score will be updated once I have completed the game and may be bumped down to a 6/10 or up to a 9/10 depending on the ending.I also apologize for the amount of Deadspace/Bioshock comparisons but this game makes it very difficult not to."
,Recommended,480490,31762784,Posted: 14 May,all,magor2003,"FPS Metroidvania - sure it has it's problems, but I was willing to overlook them based on how interesting I find the premise of the game. It's been fun"
76561198012039769,Recommended,480490,31763209,Posted: 14 May,all,Citizen,"With only 2 rounds of 9mm remaining, I decide that the Weaver has won this fight and I turn away to propel myself towards the nearest airlock.   Gravity normalizes as the airlock doors close. With my feet finally fastend to the floor I resume my hunt for ammunition with confidence.In the room at the far end of the hall, there appears to be a security station. ""There has to be ammo there"", I think.Phantom murmers remind me to make a  stealthy approach, so I pull myself up onto the pipes and approach the room from above. Two phantoms are lumbering around the room below.Quietly, I move directly over a ruptured power generator that is spewing archs of electricity.  I drop from the pipes just beyond the reach of the lethal tendrils.   The phantoms didn't notice, so i jump up and down a few times, trying to make some noise.  Still nothing. I scan my suroundings and find no trash to throw. So, I pull out my pistol and fire one 9mm round at a nearby pipe.  That worked, both phantoms are alert. Quickly, I switch to my gloo cannon. As they run by the ruptured generator, I gloo them in place, one after another .  Smiling, I stand back and watch as they are electrocuted.  I can almost smell the burning typhon flesh.With the threats eliminated, i proceed to break the window of what I originally thought was a security station.  But there are no weapons here, only terminals, a bannana peel and one locker that contains a burnt circuit board and three 9mm rounds.It was totally worth it."
76561198038969593,Recommended,480490,31779352,Posted: 15 May,all,Snark,"Good enough plot, Bioshock atmosphere, System Shock flavour on backtracking and exploration while levels are multi-paths similar to Deus Ex (good one).Overall - yeah, I definitely recommend this game for anybody who recognizes the names above. For anybody else - this is not your Call of Honor, don't rush and actually read some text for a minute."
76561198040495310,Recommended,480490,31780400,Posted: 15 May,all,LordBritishLP,"While a good story in a video game is not the most important thing to me, this game has great enviromental story telling, the game gives you a huge amount of info and backstory if you care to look for it, and Talos 1 certainly feels very lived in. So right of the bat I would say this game has huge atmosphere, and that is only hightened by the games enemies who do feel threatning, a lot of people complain that combat is the weakest element of this game, but I feel it's designed that way on purpose to make the typhons feel like a threat. and honestly if you focuse your intended build it's honestly not that bad, at least I don't think it's as bad as others say it is. My only complaint in the enemy department is the military operaters towards the end of the game, as they are designed to be pure bs, and in my view is the weakest part of the game. The finale lead up to the ending I think is fine. The post credits ending is a little disapointing, but if you ignore that part and focus on the rest of the game. I had a huge amount of fun, and I'm no where near done with the game, as it is built for multiple play throughs, with trying different builds. If you wanted a short review then here it is. This game is a hoot and worth the money."
76561198149894114,Recommended,480490,31780294,Posted: 15 May,all,ღ The Gentleman ღ,kinda like skyrim with guns tbh
,Recommended,480490,31780303,Posted: 15 May,all,BIRD BIRD KILL IT,"I never played either of the original System Shock games, so I can't speak to how well Prey scratches that particular nostalgia itch, but if you're a fan of survival horror games with a reasonably heavy resource management component, you will love this game. It's reminiscent of Deus Ex - every problem has multiple solutions, but you can easily find yourself out of ammo, health kits, and suit repair kits if you try to go in guns blazing all the time.Great graphics, really interesting mechanics, and super fun exploration - give this one a go."
,Recommended,480490,31734486,Posted: 13 May,all,Ze Muffinman,"Great game, a few funny bugs but no game is bug free especially in the first week.Grreat graphics, great story, great gameplay, great sound"
,Recommended,480490,31735289,Posted: 13 May,all,Hey You!,"Just finished a few minutes ago and I am feeling pretty satisfied with this game. I would say that Prey is in fact a worthy successor to System Shock 2, with the right kind of atmosphere and a detailed space station for you to pick apart. Prey's writing also feels solid to me, and I was impressed with the way Arkane foreshadowed their plot twists.I think my only real complaint with Prey 2017 is that the game goes overboard with objective reminders. You can turn off the markers in your objectives list, but you'll still get popups every time the objective updates and it feels a bit hand-holdy.Overall Prey certainly feels like a labor of love. You can tell, I think, that the developers really wanted to make a great immersive sim. Prey is going on my favorite games list, and I think Arkane is going to join my favorite developers list right next to Obsidian and Larian Studios.And don't think I didn't notice your Arx Fatalis references, Arkane. ""Fatal Fortress"" indeed."
,Recommended,480490,31735478,Posted: 13 May,all,AHRI,DONT SLEEP
76561197981037069,Recommended,480490,31735651,Posted: 13 May,all,lynxart,"In few words it's bioshock set in space or what could be first dead space if being a sandbox game. Its plot twists and characters development reminiscence of another horror-like game – soma, though prey’s not so deep or emotionally refined. Some aspects are sometimes thin, like human NPCs, which are dumber than robots or battle mechanics. Other things could be developed better – the variety of monsters or robots is low, which is shame, given the brilliant typhoon concept. The horror component loses momentum towards the end. Though visuals are not top notch, the design is nice in its eclectics, in some locations the Talos I looks indeed like a space station, though loading screens distillate a little bit the immersion. It’s like the developer tried its best but had limited budget. The game has some flaws, but is still good. I wonder what Arcane will say in their next prey game if it follows. They have a lot of possible ideas to explore."
76561198011014755,Recommended,480490,31733696,Posted: 13 May,all,Broom,"An amazing game, theres nothing to not like about it.Pros:Great story, characters and dialog - (really intresteting that will keep you wanting to know more and more)Great visuals and runs perfectly (gtx 970)Great level designGreat and fun weapons with modifactionsGreat missions with maany optional mission that are equally as good as main story missionsCons:Goodbye irl life.GOTY?"
,Recommended,480490,31736722,Posted: 13 May,all,Legion,"I don't normally write reviews, but when I do, the game must be super freakin' awesome. 100% worth $60."
,Recommended,480490,31736724,Posted: 13 May,all,Raven Cries,"Wonderful game that kept me engaged throughout the main story and for quite a few of the side missions.  Dangles just enough rope in front of you for you to hang yourself, while leaving the sissors just barely within reach.The game is a nice cross between the original Fear, Half-Life and Bioshock Infinite with its spooky setting, great sound design, a narrative worth following and interesting characters along the way.  Not to mention a twisted ending.  Game is at its best if approached without spoilers."
76561198000256763,Recommended,480490,31635041,Posted: 8 May,all,abvolt,"As a fan of this genre I want to say that the game is really fun, and I would suggest this game to all, especially fans of the genre. I am about half way through this game and running a R9 295x2 @ 1440p on the highest settings and I am easily staying well above 90 fps. This game is well worth your time & money. The only Con I can see with this game is the replayability appeal, There is none..enjoy"
,Recommended,480490,31736008,Posted: 13 May,all,Hairy Gluteus Maximus,Prey was an amazing experience that everyone should at the very least try out. This game does not hold your hand and one must use their wit to survive and over come the many challenges this game throws at you.My first play through took around 35 hours with almost all of the side objectives completed. Within the first three hours I was hooked. My playthrough only consisted of human abilites and I managed to get the best ending out of the several available outcomes that depend on the players choices.The recycling system in this game is such a charm and I never found my self short of ammunition for my weapons. The difficulty ramps up perfectly and you never feel too overpowered when in combat. The game also provides you with the neccesary tools to help the typhon meet their maker in combat but it also allows one to avoid combat all together. I went with the kick♥♥♥♥♥and chew bubble gum playstyle and the combat was top notch in my opinion.Overall Prey was just a blast to play and experience.
,Recommended,480490,31744700,Posted: 14 May,all,NaCl,So much to explore. So much to do. The only problem I have with it is the lack of new game + and the fact that it ended.
,Recommended,480490,31781720,Posted: 15 May,all,Ultimus Romanorum,"Preface:im glad bethesda withheld review copies of this game, it showed how confident they were with thier product and they had right to be this game is amazing and very well thought out.with that said, completely disregard the reviews from ign and game spot thier just bad, if you dont believe me watch the gameplay video from th game spot review and judge for yourself.The Review:The Narrative (oh god the narrative):the game is a story about you and Yu, the way prey approcahes the narrative portion of the game is in a ""if this was you, what would you do?"" fashion, which can only be acheived by the unique scenario Morgan Yu finds him/herself in. the choices and descion making in this game are only trumped by the likes of Vampire: The masquerade, its all about naunce, the result is a game that plays less like a choose your own adventure book and more like a story, your answers are your actions, what you do and tactily don't is how you will define Yu.The Combat:this game does survival horror well, rather than try to petrify you with terror (and fail miserably breaking immersion) its settles for the definition of horror instead, that is a perptual state of alarm, and this enhances the game play by making you pay attention, your senses are you first line of defense; you can hear every enemy in this game if your in proximity, you can see signs of even the most illusive aggressor long before a fight starts, the subtle changes in the game seek in install a sense of dread (slightly darker screen, quiter ambience). These features alone arent game changing, but the premise that dominates the narrative is prevolent here too ""if this where you, what would you do?""  you can go in guns blazing a more costly but effective approach, or use the myraid aceltyne tanks and hydogen pipes to your advantage, perhaps you'll just stick tot he shadows and sneak by, or circumvent an area entirely utilizing the level design, your approach is upto Yu.Final Word:the game is very well desgined, npcs will comment on your every action (even responding in shock if you do something your not supposed to or find a way around a percieved obstacle). This however does not make the game perfect however, if you play this game like a fps you'll have a bad time, this game is not in the slightest way friendly, and thus takes some getting used to and isnt for everyone. Furthurmore the narrative is all about You playing yu, if you try to rely on other npcs to dazzle you and dominate the story you will be dissappointed (this game is more a sim than an rpg) it depends on you to immerse your self with its constant questions and intrigues. However the game all in all holds up its very well excuted and the events that unfold demand that you revisit Talos 1 when all is said and done with renewed insight.Tl;drits real good"
76561198001751765,Recommended,480490,31781099,Posted: 15 May,all,Takareer,"I expected this game to be ""pretty okay"", but was blown away by how great it was. Definitely my favourite game in a long while now.The gameplay is good, but the real praise should go to the storyline and atmosphere. The ""but what happens NEXT"" feeling kept me coming back to this game whenever I had free time, and it has very good music and visuals.Prey also benefits strongly from re-use of its setting. Since everything takes place aboard the Talos 1 space station, not only does everything feel interconnected, but it also lends consequence to the story progression. At the beginning the player might be tempted to think that their skills can hold back the aliens on their own, but re-exploring the same areas to find everything getting worse makes it clear that -unless you stop it- the situation will progress to an unpleasant conclusion. This also, personally, made me care about the situation and characters more than in many other games.I would certainly recommend this game."
,Recommended,480490,31778290,Posted: 15 May,all,FrankenPC,"Short of it:  The game was entertaining, the graphics were excellent, and the enemies were interesting and challenging.  Overall It was worth the AAA cost.Cons: PC keyboard/mouse control is convoluted.  It needs work.  There is nothing I hate more than being forced to use the enter key with no re-mapping capability.  Also,Towards the end, I got a little tired of running over the same places over and over and over again.	Finally, I wish there were a few different variations of the mobs.  Maybe in a DLC pack we'll see more.  I also wish the game was longer.  That's really my fault though.  If I had done all the side quests it would have take quite some time.  But again, that would have meant covering the same ground even more than I already had."
76561198282294684,Recommended,480490,31778478,Posted: 15 May,all,philip.scotia,"Great game. I wish it had multiplayer function, but storyline, sound, atmosphere, and everything about it is solid. I recommend this game."
,Recommended,480490,31620157,Posted: 8 May,all,no bully,a compelling story about space lesbians and their dnd sessions
76561198163945929,Recommended,480490,31687112,Posted: 11 May,all,safeairplane911.9,"Games good, however one of the main questlines is bugged right now, i have to destroy a robot on the outside of the ship, but the questmarker is gone. It apparently goes away if you die or change areas. Many other users are experiencing this too, The mission happens right around the time you get a timed mission as well, which seems to guarentee the marker disappearingEdit: A update has abeen released that stops this marker from disappearing, but if you already have this happen, it doesn't fix it yet."
76561197975874187,Recommended,480490,31775398,Posted: 15 May,all,Daiyousei9,"I'll keep it short and to the point.  This game invokes the feeling of playing the original Bioshock, but much more terrifying, with better exploration and immersion, and in SPPPAAAACE.  The story is better than any movie I've seen recently.  This game scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me a few times.My advice for enjoying the full experience:  Turn off all the lights.  Wear headphones.  Turn the sound up.  Don't be afraid to explore or see where your curiosity leads  you, they've hidden things all over the place.Notes on technical aspects:The game is well optimized even in 4K, the sound is directional to the point that wearing a 7.1 logitech headset makes it almost sound like things are happening right behind you.  This is a full game with a great experience, well worth the price."
,Recommended,480490,31774633,Posted: 15 May,all,RideTheSoulPole,"An excellent blend of scares, surprises, exploration, and combat. The environments are simple yet beautiful; they are filled with countless quests and activities that will keep you coming back for more. I have encountered several technical issues so far, but nothing truly game breaking. Overall this is wonderful game, filled with RPG/Open World/FPS elements that any gamer will love."
,Recommended,480490,31772420,Posted: 15 May,all,3StoneBlue (iAngel),"So, I've finished my first playthrough, and honestly, I really enjoyed this game. Was 27.8 hours on my first playthrough, and I know there are other playthrough styles that I can still go through.I saw that therew was a 'Horror' tag in the tags, but was happy to find it focused more on the story than a multitude of scary things. A few jump scares at the most, but they weren't forced.PROS:- Great grpahics.- Didn't notice any/if not, few glitches.- Good gameplay,- Tons of incentive to explore, both for items and to find out more of the stories within the story.- Enemies are challenging enough (for my tastes at least.)CONS:- Enemy types can get a little repetitve.- January is a nosy little♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198047233776,Recommended,480490,31624697,Posted: 8 May,all,44,"For me, this is the best game of the decade. This game was a real surprise for me.Incredible atmosphere, really nice storyline and, even more surprisingly, the gameplay is really awesome.The only thing that is bad in this game is the hacking minigame, it sucks."
,Recommended,480490,31783509,Posted: 16 May,all,MasterQueeferino,Really enjoyed it but didn't do much of the side quests or exploring.. So I'm hoping they have a new game plus type thing that comes out.
76561198070241514,Recommended,480490,31615504,Posted: 7 May,all,John,Love this game.  So much fun!
76561198323327725,Recommended,480490,31794097,Posted: 16 May,all,DynamoDuo,I love this game. Yet again Bethesda Brings an amazing storyline with fun gameplay. The combat mechanics are moderately simple and depends on skill. If your on the edge of buying it. Do it!! It cannot disapoint.
,Recommended,480490,31806442,Posted: 17 May,all,<_Nega_Nebulus_>,IT'S GOOD!
76561198040022281,Recommended,480490,31764383,Posted: 15 May,all,Draklore Arkus,Basically bioshock with aliens in space. I would reccomend this to a friend and will most likely bother them to play.overall I would say 9/10There were some quests that were bugged and that bothered me towards the end durring cleanup. one of the transitions between normal grav and micrograv bugged and kept switching between the two. eventually it fixed itself.between scraping by for ammo and jumping because of everyday object. I loved this game. will play again.
,Recommended,480490,31764283,Posted: 15 May,all,Vidrohi,"I hesitate to call Prey a 'great' game. It is definitely quite good, checks a lot of check boxes ,but something seems to be missing. Hard to put my finger on it but something is definitely missing.Perhaps it was the interesting but brief ending, perhaps it was the combat that was wayy janky until I got into psi abilities but something was definitely off.That being said, it is definitely one of the better games to have come out in the recent past and definitely deserves a play (just not sure whether I would ever replay this)"
76561197970345813,Recommended,480490,31763792,Posted: 15 May,all,Hotpot,"This is a game I've been waiting for since System Shock 2. Sure, I liked the Bioshocks but this, this IS for all intents and purposes, System Shock 3.It captures perfectly the isolation and paranoia of being trapped on a space station with an unspeakable threat. The character development via neuromods is sublime. The choice of dealing with a problem in several ways is satisfying. The graphics are very pretty and it runs like a dream with no hiccups on maximum settings.My only criticism thus far is the hacking ability. From Level 2 onward, I just find it too frustrating and difficult. I think that the time limit for these hacks should be increased as I'm struggling to succeed with mouse and keyboard and often don't even attempt it now.But this game and it's atmosphere has me hooked."
,Recommended,480490,31762142,Posted: 14 May,all,Dr_Yong,Exquisitely fine game. 10/10. Worth the $80.
76561198004178867,Recommended,480490,31721227,Posted: 13 May,all,Lastie,I can't think of another game where I have cautiously thrown a toilet roll at another toilet roll... just in case.
,Recommended,480490,31724392,Posted: 13 May,all,Mr. Skeltal,This was a great single player experience. It really drives home that wanting to have two campaign runs just so you are able to try out everything. It's a fun time.
76561198250015270,Recommended,480490,31716080,Posted: 12 May,all,ENGLAND IS MY CITY,very fun so far
,Recommended,480490,31726775,Posted: 13 May,all,Falstad,"Prey gets a lot of praise for being a spiritual successor to System Shock 2,  and while that's true it also succeeds in being great without needing to stand on the shoulders of giants."
,Recommended,480490,31726202,Posted: 13 May,all,Chibe,"+Great atmosphere+Superb voice acting+Wonderful environmental storytelling+Decent crafting system+Incredible level design+Really fun abilties+Great optimization-Okay gunplay-Somewhat predictable endingOverall, great game, would highly recommend it."
76561197973811365,Recommended,480490,31725557,Posted: 13 May,all,Teapot,"The story is great, the graphic style is great, the missions keep me interested. Im having a hard time turning off the game as I always wanted to do ""just one more side mission"". It reminds me alot of System Shock 2 and Bioshock, which is great.This game seems to receive pretty bad ratings at sites like IGN or GameSpot, and I just cant understand it.This game is a better Bioshock than Bioshock Infinite, thats for sure."
,Recommended,480490,31720250,Posted: 13 May,all,Skrýtinn,Amazing Story amzing gameplay
76561198047867450,Recommended,480490,31716318,Posted: 12 May,all,lukesps,"If you are like me and did not purchase this on day one, while instead scouted Twitch and heard a bunch of buzz without buying in. Well let me try to convince you-Many cite Bioshock and System Shock 2 as obvious inspirations, and this is true. Talos 1, while perhaps not as unconventional as the undersea utopia, is presented in this game with staggering innovation and character, such that you will find odd comfort in exploring the uncomfortable. The feeling I remember the most out of Rapture.But there are two other games which recieve less mention in drawing this game's inspiration - Half Life 2 and Portal. Throughout your journey you will encounter situations in your immediate environment that can be solved through a multitude of ways, particularly with the Glue Cannon, with which interactions draw memories of Gravity Gun shenanigans mixed with Portal-like contexts. Across the varying environments, you will face many, many obstacles, but thinking outside the box, thinking vertically, or simply thinking if a certain something can be done will often leave you rewarded.This game is NOT for those who clamor a run-and-gun experience. Combat is unforgiving and often rewards creatively pre-planning and encounter. If you hold  any of the games mentioned in warm memory, this game is not just the ""fix"" that it is getting called like, this game brings a lot of weight of its own and a great many surprises. This is gamecraft at its finest."
,Recommended,480490,31617566,Posted: 7 May,all,Reverence,"First off, I think this game is amazing....I've enjoyed it very much, but about halfway through the game it became unplayable. I cannot load into the game without it crashing. I have done everything possible to fix this, but the game is broken. Do not buy this until they patch it........THEY PATCHED IT YAY"
76561198033803475,Recommended,480490,31715409,Posted: 12 May,all,Locke,Awesome.
76561198048629644,Recommended,480490,31718205,Posted: 13 May,all,diomede,"Deep gameplay, compelling story, meaningful choices, immersive atmosphere....System Shock 2 twenty years later.9.5/10"
76561197970329460,Recommended,480490,31713315,Posted: 12 May,all,Aeneas2020,"Will write a full review later. Just finishe my first play through but it definately won't be my last. As others have said combines bioshock, system shock, half life, Dues Ex and several more to create a truly lived in feeling world. Could potentially be a GOTY. No bugs or glitches at all for me.9/10"
,Recommended,480490,31713282,Posted: 12 May,all,RhoydRayge,"A very deep and engrossing game, left me very satisfied with the ending. I Recommend it."
76561197982949497,Recommended,480490,31714663,Posted: 12 May,all,Untranslate,"I am surprised to say that I would recommend Prey. I was not expecting much based-on advertisements and only bought it on a whim.  I just finished the campaign which took me near 40 hours, though that was with a lot a messing around and lots of recycling.Pros:+Good opening to get you interested in the story campaign.+Great level design with multiple solutions to most problems.+Good atmosphere. The mimics surprised me quite a few times when I got complacent.+The characters/cast are good+Character development is deep for an FPS, offering many different play styles.+Good ending twist.Cons:+A few quest bugs.+The music was fine at first but gets annoying when it plays overly dramatic “scary” music every time you run though a trigger area. (especially the right wing of the stairs in arboretum).+A flying-ATX-super-tower-PC believing I would think twice about smashing it.+Very brief ending cut. (I prefer quality to quantity)."
76561198105946164,Recommended,480490,31596876,Posted: 6 May,all,Philboswaggens,I would definitely recommend this game its fun and I like it. The game is very much like dishonored 2 so if you didnt like that than I would not recomend.
,Recommended,480490,31710740,Posted: 12 May,all,FunBotan,"We could divide all horrors in two categories. You start both running from monsters or fighting them with your trusty shotgun. The difference is about how the story progresses. Type 1 horrors end at just that. But type 2s have a much deeper, truly horrifying layer that is slowly revealed to the players as a reward for their attemts to understand what's really going on. The latter is the case with Prey.These monsters will try their best to scare you, and mimics disguising themselves as resourses only to jump at your face as you try to pick them up may even accomplish this. But all their attempts slowly fade out as you begin to understand that the most dangerous, frightful and abhorrent creature on the station is_you_.In fact, no human has ever envisioned a creature so evil that no other human could surpass it if given the same powers. We either create a race of equally evil sentient aliens, or mindless swarms devouring everything on their path, or mixes of both. Why? Because it's easy to be the most evil. A regular human can achieve that. No effort is needed to fall to the bottom, but climbing back up is barely possible.And that's what you'll be doing in Prey."
76561197969267280,Recommended,480490,31716995,Posted: 12 May,all,Digital Niq,"This game is a not a love letter to those famous games of old everyone else is throwing around in his or her reviews, no, this game is a love letter to the hardcore gamer. There is minimal hand-holding and virtually useless tutorials. It is hard, the more powerful you get, the more powerful your enemies become, and the more numerous. Ammo and health are scarce and only the truly strong and tenacious can survive even on frigging normal. Which by the way, if you're a beginner gamer, meaning you played Bioshock on hard, you can just forget about that here. Might as well turn down to easy, or be prepared to face endless loading screens. This game is tough and demands the same in return. It's feast or famine with resources so budget accordingly. Don't blow through lots of bullets just because you have them. ""Play as you want,"" but first timers should emphasize gun upgrades. You'll thank yourself. The game is tough enough to make small victories feel rewarding, but not too tough that you'll end up rage quitting. You can always backtrack and gather more resources, but be mindful that there are only so many on a space station, and you will need something for a rainy day.Solving the mystery of what happened on Talos I, was ultimately what drove me through the game. There are so many different stories woven together. This is a very mature game with deep meaningful philosphical, meta cognitive bovine excrement type stuff going on, if you want it, or you can shoot your way to the/an end. Speaking of ""end,"" I refuse to comment on the end of the game as I think saying anything about it totally prejudices the gamer. You'll have to see for yourself. That being said, ultimately, I was disappointed. However, the experience getting there, my progression through the slowly decaying and deforming station, was as close as I've ever come to glory days of old PC gaming. Prey is one of the best games I've played in years. Not scary like Alien Isolation, but terrifying in a totally cerebral way. I can't wait to play it again, to see what I missed.*Damn! The critics have been harsh on this one. Even IGN who are usually good for an easy '8;'  fricking 4 out of 10. No. This is not a 40% game. This is one of the best games of the year, and while that's not saying much as it's only May, this game is certainly not the trash the big critics are passing it off as. I can see a true cult following developing from this game."
76561197991331276,Recommended,480490,31730321,Posted: 13 May,all,otacon237x,"i have about 17 hours (ish) in game as of writing this review. i'm going to talk about some stuff, but the tl;dr is this:did you enjoy bioshock? if the answer to that question is ""yes"", stop reading this review, go buy the game and enjoy itthat's basically what this is, a more modern bioshock in space with some cool mechanics worked in. i personally did enjoy bioshock and will recommend this game whole-heartedly. it's not a ""perfect"" game (if there even is such a thing), and your enjoyment of it will depend a lot on your playstyle.pros:extremely well optimized, runs 100FPS + with vsync turned off on a GTX 1080 even with Dxtory recording in the background. that said the graphics aren't super crazy next gen so that's partially whycool story brocool environment - if you like to take it slow, appreciate everything the devs put in, just SOAK up the game, then this is the game for youinteresting mechanics like mimics, looking glass, zero g environments, gloo gun, recycler charges, nerf dart launcher, etcopen ended, you can more or less explore the whole station, obviously some areas are blocked off at the start but you can lose yourself just exploring and climbing walls with the gloo gun, etcplay your way - you can come up with various crazy builds and playstyles, i haven't gotten TOO far in the game yet so idk if your neuromods will be limited or if you turn out super godly with every power at the end but so far you can make some interesting choices in terms of how you playcons:graphics aren't SPECTACULAR, not really a con but worth mentioningfallout syndrome - inventory management can get boring, especially if you're the type that likes to pick up everything and horde stuff, will lose HOURS of gameplay collecting banana peels and scraps of paper then running them back to the recycler, rinse and repeatsome neuromods feel imbalanced - why bother speccing the strength neuromod to move an object out of your way when you can drop one of the numerous explosive containers next to it and blow it out of the way. throwing stuff at your enemies half-life gravity gun style is a fun thought but really there is no need, even on nightmare mode 99% of the time you can find some crap lying around and craft yourself a ton of ammo(minor spoiler alert)some of the suit upgrades vs neuromods feel imbalanced and a bit non-sensical. do you REALLY need to inject alien DNA directly into your brain to make your suit carry more items or so you can upgrade your guns better? that really makes no sense to me. most of the suit upgrades are more or less a minor direct buff in some way, there's not a whole lot of complex decision making. it's not ""do i want more stealth or do i want more armor"", or something like that. it's ""do i want slightly less fall damage or do i not want slightly less fall damage"". not exactly a hard decision.gunplay feels dated - pretty typical for bioshock style games. a lot of people compare this to Dead Space but i feel other than the setting, it's really not there. Dead Space was innovative in the weapons and how you kill your enemies with the dismemberment and them changing their behavior based on whether you cut off an arm, leg, head etc. this is nothing like that. from what i can tell most enemies are varying degrees of bullet sponges, shoot em till they die, weapons so far are nothing to write home about, typical melee pistol shotgun various stun weapons and grenades, etc. even bioshock had SOME customization in terms of ammo types, upgrades would show up on your gun, very shallow gun upgrade system in general here, no ADS etc. there is a zoom mode that is available right away but it more helps you with aiming than actually making the gun handle better. if you're not an FPS junkie like me that might not be a big deal.takes some ""player responsibility"" to full enjoy the game - typical of open ended games, it's hard to explain. you can spend hours hording materials and make yourself powerful early on and make the game feel boring or burn out on it. you can stick to one ability or weapon that you're comfortable with and not really get a variety of gameplay. it's kind of on you.OVERALL CONCLUSIONS - despite it's flaws i really enjoy this game, it makes me want to play it more. i think a few more months in the oven to flesh out some of the abilities and upgrades and a bit more balancing would have been beneficial. but overall, it is still a very solid title and i don't mind recommending it to anyone."
76561198030516043,Recommended,480490,31730353,Posted: 13 May,all,ComradeFidja,"Wow, just wow! What a game! An example for all companies how to make a good solid game. Great gameplay and story, 15+ hours  and nostalig vibes of Half Life 2.This game worth a buy! If you like Deus Ex, Half Life , Dishonored ------> this game for you.Time well spent...."
76561198040785125,Recommended,480490,31729055,Posted: 13 May,all,spacedout,that ending... omg that ending. i would play it over again just for that twist.
76561198056874010,Recommended,480490,31731510,Posted: 13 May,all,Straps,"I have purchased 143 games on steam thus far, I've only ever completed 18 of them, Prey is among that list.About to start my second playthrough."
76561198030742987,Recommended,480490,31729678,Posted: 13 May,all,wgasa,"played 2 hours. spent an hour and a half beating random pieces of furniture to death, just in case."
76561198064666032,Recommended,480490,31738989,Posted: 13 May,all,NateFr0,"Great game. A little repetative but very fun, good ending, and a lot of stories to find if you look for them."
76561198024338968,Recommended,480490,31656684,Posted: 9 May,all,//Guerilla,"I will elaborate further later when I have more time to write.The game is good. If you like Bioshock, Human Revolution, or Dishonoured then you'll like this.The only real difference between them gameplay wise is the gunplay isn't as pretty. Otherwise, great game.UPDATE: I have completed the game and can safely say this is one of the best games I've played in a long time. There are great parallels drawn between some amazing games  (see above, and many more).There ARE a few glitches that can sometimes be annoying, but for the most part the game is excellent and you will be able to look past the issues. I suggest using all 20 saves each file gives you because you may find yourself wanted to do something differently at some point or recovering from a glitch.Any bugs aside, and there are only a few, the game shines in all the right places.8.5/10 HIGHLY RECOMMEND"
76561197973223492,Recommended,480490,31795530,Posted: 16 May,all,Pasta,"Game is Fun and cool things like many ways to do things and finding new guns and stuff.Story was cool but game was pretty short i played it in  16hours and i was looting and watching all kind graphics related things so not any speedrun etcGraphics is not any hitech like crysis was (This is cry engine afterall)  Human models and shaders looks so ugly, Mouth animation are terrible every person feels dead including dead people :Dperformance is 4/5 some areas makes fps drop to 12 and jumping alltime back to normal 90 fps with my gtx970 its just optimize thing nothing too bad.There is good change u play story again to test new things etc but it is not that fun when u know the story and things related on it.Not maybe prize worthy atmOverall Game is 4/5"
,Recommended,480490,31791295,Posted: 16 May,all,Allot,"Visuals: While face animations were a little on the lacking side for a game of this level the graphics are otherwise good. What you would expect a AAA-studio. So I'd say good but not better than that.Music: Really nice!Gameplay: Good. That fits it pretty well. Its fun and you get options. But not at the same time sticking out of the crowd of these genre in the AAA-studio field.Stability: I had 0 problems.Story: The main selling point. This game has an very well written story. I really liked it and it made my list of ""games with great story.""Summary:If you like a game with a very good story and good gameplay, then I recommend this game. If you like its genre (singeplayer, first person shooter, leveling up, story driven) then I recommend it even more"
76561197970912143,Not Recommended,480490,31658368,Posted: 9 May,all,Mannix,"Firstly I have to give this game a thumbs up for the visuals but a thumbs down for the ridiculous gameplay.  I am also quite disappointed that it is faaaar from the original.  The original was a hidden gem which for it's time was way out there.  This game is just too different to compare or even label ""Prey"".  Not only is the context different but the storyline, etc.  The controls are ""good"" but extremely complicated with too many options...I think the only things missing are a foot and elbow control, you really to have to shuffle around and try to find the right weapon and read a paragraph on how to use it really takes away from the gameplay.  I can only hope that if Bethesda does a remake of the Stalker franchise that they respect the original.  Nonetheless....it may be good entertainment some but a true disappointment for a sequel.  Oh and did I fail to mention how stooopid the hacking is???"
,Recommended,480490,31813031,Posted: 17 May,all,Dopameen,"i feel like this game is one of the few rare games that actually feels good to play at release compared to a lot of games that have come out this year that have had high expectations but were poorly optimized with a lot of bugs/glitches, So props to the Devs.Game play is good and story isnt too bad so far i guess but ive barely scratched the surface of the game itself."
,Recommended,480490,31824390,Posted: 18 May,all,Neon,"Pros:+Fascinating story+Play your way+Freely adjust difficulities+Recycle and Fabricate+Have some detail storyCons:-bugs on some missions and system-some missions are incredibly hard-sometimes the visual makes you feel dizzyThis game kinda reminds me of Bioshock:infinite due to many things eg.audio logYou have to finish the game at least 3 times to get all the achivements (if you want) alsoI suggust you to play it slowly and try to enjoy every detail of the game, read some books and emails , listen to audio logs(""Transcribe"") then try to figure out what's going on.There are still some bugs like sometimes items not auto-stack,missing person(if you want achivement it's bad)Therefore     8/10"
,Recommended,480490,31823083,Posted: 18 May,all,thefearlessnerds,"Best game I've ever had the honor to play. I honestly wanted to crack the game for free but I decided to buy it and this game is worth far more than $60. Props to the developers, you guys are ingenious legends. Please follow my twitter 😂 would be awesome @EveryCord"
,Recommended,480490,31824132,Posted: 18 May,all,Bletotum,"The best of Bioshock and Dead space. Very long game, and tons of lore (yes, audiologs and emails lol) to enrich the experience.Arkane's third title since their revival is yet another home run for me.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4RanjlL7sg"
76561198135848539,Recommended,480490,31808878,Posted: 17 May,all,Ragged_Claw,Got killed by a bog-roll: 10/10 would die stupidly again!
,Recommended,480490,31808648,Posted: 17 May,all,Arrowth,Great gaem.
,Recommended,480490,31818891,Posted: 18 May,all,ChefDaddyy,Been looking for something to break away from online play and this def succeeded!
76561197976022784,Recommended,480490,31820528,Posted: 18 May,all,FoX^8],"A great game and worth recommending if you liked Bioshock and Half-Life.Only thing that bothers me is, it gets a little bit boring when you must go back and forth so many times. I guess I’m more into a linear experience. I don’t think that running from A to B, and then go to A again is a good way of making content. This game overuses it.7.5/10 a good 25 hours play though."
76561198029844771,Recommended,480490,31858103,Posted: 20 May,all,Rick Sanchez,Great game.
76561197993641045,Recommended,480490,31778219,Posted: 15 May,all,sagor,Amazing game!!!WHAT AN ENDING!! OMG!!!
76561198060810844,Recommended,480490,31853894,Posted: 19 May,all,CHRONIC_DMR,"I bought this game not really knowing at all what I was getting into, and it was probably one of the best impulse buys I have ever made. The whole game is extremely fun and I love the exploration, atmosphere, and gameplay. I haven't had this much fun with a game in a while. It runs really well on PC too, I love the physics in this game, and how you can try to abuse the GLOO gun to get to certain areas to kind of ""sequence break""."
76561198066682455,Recommended,480490,31853200,Posted: 19 May,all,Civ. F. Prescott,Be a cup Be a banna Be a Plant ANything can happen with Prey even a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥could do it 10/10
76561198111054759,Recommended,480490,31869606,Posted: 20 May,all,Jiffypop,Im to afraid to play this game
76561198053789620,Recommended,480490,31885219,Posted: 21 May,all,Date Mike,"Good game overall, bit short for my taste. Story is bit meh in the end. Totally needs new game +."
,Recommended,480490,31886310,Posted: 21 May,all,[soth] Corion,"This is an excellent game. It feels like Bioshock and Half-life mixed together with a little Deus Ex and a hint of Portal 2 level design aesthetic. There's several varied playthroughs worth of content here. Do you save everyone? Kill everyone? Use only human abilities? Typhon abilities? No abilities?Overall, a great game. 9.5/10."
76561198049837660,Recommended,480490,31902942,Posted: 22 May,all,MonkeyNuts,"It was a bit of a slow starter for me, but once the game got going it pulled me right in. Definitely a game for fans of Bioshock."
76561198132554890,Recommended,480490,31864710,Posted: 20 May,all,Dio,"This game is basically a modern-day Half-Life. It's the sort of game I've been waiting for for years. It blends elements of several genres in a seamless and thoroughly enjoyable way. It has the stealth/action play style of Bioshock or Dishonored, with stylish, immersive environments, a creepy sci-fi/horror atmosphere, and a level of challenge you'd expect from a survival horror game. It looks gorgeous and plays very smoothly on my modest rig, even with all graphics settings maxed. I've had tons of fun playing Prey. I can't recommend it highly enough for fans of the FPS, stealth/action or survival horror genres."
,Recommended,480490,31850165,Posted: 19 May,all,『  ✦ Bri  ✦ 』,"Prey is like a sandwich of System Shock,  Traditional RPG-Elements, a good FPS Game, and WELL done story \ charecters.With a side of Prophunt.Thats a good sandwich-combo.Or in otherwords:""Thats a fine game you got here!"""
,Recommended,480490,31854236,Posted: 19 May,all,Rejex,"Love it, Steam seems to have messed up recording my hours. I did play it to completion, and can say that it is a fantastic experience. For me to enjoy a good story driven game it has to have a good intro, a good hook, if you will. Prey definately did that, it grabbed my attention, and I enjoyed every minute of the game afterwords.It does share many similarities to Dishonored, just based on the UI design and other similarities despite the games being meant to be played in two different ways. As a fan of Dishonored this was an obvious plus for me, and it's to be expected as it came from the same developers.I also love that Prey feels very open-ended. While the lack of certain abilities can restrict you from certain areas, it is very noticable how much more freedom you have roaming around Talos I, than in other story driven games. This is nice as it allows you to explore at your leisure, and use your own reasoning to determine where the most helpful supplies to you might be located based on the names of the areas.Overall, I would recommend this game to anyone looking for a good story-driven experience that feels more like old-school PC games. Dont read any spoilers, go into the game as blind as possible if you want to have the best experience."
76561198012825167,Recommended,480490,33339294,Posted: 7 July,all,oO Mr Ghost Oo,Great game!
76561197973706951,Recommended,480490,33341048,Posted: 7 July,all,Shaelle,"Good:1) The Talos-1 cleary influenced by the same (art deco) style as Rapture from Bioshock. Just imagine - huge, luxiry and quite stylish skyscraper, raised by all-powerfull corporation LITERALLY in the middle of nowhere. Also, russian signs here and there make this place even more charming.2) You can choose to play as the woman or as the man.3) Good story. Intro part is just brilliant: It starts on very optimistic, even frivolous, note (you wake up in the sunny, airy flat on earth), and drastically changes at the monent when you already arrived at the station an found the evidence than things is ... much more complicated than you thought. After that story progresses with subtle (yet constantly present) feeling that ""something is not right here"", skillfully increases tension up to the very impressive culmination. Characters is not flat, but have personalites with sometimes ambiguous motivations. Moral choices present.4) Open space - one of the best I ever seen in games. You have actual 3D movement in zero gravity environment with nice physics (sadly, still not like in real world). This is also not a single time event. You can leave station as you please through airlocks, and you likely will do it quite often - not only mentioned airlocks intended to be used as form of fast travel, but some quests require you to do something outside the station. There is also some points of interest in open space - for example, space shuttle.5) This is not a horror game. It's much more close to Half-life or Bioshock than to Doom 3. While there is some dark elements (and certain moments can be really scary), they never come close to total despair and all-consuming terror. In contrast with, say, Doom 3, you do not feel lost in the face of imminent, terrifying fate. Sure, situation aboard the Talos-1 is very serious - but you still have hope that you can fix all this. And you are not alone.6) There is  very little blood and gore. You will see a lot of dead bodies and some blood trails, but no rooms covered in parts of teared apart humans. The only notable exception - victims of a mimics. Their bodies deformed and very much resembles zombies (luckily, they will not chase you), and can be really disturbing at the begining.7) Simple yet nifty crafting system. Almost everything in your inventory can be placed into a Recycler and turned into resources (minerals, plastic, organic and exotic matter), which, in turn, can be used to craft pretty much everything (if you have proper schematics, of course). Special ""Recycling Grenade"" allows you to recycle things that can not be placed into the inventory - like big boxes or still resisting enemies.Not so good:1) The worst hacking minigame I ever seen. You just need to move cursor through primitive labirinth into the certain area. It's require almost no thinking, and I feel zero connection to actual hacking. You can adopt to it - yet still it's far behind the best (like minigame in Fallout 3).2) If you mostly interested in combat, this game very likely will disapoint you. Arsenal is quite limited, ammunition is even more limited, and many types of enemies looks alike. You will have quite stylish shortgun (from player's perspective, of course; enemies opinions may vary), one really interesting (military grade) thing - but that's it. No rocket launcher or machine gun. No big battles.3) Stealth disappointing a bit. I can't pinpoint why, but I feel this way.4) Navigation in zero-gravity areas can be a bit tricky. Something like an avia horizon surely would be useful."
76561198001203167,Recommended,480490,33360127,Posted: 7 July,all,Cycletrash,prey is awesome
76561197972433429,Recommended,480490,33256367,Posted: 4 July,all,CrispyGreedo,"Just finished playing through this game for the second time, and I had a blast. There are plenty of different ways to go about achieving your objectives. Combat is challenging but fun, and the enemies certainly keep you on your toes. The art, sound, and level design are great. There are multiple endings depending on your actions throughout the game. I just don't have anything negative to say about Prey. Buy it."
76561198008896010,Recommended,480490,33261913,Posted: 4 July,all,Rex380,Great game. Definitely recommend. Prey is kind of a mix of Deus Ex: Mankind Divided and Dead Space.
76561198078038408,Recommended,480490,33245371,Posted: 4 July,all,Geralt Of Rivia,great horror game
76561198027536041,Recommended,480490,33242389,Posted: 4 July,all,Fridge Logician,"This game is a boon for those who are paranoid, and always on the lookout for something out of place and more information on how things have gone upside down and topsy turvy. I say this as someone who has, on multiple occassions, been disappointed that there wasn't anything on top of the light fixtures.There are missions that are underneath places you didn't exist. There is foreshadowing that will have you buzzing. You can go through the entire game rolling around as a pizza box. Most of the weapons aren't really weapons, they're tools and you choose how to use them to solve a problem. Even if that problem is ""how do I get this alien monster off my face"".The mimics like going for the face."
,Recommended,480490,33246807,Posted: 4 July,all,NO DA FLEEP REESET 69 YA NAN LOL,Decent sci-fi thriller game that is a solid buy. Would recommend :)
,Recommended,480490,33254002,Posted: 4 July,all,killkill85,"When I was a kid, I recall playing Metroid Fusion on the GBA and being both utterly terrified and very intrigued by it. The whole thing was, to my young mind at least, spectacularly creepy and incredibly tense, while still drawing me into its addictive exploration and story.This game is the only one I've played in my life, as far as I can remember, that chas aptured that exact same feeling. A constant, permeating dread and tension, a sprawling, creepy yet interesting space station, enemies that are legitimately intimidating. It made me feel like I was 5 again, clutching my Gameboy and dreading the passing of the Samus clone - only this time it's some unknown new variety of psychic alien ghost, and I'm clutching my mouse instead. This game is great."
76561197970917413,Recommended,480490,33252070,Posted: 4 July,all,bzald,"While i enjoyed prey for the most part there where parts of the game that i could of done with out because they where either empty of mobs or had too many mobs in the way. What i liked the best is the story what i dislike the most is the lack of story links, where you could pick up something to listen to is nice. Yet why was that giving a higher order over meeting more people? The powers where fun to play with but could get you in a lot of trouble because you used them on the wrong object, same for weapons wrong object and your weapon suddenly does less damage. Over all good game, i could not finsh because harddrive failed and then i could not get the old libuary to work shame."
,Recommended,480490,31565349,Posted: 5 May,all,Spaghetti_Penguin,Picking up trash has never been so fun. It's like Fallout 4 all over again.
76561198169565354,Recommended,480490,31673416,Posted: 10 May,all,Imperator Deus,Arkane makes good games. This is a good game.
76561198035612657,Recommended,480490,31788322,Posted: 16 May,all,Anonymoose,The first game I've played in a while where searching for secrets and ways to get into locked doors is not only the core gameplay loop but also so rewarding it never gets tiring
,Recommended,480490,31712230,Posted: 12 May,all,Doc,"I am a loving this game so far.Don't let the fact that this is tagged as a ""horror"" game because it is pretty easy to play casually (as someone who is extremely scared of typical horror games)"
,Recommended,480490,31712236,Posted: 12 May,all,Echo,Most absorbing gaming experience I've had in a long time.Very Good story.Very Good world-building.Above Average Gameplay (Combat / Go Loud).Alright Gameplay (Stealth / Silent)Alright NPC characters.Could use a NG+.8.5/10
76561198122944652,Recommended,480490,31559347,Posted: 5 May,all,HE COOKIN'!!!!!,"Two hours in, Prey is everything I wanted it to be and then some. A brilliant blend of stealth, FPS, RPG and horror Prey is an immersive, intense scarefest with a gripping premise and intriguing plotline. I have no idea what is going on at the moment or how it ends, but I will update this review accordingly. As of now though I highly recommend it, looking forward to seeing what this game is capable of.On a technical note, the game so far has run perfectly smoothly for me using an AMD RX 480 8gb GPU and an i5 6600k cpu  with occasional random dips in frames, but nothing too jarring or noticeable. Overall very well optimized and  good looking."
76561198028659394,Recommended,480490,31560694,Posted: 5 May,all,[TAW] Nate Mc Bow,"Ok this game i was hopeful for and IM GLAD i was! This game is amazing for several reasons.1. SPACE. And the movement in Zero-G feels crisp as well. Just difficult enough so you can enjoy it.2. An arsenal of weopons that all have their sides of the story. The GLOO gun which just allows you to stun and buff the damage is one of my favorites, and of course. Wouldnt be an FPS without your good old shotgun.3. The Aliens you are up against are clever, menacing and highly devious all at once. From the mimic that can compycat a supply cache to a massive flying beast that can turn every turret in the room against you.4. Multiple ways to gain access to areas and even more way to win a fight. Alot of thought went into the design of the station, so your imagination is what determines a fight. Assuming you can think fast enough.5. A captivating story with several side quests along the way. And you can choose what to do at your own pace. Either go on a old school loot hunt, or hunt down the worst of the aliens out there.And to top it all off. Arkane NAILED performance. Im getting a solid FPS at all times easily.Well done Arkane. This is one to remember. And i am hooked to it."
76561198052591395,Recommended,480490,31553135,Posted: 4 May,all,Price_of_Valor,Only played past the opening scene where the scientists ask questions.  The first thing that came to mind was why my brother is sooo fat.  The next was why are they using a scenario from Richard Dawkins.  I think the two correlate.
76561198058403705,Recommended,480490,31560042,Posted: 5 May,all,Batman,Game makes you realise anything around you could be a Mimic.Can't trust anythingOverall a great game
,Recommended,480490,31559965,Posted: 5 May,all,.:MasterMind:.,Seriously guys THIS is the System Shock successor we've all been waiting for!!!
,Recommended,480490,31557105,Posted: 5 May,all,Lilin,"This game is alright.The story feels like it's been done already in several other games, but it's not the worst concept.Gameplay is okay, it's nothing new or great, but it's definitely playable.Graphics are average, not amazing, but they work.The horror elements are kind of non-existant, there's some jump scares, but nothing that will make you scream, and you pretty much get used to and able to predict it within the first hour.No issues with performance, bugs or crashes which is rather rare for a new game lunch of this size.Compared to the other trash games out there these days, this game is definitely worth the price and is worth playing through. Just don't go into it like a privileged ♥♥♥♥ expecting something spectacular."
76561198172074913,Recommended,480490,31559184,Posted: 5 May,all,Hawt Dood,It is amazing and should get it.10/10
,Recommended,480490,31585967,Posted: 6 May,all,Simbiat,"So, Prey is, essentially BioShock in space plus space walks and minus monsters interacting with each other. And a bit more focused on ""jump-scare"" tactics, which at some point may start to annoy a bit. But either way, if you liked Bioshock series, you will most likely like this one, too."
76561198365572139,Recommended,480490,31584425,Posted: 6 May,all,Oblivion CS.MONEY,"So far this game has been amazing, stunning visuals yet great performance. Sometimes I get confused with the side quest progression because you need to do main quests in order to get a keycard for the side quest . Other than that it's been awesome."
,Recommended,480490,31585778,Posted: 6 May,all,Deathblade711,"Great music, atmosphere, gameplay, and performance. I run on Very High settings and record at 1080p 60fps with 60 fps easily."
76561198154283521,Recommended,480490,31585792,Posted: 6 May,all,Space-Lord,"In my opinion this game has so much in common with Half Life. Prey is probably going to be my GOTY so far.Runs perfect with mostly over 100 fps on max settings (i56600k, gtx 1060).Cheers to the development."
,Recommended,480490,31581331,Posted: 6 May,all,Agony,The spiritual successor to System Shock that Bioshock should have been.
76561198114790339,Recommended,480490,31581372,Posted: 6 May,all,HuntinoBino,Bought this game at like 7:00 yesterday night and somehow still  got the pre order bonus content10/10
76561198088601411,Recommended,480490,32214053,Posted: 5 June,all,Madgamer2k7™,Fun! Like a mix of Deadspace and Bioshock made by Arkane Studios.
76561198016397464,Recommended,480490,32211412,Posted: 5 June,all,BigShaman,"What can I say? Steam really need to change this thumb UP\DOWN voting to something a little more elaborate...Let's talk about the game:Prey is odd... Some praised it for the Talos I level design, others despised it for the flawed combat and stealth mechanics. I kinda agree with both opinions: Prey isn't a masterpiece, but it sure is an ambitious project in a world where AAA titles are full of cutscenes and bombastic action. The game as a simple premise: Talos I has been overrun by an alien lifeform known as Typhon, discovered by Morgan Yu (the protagonist) and his\her brother. You have to wipe out this menace and save the earth, one way or another. There is no need to know anything else, the station Talos I is free to explore and believe me: it's PRETTY FRIGGIN' BIG. You can decide to follow the main objectives or roam around the station to find clues about what happened, NPC's that need help or simply discover new areas. The gameplay is closer to a survival horror game than to a shooter\RPG, since you will have limited ammo and items, which need to be found around Talos I or crafted using scrap material. There is a progression system that allows you to unlock useful skills to survive, even if sometimes it can be a bit hard to find out which ones are useful and which not. That said, the exploration and the atmosphere are incredibly good, more than once I felt like I was really in the station, orbiting around the Moon and felt a strange sense of solitude more than dread. I can say that I've enjoyed this game, but not as much as I wanted too on the first playthrough, in fact I believe Prey requires to be played more than once to be fully appreciated. Anyway there are some considerable flaws:- The story: The classic plot ""blow up the station to save earth from alien threat"" isn't that incredible and honestly almost every space-action\horror game has the classic data or audiologs that describe what happened before the fecal matter hit the fan. So nothing that really got me interested.-The combat: Please, don't put a SHOTGUN in the game if it's not satisfying to use. Do not. It's an insult to all shotguns. Ok, you can't approach this game as if it was a shooter, but couldn't it at least try to be more intense when it comes to combat? Every enemy (apart from the simple annoying mimics) are BULLET SPONGES, they absorb any kind of damage and plus when they die it's not even cool or nice. Nothing that makes you go: ""yeah! Got you ♥♥♥♥er!"". Plus Typhons hit you if you don't use specific skills, and even if you do they hit you. They are goddamn psychic snipers, they never miss, they just point you and ♥♥♥♥ you up until either you shoot them to pieces wasting precious ammo or you run... Or you die. Then again, some would suggest to go stealth but...-The stealth mechanics: I didn't like them one bit. I loved Dishonored 1 & 2 and thought I could get away with some stealth attacks, but no. The enemies don't have a pattern and they move at random, sometimes they spot you from miles away, other times they can't see you if you stand right in front of them. It's all chaotic, the game plays by it's own rules when it comes to stealth, even when you disguise yourself as a mug or another object. It's bad cause enemies in this game are so strong (don't play it on hard on the first playthrough, trust me) that they make you want to go stealth. Too bad it's so random that most of the times the whole stealth thing ends up with you running from the aliens or shooting them and then running cause ammo or psy power is over and they are still in one piece. Sometimes I just ran into a door which led to another area to activate the loading screen and escape from powerful Typhon. It's kinda lame. Speaking of Typhons:- The enemies: No. Typhon I am sorry but you ARE NOT SCARY and also... You are quite annoying! At the beginning I kinda liked the whole mimic thing of them disguising as objects, but then it gets kinda repetitive... Also mimics are annyoing because they crawl at incredible speed and are hard to hit. ♥♥♥♥in' ammo wasters. I gotta say: I feel it would have been better just to have Talos I to explore without the ♥♥♥♥in' aliens. I mean the plot could have evolved around some kind of space madness that made the people inside Talos I kill each other, or maybe a virus outbreak or maybe everybody abandoned the station and left you there alone, so you will have to find out why. I mean there were so many ways not to include the aliens in this game, since as a said before: they are not fun to fight neither satisfying to eliminate... Bah!So is Prey good? I think it is, but not at full price. I bought it because I just can't resist sci-fi stuff and 'cause I think that Arkane Studios always bring something new to the table. However, I don't think this game is worth 59,99 bucks\euros. It's a very particular game, which I am sure I will appreciate more in the future, but I don't think it's fair to praise this game as if it was a masterpiece when the core mechanics are not that good. Sure, the game gives you a lot of options, but sometimes it fails to give you a sense of accomplishment for the way you've chosen to deal with a situation or with a particular enemy. It gives you freedom, but also restrains you with low ammo\broken stealth mechanics and the crafting. Not to mention that at a certain point of the game you are forced to play it the way it wants, due to a HORRIBLE and also useless plot twist.Wait for further patches\DLC\price drop and then get it. Or go get transformed into a mug!Peace! \m/"
,Recommended,480490,32210984,Posted: 5 June,all,exhibit greg,Absolutly amazing! Loved all of it.
76561198107929971,Recommended,480490,32211092,Posted: 5 June,all,Void,Really nice and scary game!
76561197992487227,Recommended,480490,32235319,Posted: 7 June,all,ice_shocker,great game all around
,Recommended,480490,31643670,Posted: 9 May,all,Gravedigger,+
76561198021069616,Recommended,480490,32411831,Posted: 14 June,all,bmoff28,"A little too much floating around in space for my liking, but otherwise another great game from Arkane Studios. Prey is the sleeper hit of the year."
,Recommended,480490,32418520,Posted: 14 June,all,godlike,Great level design and gameplay mechanics. The true system shock successor.
76561198191246543,Recommended,480490,32413992,Posted: 14 June,all,n9never,PREY is a a great game and a must buy if you are a Bioshock or System Shock fan. While I don't agree with Bethesda's resent business practices I think it is important to separate the art from the artist in this situation as PREY is one of the best single player games I've played in years.
,Recommended,480490,32368035,Posted: 12 June,all,Jeremiah,"Great game! Very good main story with lots of optional side quests and decisions you can make throughout the game. Exploring is heavily rewarded with TONS of hidden item stashes, short cuts etc. Many was to get around or through obsticales, the enemy and level design kind alike. Really enjoyed it!"
,Not Recommended,480490,31597419,Posted: 6 May,all,Dr.Prinny,"Uh, Creation Club, kek.Same studio, different team.But still it resembles a lot from the Dishonored series, from its art style, UI design, to its very core of stealth mechanism.Finished the game myself with 16 hours, won't judge its story, I have read enough to say this one is decent.The monster designs are good, not very creative except the Mimic one, but good.The soundtrack is great, fitting the atmosphere nicely.Weapon choices aren't many, and the customization option/upgrade option are simply value-based (so just damage/acc upgrades etc) without visual distinction, it's quite a shame, since Dishonored has weapon customization with bits and pieces different visually on your weapon.8/10 Good, pretty damn good, not the best."
76561197988994736,Recommended,480490,32400726,Posted: 13 June,all,thejoche,"WOW! just finished this game. I feel it did not get as much press as it deserved. A truly enjoyable story from start to finish, wiht plenty of WTF movements. Outstanding gameplay. Beautiful setting and set pieces. Reminiscent of playing Bioshock for the first time. Bethesda hit it out of the park with this one. 10/10"
,Recommended,480490,32401023,Posted: 13 June,all,[TC] Tofte,One of the best RPG's ive played in years. Having reached a point where almost no single player games that are story-based can get me hooked. This one definitely did. This game had me exploring every little detail repeatedly to make sure I got everything. Be it for personal satisfaction that ive seen everything or to make sure I had enough materials to create ammo to survive through the game as I was on higher difficulties.Loved every moment of it and already doing another playthrough to see the alternative events from different choices in the story. Would recommend.
,Recommended,480490,32403084,Posted: 13 June,all,Sorcerer's Bone,"People keep saying this is another System Shock, but you could really see the hints of Dishonored gameplay that Arkane bled into Prey. Just wish there was an ultra low setting so my PC didn't lag as hard as it did, but thats more of a personal issue, although even at minimum settings this game had a beautifully textured world and was vibrantly detailed, while simultaenously horrifying. Loved it. Hope we get Prey 2 in less than a decade this time."
,Recommended,480490,32405448,Posted: 14 June,all,YoPacoWantSumTaco,Sleeper Hit of 2017?  I went in pretty much blind I had seen the reveal trailer and thats it.  I was looking for something new and as soon I started playing it had me hook line and sinker.  The less you know the better when going in and if you do play it and beat it stay tuned after the credits. If I had to describe it I would say Bioshock meets Dead Space.  There is alot to do here and by the end of run I clocked in around 45+ hrs. So if you looking for something new to play I would definitely recommend checking it out.
76561198342829309,Recommended,480490,32363539,Posted: 12 June,all,D7AK3,"That moment when you're playing on Nightmare difficulty, pure Typhon Neuromods, and you hunt the Nightmare itself for a challenge. Plus you play on a no weapons campaign and kill it with abilities alone."
,Recommended,480490,32418989,Posted: 14 June,all,Dolan von Goobybitte,This is a great game. A game where a lot of time and effort went into the design and charaters and even moreso the story. This is what developers miss most of the time. They rush through to make the next generic game but miss all these things. A breath of fresh air in the cluster of generic and cash grab games.  A+
76561198014685360,Recommended,480490,32419544,Posted: 14 June,all,HELL ON EARTH,"Not going to say to much about this game as plenty of people have on how good it is.Lets just say it's a mixered of Half-life, Bioshock, and System shock, which in so many ways is awesome.Have not played much of this game yet from the time of this review, but I know for sure this is a keeper, and to be honest from what I have played it feels like a classic, which I feel we need more of these games.So if you like the games I have mentioned then you really need to buy and play this.And even at full price it's more than worth it.Credit where credit is due, and thanks so much for a amazing game."
76561198020547228,Recommended,480490,32431452,Posted: 15 June,all,Motomas,"I rarely write reviews, but I'm 30 hours in and this game is great.  Lots of depth, interesting story line, good play mechanics, good PC user interface.  Reminds of of System Shock (but more polished and balanced) and Half Life."
76561198380534077,Recommended,480490,32287576,Posted: 9 June,all,Gloom Bros.,"We've been doing a whole playthrough for our Youtube channel and despite some frustrating times where we've been caught out of ammo with very little options for advancing other than to throw items at Typhons like mad people and scream them into submission, we've been enjoying the game thoroughly! Arkane Studios did a great job at twisting story expectations and combat into an interesting and enjoyable experience."
76561197970482328,Not Recommended,480490,31556995,Posted: 5 May,all,fjk1138,"Oh boy.  Well, I have very mixed feelings about this game.On one hand...Intriguing, interesting, and very entertaining level design.  System Shock-ish, with elements of Bioshock and nods to other FPS games.  None of the technical issues that Dishonored 2 had, and pretty smooth overall even on very high settings on GTX 980.  Minor CTD issues (started after first patch) and sound volume issues (fixed after the first patch), but whatever.Most fun I've had exploring an environment since Alien:Isolation, and unlike Alien:Isolation you actually get to kill/destroy things.  Finally, a game where it's actually interesting to read the emails and notes left behind.  There is definitely a lot to do here and plenty of different ways to deal with enemies and technology in the game environment.  The game is not short by any means.  Every time I kill a small creature, I think of Duke Nukem in Manhattan Project saying - ""Mimic that!"".   I found the GLOO Gun to be a neat and versatile tool/weapon. The Recycler is a neat concept, and the grenade of that same type is awesome.  You have choices of traditional weapsons, Psi weapons, or both.On the other hand....I am not crazy about the hacking procedure.  I get that they are trying to be different but I really don't care for it.  Speaking of electronics, turrets apparently are useless no matter how well you hack or fortify them so be ready to repair them constantly.A lot of the game becomes tedious the longer it goes on.  The later missions get very monotonous because you will be traversing back and forth through the same areas repeatedly and enemies respawn too much. I never liked that about System/Bioshock games either - when enemies are dead, they are dead and that should be the end of it.  But that's just me.There will be points where people are pratically talking over each other to you whether in person or through the comlinks and it's like just shut up already. There are so many codes, messages, and notes to read and make sense out of that it gets confusing and even flat out boring. There is a ""weapon"" in the game that is supposed to help you operate things from a distance but it was completely useless to me and I never used it even once other than to try it out - all it did was occupy inventory space.  I also never found the Psi mods to be interesting and just stuck with the basic normal ones.  Call me old fashioned, go ahead.The game will also mercilessly shove rather pointless side quests down your throat as you get closer to the end:  ""Say Morgan....Can you go pickup my little doohicky please, pretty please - oh it would mean so much to me if you could get it.  I know it's on the opposite side of the station from where you are doing more important things..."" when you have a main objective of flying outside the station and doing something to save their dumb A$$es while trying not to get pummeled mercilessly by enemies.  And while we're on it, moving about in the exterior is OK at first, but not fun at all later. So um yeah...F*ck you, Arkane.It also seems that you can never have enough ammo.  I get that the game should be challenging and I have no problem with that whatsoever, but even with tons of Neuromod updates, full weapon upgrades, using the wrench as much as absolutely possible, using the bullet time effect, recycling every god damn piece of sh!t in the entire space station, and sneaking around I find that I was still short of enough ammo by the end that it just wasn't fun anymore.  I work for a living and want to get through the game eventually, so I guess being a shotgun surgeon was not in the plan of ""play it your way"". Go ahead and critize my play style.. I don't care.So... I just can't give it a thumbs up. I really, really, REALLY want to like it a lot for what it is, but by the end it's just so meh and tedious that I lost interest.Wait for a sale."
,Recommended,480490,31992797,Posted: 27 May,all,Cuhbrewin,"TL;DR: Good action FPS with a Metroidvania-like world and ""actually open"" open-level design (multiple ways to approach an objective and/or enter an area), skill trees, and hints of horror. Some thinking ability suggested. Performs well on both AMD and Nvidia GPUs alike. Good for multiple/themed playthroughs.Have I playedSystem Shock 2, Dishonored, Bioshock, or the oldPrey (2006)? No.So, having no experiences to compare this game with, I'll say this: it's a fairly decent action FPS with a sci-fi theme.Prey (2017), which I will just callPreynow to avoid typing ""(2017)"" repeatedly, takes place in an alternate timeline that diverges from our real-world one beginning in 1963. The assassination on President JFK fails and further fuels the Space Race, eventually leading to the discovery of an alien species known as the Typhon. The aliens are captured and set aboard a space station to be researched. However, the Typhon become hostile to scientists aboard the space station whilst they are being researched, causing the US government to can the project. This project, known as ""Project Axiom"", becomes sold off to, and privately owned by, a ""revolutionary"" scientific research company by the name of TranStar Corporation.You play as Morgan Yu, the younger brother/sister to Alex Yu - the two of them being the Vice President and President, respectively, of TranStar Corporation in 2035. The Typhon have broken containment and it's up to you to contain the outbreak and prevent further spread of the Typhon to Earthside (and maybe unearth some hidden agendas!). The game, after its introduction, presents you with the ""Play Your Way"" info tutorial. Which, to quite a large extent, is true. However, you definitely won't be able to findeverysingle way into an area on a single playthrough unless you took your time exploring every nook and cranny. It's one of those games that does better on a second or third or even fourth playthrough (there's only 3 save slots, however...). On subsequent playthroughs, you start to notice the hints dropped by the game that foreshadow or help you understand the plot and gameplay. A playthrough for me lasted roughly 18 hours my first time through, then about 12-14 hours on my second and third runs (and I wasn't looking for every lore bit during any of these playthroughs).The gameplay is... well it's decent for an FPS. The combat can get rather frantic once you get spotted, and I got detected most of the time (I'm not a sneaky beaky player). There's no ADS'ing in this game, which I found tolerable since there's a zoom function (which later turns into the Psychoscope for scanning enemies) that lets you also fire a gun while zoomed. Gunplay isn't that impressive; just generic shooting, running, reloading animations. I eventually figured out the GLOO gun and the stun gun are OP when used in conjunction with a shotgun (optionally upgraded for firepower) blast in the face, or the wrench. The wrench is really good when fully upgraded, especially for saving ammo and materials.Regarding the enemies you fight, I think that the Typhon bestiary is pretty generic: mimic alien, bipedal alien, bipedal alien with special effect, floaty alien bullet sponge, other floaty alien bullet sponge. (There are others but those are the ones you encounter the most often) The aliens also love killing you really fast... on Normal difficulty the mimic (the most common alien enemy) does 15-20 damage with a tentacle slap, and the bipedal alien type (the second-most common enemy) does about 25 damage with its fast-projectile ranged attack and 20 damage with a quick swipe. It's a bit ridiculous that with less armor integrity, you take even more damage than that, so you die even faster. You definitely need to be cautious when taking on enemies - especially earlier in the game with no upgrades - as taking on two or more of them can be quite the task. Maybe I'm just bad because it took me about 25 hours (and 2 playthroughs) to figure out how to ""game"" the combat system.Aesthetically, the game looks very styled (in a good way!), but the textures look ""okay"" on Very High (it definitely doesnt feel like Very High textures). The alternate timeline contributes to the ""futuristic"" vision of the 1960s and '70s that this world gives off quite exuberantly - at least, when it doesn't have bodies of dead humans and typhon material strewn about the place. Very nice to look at; graphics gets a pass in my regard.The music, composed by Mick Gordon, was...well I was unimpressed. Considering Gordon's previous work onDOOMandWolfenstein: The New Order, this game's score was much of the same, but doesn't fit as much with the slow, careful gameplay ofPreyas with the rip-and-tear gameplay ofDOOMandWolfenstein: TNO. The song played during the intro ""credits"" scene is pretty good, but the rest of it was rather unsettling that I had to turn down the music volume so the musical stings when a Mimic un-Mimic'd itself didn't blast my ears and startle me so abruptly.Overall:Preyisrecommended, maybe even at $60, but not as much as if it were, say, $40. Very nice aesthetic, pretty good story. Multiple playthroughs may tick the ""time-versus-price"" box, but the overall clunky gameplay and ""just decent"" music prevents a full recommendation. If you play through multiple times, there's a good chance you'll spot/learn something new, or events may play out slightly differently.Scores!!! (because people like this sort of thing):Story: 8/10Characters: 4/10Graphics/Aesthetic: 8.5/10Music/Sound Design: 5/10Gameplay: 7.5/10 (Mostly superior level design, generic gunplay, some neat psychic abilities)Performance: 9/10 (crashes are uncommon (I crashed once in 49 hours), corrupted saves are rare but I haven't run into them; they may have been fixed)Replayability: 10/10"
76561197970680839,Recommended,480490,32358111,Posted: 11 June,all,sheckey,"This is what it is all about - making great stories that are full of choice, surprises and great game play that all evolve.  I want to live in this world - at least the ending I chose!  FOV slider, excellent controls, awesome music and good graphics options and performance.  I really hope this is continued as there is so much more to know.  This is part of the pantheon of great story games."
76561198142453848,Recommended,480490,32358287,Posted: 11 June,all,RestInPepperoni,One of the best games I've ever played would 100% reccomend it.
,Recommended,480490,32328379,Posted: 10 June,all,Thrusten,"Awesome game, did not bored me even for a second"
76561198062922439,Recommended,480490,32330430,Posted: 10 June,all,mattiaiannone,"great game. Just finished it only using human abilities, it took 33 hours . guess i will make another playthrough to use another play style. The game is clearly inspired in system shock, deus ex and dishonored. Personally i liked a lot the different ways you can approach a problem. But System Shock 2 still rocks ahead!!"
,Recommended,480490,32339577,Posted: 11 June,all,Pitbull1705,"This game is very fun to play the first few times, how ever as the story is short the game can get old and boring quite quickly. The lack of extra content is disapointing however I hope DLC comes out for this game.The game is fun and hassomejump scares, but there isn't too many of them. Overall its a great game for FPS players and story players."
,Recommended,480490,32354517,Posted: 11 June,all,NEDMInsane,"Great Game, Great Story, High Replayability.I sped through the story in about 30 hours, but i did not go exploring. I did very minimal side quests, but still had a great time. Once i get back to a computer that can run this game a lot better, i will put way more time into it.Definitly worth the release price, so if (when) this goes on sale, and you havent bought it, buy it."
76561198052260157,Recommended,480490,32359957,Posted: 12 June,all,Gray Fox,"This game is amazing!The gameplay (like Dishonored) is phenomenal and the story and world were so interesting to explore.The ending has me hoping they are setting up for a sequel and after playing this one, I'm very excited about that prospect."
76561198329213522,Recommended,480490,32360908,Posted: 12 June,all,avidreader00,"I loved this game. If you thought Die Hard was the best movie EVER, you will love the chance to play in Die Hard style. You are Morgan Yu, waking up in your apartment every day to participate in experiments with technology that you and your brother developed. Things turn ugly and you are tasked with numerous objectives while avoiding several types of creatures and humans. I've played this game twice and both times was a learning curve as you get ever more creative in finding a way through and around obstacles, half of which happen to be biological. Highly recommended."
76561198010188226,Recommended,480490,32458389,Posted: 15 June,all,Ouroboros,"I enjoyed it the whole way through. It is the only singleplayer game in like... 2 years which really got me immersed and straight up entertained 100% the whole way through. Excellent story, level design, exploration and gameplay in general."
,Recommended,480490,32463940,Posted: 15 June,all,Sir Joey of The White,"All of my play sessions of this game went over 4 hours... My first was even 8 hours long. It's hard to put down, amazing story, plot twists and gameplay. On a scale: The Witcher 3 is 'Very Noice' and Prey is 'Noice'.Easily one of my favourite single-player games of all time which also makes it a GOTY contender imho."
,Recommended,480490,32549260,Posted: 18 June,all,Battle-pigeon,Wish I had recycling grenades in real life as well :(10/10
,Recommended,480490,31734352,Posted: 13 May,all,ＥＦＩＲＯＮ,COOL
76561198039785680,Recommended,480490,32548154,Posted: 18 June,all,realMerciless,The game was enjoyable even though it felt like a chore to finish some of the side quests. I'll be playing this again in the future to 100% the game.
76561198273731521,Recommended,480490,32565801,Posted: 19 June,all,EllentheCat,"It's a good game, especially the game play elements. The problem is that it takes time to get into it, but the more you play the more you'll love it.I've no idea about what happened to this game's marketing. A lot of my friends have never heard about it. This game should be a shinning point of this year."
,Recommended,480490,31771471,Posted: 15 May,all,pruah,Even backtracking is fun!
,Recommended,480490,31771977,Posted: 15 May,all,Vigil,"A really phenomenal game. Very reminiscent of Bioshock, System Shock 2, and Dishonored. The story and music stuck with me and the gameplay was thrilling from beginning to end."
76561197982691315,Recommended,480490,31770744,Posted: 15 May,all,Martec,"Prey no more, your favourite fpsgame is here!"
,Recommended,480490,31776998,Posted: 15 May,all,Soulreaper500,"Honestly, the game was alright. It felt a little short and the quest system was awkward. The story was ok and then it seemed to just drop off. Also there was just a lack of variety in enemies and weapons. Throughout the whole game I would use the shotgun. I think it would be worth it on a discount. Like 25 bucks or something."
,Recommended,480490,31798077,Posted: 16 May,all,Calabrian Evocatus,"In short, Prey is another great addition to Arkane Studios’ portfolio of fantastic work. This Sci-fi shooter manages to combine an enthralling story with outstanding gameplay mechanics and design. The genius level design in Prey makes simply getting inside a locked room feel more like an sexual endeavor, rather than a tedious janitorial task. The only hint of mediocrity is the somewhat repetitive combat and decent AI. Regarding performance, Prey is beautifully optimized. A decent computer will run this game faster than Jerry the mouse on cocaine. I would assume a decent computer averaging around 55fps. In conclusion, Prey is an all-around excellent game that will have you exploring Talos-1 like a curious space cockroach.-9/10"
,Recommended,480490,31654869,Posted: 9 May,all,Inori,"I can review this game with one word: MASTERPIECEIf you enjoy exploring the map, this is your game. Not only there's a lot to explore, you are also rewarded for doing so (find ammo, parts, healing items, etc) and you unlock more options through skill pointsThere are lots of different skills you can unlock, so the game does not force you into a single playstyle but you have many different options and you can combine them as you wishThe atmosphere and immersion of the game is great, the station and ""world"" is built with a lot of depth, its story revealed to you through missions, e-mails, or collectibles (audiologs)The main story is good but the end, while being a great ending, happens too fast, which is the main downside to the game imo (Great ending, just too short).Playtime: you can easily play for 25+ hours if you explore most of the places (i did like 27hr and missed some stuff). Some peaple are at 40+ and still have not finished itIt's not just long but fun, the gameplay is great and adjusted to your preferences, the map is well designed and there are many different enemiesIf you are the kind of person who likes to rush the story, i don't reccomend the game to you. You can do it for certain and finish in less than 10hrs, but you lose a lot of the ""lore"" of the world and the exploration, i think this game's exploration is the best i played, and it's collectibles are close to Bioshock's ones (which i loved), maybe even better because some give you side questsNow, side quest: Many games just use sidequests as a tool to increase play time, they have no depth, no meaning, no implication in your progress except getting some exp/goldThis game's side quests are great, every single one gives a bit of information about the world or some skill points, some even give you weapons earlier than you would have them if you ignored them, one gives an exclusive weapon only obtainable by doing itDifficulty: I played this on normal and will play it on hard now, in normal it feels balanced: you can't just rush face into enemies or you will die, specially when you don't know the strenghts and weaknesses of enemies. On normal difficulty you will usually run out of ammo but have lots of resources to craft more (if you are willing to sacrifice some skill points)Weapons: There are lots of weapons, which is something i don't usually like (why do i want to have 5 different rifles if they all do the same thing, just shoot bullets) but this games manages to make each weapon unique and focused on a specific type of enemy (e.g robotic, biological, etc) so you don't choose which weapon to use based on damage/range but based on the situation and the enemy you are facingtl;dr: go buy it, it's the most expensive game i've purchased (arround 90 dollars) but it's definitely worth the money"
76561198277344422,Recommended,480490,31795408,Posted: 16 May,all,[ DorkyDarko ],"Ok. So I've just done my 1st playthrough and I have to say, hands down, Well done Arkane Studios *claps* I was a bit sceptical at first due to the issues with the DH2 but the cry engine pulled through with this one. Absolutely loved this. I thought this style of gameplay wouldnt be showing its head any time soon after Bioshock 3 and you pretty much nailed it on the head and pulled this beauty out of the bag. Story and endings were quality. Gameplay was solid and the gun play was a bit clunky, but good! but it was easy to master. I checked high and low hoping I wouldnt miss anything and at end game I was running with 230 Neuro mods and did every quest in game. Not many games get that sort of attention from me and thats saying something. 9/10. Totally worth it. Best game I have played this year."
76561198078941410,Recommended,480490,31803755,Posted: 17 May,all,Rong,"The only thing this game has in common with Prey (2006) is that it's frigging awesome.We got System Shock remake instead, and a really good one at that.GOTY and Worth every penny."
,Recommended,480490,31794867,Posted: 16 May,all,stanpe,"One day, about a week ago from when i am writing this, i was sick and stayed at home, i decided to watch some youtube, and watched 2-3 hours of this game, it looked good, and i said ♥♥♥♥ it, lets try it out. Immediatly i was hooked, even though i had already seen the start, currently at 22,6 hours and not done with the campaign, the story is interesting, pretty much keeping you interested at all times, the game is pretty difficult in my opinion, depending on difficulty. recources can be scarce, and depending on what you use your neuromods (skillpoints) on, the difficulty varies. The game looks very good, even though i play on medium settings. The sidequests and eastereggs are cool, and there is quite a bit to explore, you will have to do a few playthroughs before you see everything, so there is a massive amount of content. I would put Prey on my Top 5 best games list, if not Top 3. Most likely gonna be my GOTY, ♥♥♥♥ing amazing experience so far.Note: Game finished in 25,2 hours, starting second playthrough"
76561198017063147,Recommended,480490,31795041,Posted: 16 May,all,[P.T.F.H.]Hells-_- Hatman,"Story, or, the maner of story, which defines the perfection of narrative is uniqueI hope this game will find audience, which will appreciate the brilliance of work from the developers of Prey"
,Recommended,480490,31799472,Posted: 16 May,all,Sethalonian,"Is this game worth buying? YES. JUST. YES.Pros-Zelda: Breath of Wild exploration in a FPS-Multiple ways of traveling and completing objectives-Recycling and Fabricating-Decent Story (Some quests may seem stupid, but it all makes sense in the end.)-I liked the ending. (GameSpot was trashing it though... I don't know what their problem was...)-Great aesthetics-Monster design wasn't exceptional, but it did the job pretty well.-Every NPC/Corpse has a name and can be found all over the station, tracked and looted. That's just cool to me.-Turn into a cup-Summon allies from corpses-Make enemies your friends. (temporarily)Cons-There is not a lot of variety of weapons: Pistol, Shotgun, Gloogun, Taser, and Q-Beam. I almost never found myself using the Q-Beam because of how slowly it kills even at full upgrade. I was always out of pistol ammo. The Taser and Shotgun are great, especially when used together. But that's basically it...-Some of the alien powers suck. There are literally 3 powers that do the exact same thing, but they have different elements attached. I find that to be lazy...-Fabricating is needlessly difficult. I played the game on Normal and ended with 100 exotic material, and only 3 minerals. MINERALS ARE USED IN FREAKING EVERYTHING... AND THEY ARE SO DANG RARE! It's ironic that exotic materials are the most common ones... -_-...-The bugs... I had 2 crashes, but I think that's since been fixed. My looting doesn't stack properly. Sometimes quests will just trigger completion or fail randomly... (Luckily it wasn't an important one...) SOmetimes quest markers will not point to the proper locations. Just all around random stuff. But I never had any game breaking issues, and I expect all these bugs will be fixed in the coming months.Basically, if you liked Half-Life, this game is for you. I would give this game an 8 for now, and eventually bump it up to a 9 once all the major issues are fixed."
76561198110444248,Recommended,480490,31592295,Posted: 6 May,all,Aim For The JuiceBox,Recycled the Nightmare 10/10
,Recommended,480490,31592298,Posted: 6 May,all,JupiterHorizon,I like it
,Recommended,480490,31592181,Posted: 6 May,all,Nekot,"PREY is a pretty cool game. Having played through it entirely, I'm positive that I can make a good judgement and say that this is definitely a good game and a good time.My playthrough was 19 hours. That was Main Quest + Extras (not 100%)The beginning of the game is really neat, and the music is superb (though, admitedly, that track is only one you'll hear right then, and another time  during the credits). The game ramps up 'slowly' with ever building tension throughout your playthrough. The stakes will get ever higher the more you play. The story is fairly interesting and it happens to get better the more you play. There are multiple NPC characters (that are alive) that you can help (or kill) which give you side-quests or can assist you with certain tasks. The station itself is large and 'open' in that there aren't any specific plot points you have to get in order to access different places, you're allowed to go wherever you want, if you have the right credentials or skills. The endgame is disappointing, not in the story, but the gameplay, you'll end up having to sneak/run past a bunch of respawning enemies which you don't want to engage since it's not worth it; that being said, it suffers from the same problem that Underrail had with it's endgame. The ending itself though, is pretty cool.Depending on the difficulty that you play as (I'd suggest not doing the higher difficulties, I played on normal and died numerous times and eventually pushed it back down to easy just so I could enjoy the game some more), you're going to have to utilize a number of different strategies in order to tackle the challenges that you face. Most of the time you cannot just go head first into the fray without being obliterated by whatever. You have to think, sneak, and be creative with your solutions to those problems; and believe me, there are a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of tools that you can utilize to aid you. There are multiple types of enemies with various subtypes that are pretty interesting and go along with what was mentioned above.The FPS elements are subpar, modern gameplay enhancements like ironsights are missing and gun handling is... iffy. Ammo is sparse, but you can create your own, which some of the time enemies can be bullet spongy which causes you to use your a lot of your ammo for... little effect. You can upgrade your weapons which can increase their effectiveness, and this is mandatory if you play to shoot things.Overall I'd rate this game 8/10."
76561197972091657,Recommended,480490,31592250,Posted: 6 May,all,Rhia,This game so far is everything I hoped it would be.Its a love letter to System Shock with hints of Bioshock by the minds that brought you DishonoredIf you are a fan of all 3 of those games this is worth picking up.
,Recommended,480490,31592098,Posted: 6 May,all,Kinky Koala,"3 hours in and I am in love and creeped out. I never played the original Prey, and I did not really have any idea what this one was about either, but I knew I had to at least give it a shot since it had Bethedsa tied to it. It is awesome! Mechanics are Great. Runs smooth as hell! Day one PC game runnig great, what!? Story is intriguing. Cannot wait to finish this bad boy!P.S. The muisc adds such a nice touch to the creppiness of the game. It reminds me a lot of what the music did for Stranger Things."
76561198011535705,Recommended,480490,31595050,Posted: 6 May,all,Dank Prophet,"Never thought I would write a review for a game, but damn this game was amazing.  If you liked the Bioshock series you will absolutely love this game.  It combines both an awesome skill system with great combat and the ability to make your own decisions.  Was definitely one of the best games that I have played in a while. So, do I recommend this game? 100% I recommend this game, 10/10."
,Recommended,480490,31596107,Posted: 6 May,all,Sculpin,"Reall feels like Bioshock brought forward.Physics tend to make things wobble around on their own sometimes. I got jump scared by a regular cup and shot it. I laughed, the lamp laughed, shot the lamp, kept laughing."
,Recommended,480490,31595984,Posted: 6 May,all,Turtle,"The new Prey is amazing and feels on some level almost as inovative as the old. So many cool little things to find and do. Read something interesting on a console? It might not trigger as a quest, but if you do as the email says you'll often find something awesome. The combat is fun and a little scuuuurry here and there. Great use of perspective ♥♥♥♥s with you throughout. Reminds me in a weird way of Half Life 2 and The Stanley Parable although I don't quite know why."
,Recommended,480490,31595798,Posted: 6 May,all,adam.muise,It feels like a lighthearted mix of Half Life and Dead Space. Want some first person Sci-fi action? Liked the Dishonoured series? Then grab this and you won't be disappointed. I'll come back and review again if I find it earth shattering after 4 hours of game play.
76561198049491962,Recommended,480490,31596419,Posted: 6 May,all,KinkiestToast,Holy batshit robin! This game is the most fun I've had in a long time. The perfect mix of bioshock and dishonored. 11/10 would recommend.
76561198011019539,Recommended,480490,31596434,Posted: 6 May,all,Fedex780,Never been so afraid of coffee mugs beforeI love this feeling!
,Recommended,480490,31595878,Posted: 6 May,all,Sketti Psychadelia,"I've never been this afraid of chairs, the game."
76561197975528794,Recommended,480490,31596210,Posted: 6 May,all,WarEnforcer,"Great game, you will never trust random chairs and boxes so little."
76561198134663680,Recommended,480490,31595923,Posted: 6 May,all,Mkhrnc,10/10 would mimic into a coffee mug again
,Recommended,480490,31611083,Posted: 7 May,all,Qzik,It's got a Mick Gordon soundtrack and it's a better BioShock game than BioShock Infinite was - do yourself a favor and buy this game as soon as you can.
76561198072004752,Recommended,480490,31593059,Posted: 6 May,all,dinvlad,"Sorry to complain, but the game crashes every time I load some saves. This happens quite a lot actually. I have a high-end system that works well for all other games, so the setup is not the problem. This bug really ruins the experience for me. Hope the game gets fixed soon."
,Recommended,480490,31592862,Posted: 6 May,all,Rennat888,A fantastic game! It always keeps me on the edge of my seat.
76561198130193542,Recommended,480490,31592786,Posted: 6 May,all,McCree,"I just finished this game. Best singleplayer game I have ever played. And the end is such a twist.If you are going through this for the first time do keep in mind that your choices are gonna matter in the end, example if you decide to save someone or kill them even though they seem useless it is gonna matter in the end.Everyone should try this game.﻿"
76561198382601373,Recommended,480490,31593046,Posted: 6 May,all,tommymaki1123,Interesting story gameplay is exiting and fun just wish they would have more types of alien enemies so far there arent that many
,Recommended,480490,31592951,Posted: 6 May,all,Amarantha,"Freakin awesome game. Nicely optimized as it can run well at 1080p on a 3yo laptop, the story keeps you hooked, and the mimics will make you have heart attacks.All in all a very good game, definitely a contender for them ""game of the year"" awards."
,Recommended,480490,32070990,Posted: 30 May,all,Mothra,"It's called ""Prey"", but it's essentially a System Shock game, and is actually more like System Shock than the Bioshock games were. Atmosphere and story are superb. The GLOO Gun is a pretty rad weapon and you should use it as often as possible. More enemy variety would have been nice, but what's there works pretty well. The gameplay peeters off at the end. It's not perfect, but I would buy a sequel of this."
,Recommended,480490,32090196,Posted: 31 May,all,Barrel,"This is a great game, first of all. If you loved system shock, bioshocks, all the shocks, you'll adore this. It takes assets from those games and builds off them with a pretty fantastic concept and story. Not to mention we've got some cosmic horror thrown into the mix. A+ Do not miss this game!"
76561197969488185,Recommended,480490,31755167,Posted: 14 May,all,Gweihir,"So far, I like it. I do not think the criticism of the wernch being inaccurate is valid, I have no problem with it. Also, the weapons seem to be fine too. The thing is, I think many people are mistaking this for a shooter, which it is not and does not try to be. Just like  System Shock, Bioshock, Deus Ex, Dishonored, etc., this is a hybrid RPG/puzzle/shooter/stealth game and if the only thing you seek is to blast through it, you will be disappointed. If, on the other hand, you appreciate a game being more than one-dimensional and have you figuring out things with some shooter-aspects being in there as well, then you will likely find this a worthwhile addition to the genre.System: Win7, FX8350, 16MB, Radeon R9 290, everything running smoothly."
,Recommended,480490,32116577,Posted: 1 June,all,Regyptian,Intense. Good story and gameplay. Liked it.
,Recommended,480490,32122255,Posted: 1 June,all,The Chameleon,"If you're a fan of System Shock 2, Bioshock, or games like those, you'll find a lot to like here.  It's actually better, in some ways - the choices you make and the things you do are all noticed and make a difference both on the way the game plays out and how the game ends for you... even the small things you don't think much about!  The varying difficulty levels allow you do everything from breeze through (more or less) without much challenge to wear out your quicksave/quickload keys from dying so often.  The introduction of the GLOO cannon allows you some interesting freedom in exploring the environment and dealing with enemies.It's not without its drawbacks, though - the collision detection is spotty sometimes, especially when trying to move objects around and/or platforming with GLOO projectiles, and the game has some inventory management issues if you're the type to collect everything (and you'll want to, since most everything you pick up can be scrapped for materials which can be used to make other things).  These are small matters, though, and don't detract much from the overall experience.It's definitely worth picking up if you're into sci-fi/rpg hybrids with a minor horror element and an emphasis on exploration and combat."
,Recommended,480490,32098563,Posted: 31 May,all,Reed,"A superbly designed immersive crawl through an immense retro sci-fi mega-dungeon. Multiple play styles, paths, solutions, and options are always tantalizing you, urging you to explore just a bit longer."
,Recommended,480490,32111955,Posted: 1 June,all,austintsunami,"Oh man, is this a good one.Did you play BioShock? System Shock? Maybe enjoyed a little Dead Space back in the day?The comparisons to BioShock and System Shock are apparant, but I want to just say that this is another fine entry in the ""space horror"" franchise that Dead Space almost perfected, before falling into an action laden mess in Dead Space 2 and 3. It's has a little bit of an Alien Isolation feel too, if you enjoyed that, although you're less helpless and your antagonist is less... overwhelming.The game is full of interesting choices - how you approach a problem, enemies, quests. Wanna blast through enemies? Good luck. Wanna try to adapt and fight dirty with their own tricks? Go for it. Wanna evade them carefully with distraction and building your own path through an area? Have fun.The only minor gripe I have regarding the choices is in the resolution of everything story-wise, no spoilers: the ending isn't terrible in my opinion, but it does leave a little to the imagination. Which I suppose isn't bad, it's definitely unique. This game's narrative is pretty twisty, if you like that sort of thing.But really, the variety available to how you play through is remarkable, and the campaign will definitely warrant a return for me later. I took my time and sunk 30 hours into my first playthrough, playing a very specific stealth/action focused way, and doing a lot of the side quests peacefully.I suppose a chunk of that time is spent on loading screens though, so beware if waiting between zones fills you with rage. You're free to move about, but each area is small (but crazily detailed) that moving between the main theaters of play to accomplish missions or get your bearings will inevitably leave you at a loading screen for a few seconds. Over the course of the game, these moments added up, but I wasn't too bothered.The difficulty spikes a little early on - until you shake up how you play. Same with later in the game, where things seem to speed up just a bit and rush you through some truly unforgiving sequences. I did save scum quite a bit, because I have no honor, and careless mistakes cost me dearly. Do not feel bad about doing the easier modes, the game's worth it; I'm a masochist.The game doesn't do a lot of ""oh my god how innovative and new"" things in terms of gamepley, compared to others before it - weapons, abilities, exploration... they all feel familiar, but not stale. Prey combines elements from other juggernauts almost flawlessly, and in such an interesting and ambiguous world and narrative that it warrants a look. I was blown away in the first hour, so definitely try the demo if you're on the fence. I particularly love the core enemy concept - a creature that makes any potential throwaway piece of scenery and breakable bottle a potential threat. 100% pick this up if it's on sale, and if you enjoy any degree of first person action/horror/thriller titles that empower you to play how you want."
76561198245940774,Recommended,480490,32114265,Posted: 1 June,all,deansbeans,"Decent game.  Spent a solid 2 weeks on it.  Hated the map system though.  You know you have to get from A-B, but other than the line between the two, you have no idea how.  Since there's many ways a user can navigate this game, it's hard to follow exactly what you have to do and/or what sections are too OP for you to enter.  Overall good, but some areas were sensed to have some bad architect."
76561198076303331,Recommended,480490,32055821,Posted: 29 May,all,iainscovell,"I decided to shorten my review of this game. It's great, get it, enjoy it. Be wowed by how good of a job they have done. Basically a more modern version of Bioshock 1, in space with aliens."
76561198125691913,Recommended,480490,32116834,Posted: 1 June,all,Livestick,"Prey is an enjoyable, but ultimately forgettable game. While the game is a perfectly competent FPS, it really doesn't do anything that other games don't do better. It's absoluetly worth playing but I'd recommend waiting for a sale before buying."
,Recommended,480490,32142732,Posted: 2 June,all,Thiccqboi,"If you liked Bioshock and System Shock, you're going to like this game. It's honestly a love letter to the ""immersive sim"" style of game from the late 90s and early 00s. It's not really a horror game, but it definitely does have its moments and does a great job of making you paranoid about what is a mimic and what isn't.  Gameplay is awesome and the later upgrades are pretty damn fun. The story also pleasantly surprised me with how good it is. It's not a master of storytelling like Witcher 3, but it's well done and has plenty of side detail just laying around the game that is waiting to be discovered."
76561198052900602,Recommended,480490,32155823,Posted: 3 June,all,mormegil,"After 72 Hours i have finished Prey, and experienced 4 different endings. I have to say this is one of the most polished and nuanced games i have ever played. I Ran into a few glitches, but I have to give it a 10 out of 10 despite that.Thank you, Arkane Studios for giving me the System Shock 3 I always dreamed of.  Starbreeze is going to have a hell of challenge ahead of them. Prey has raced the bar pretty dam high."
76561198063580578,Recommended,480490,32156491,Posted: 3 June,all,Lazureth,"&&$@ awesome!!!! Loved it!  Kept me interested. Hard but not too hard. This is why I play video games. Good as it gets single player. However, it would stutter after an hour or so. I have a 1080ti so I know it's not me. I quick restart and all ok. This happened many times."
,Recommended,480490,32146858,Posted: 3 June,all,siuying,"A brillant game. Remind me first time playing Bioshock, mixed with Dishonored and Deus Ex.Beautifully designed to let you choose the way to overcome challenge. You can adapt alien power to become unstoppable, or use gun to blast alien, or use environment, stealth and combination of them. You cant possibly do them all at once, this means you can replay the game with totally different style. You become stronger as the story progress, but the game keep the challenge. I like how it constant remind you to watch the surrounding, read the details or you will regard.The story is remarkable. Characters are well written, especially if you spend time to explore many optional side missions. I do not expected the final plot twist, but I like how the choices I made actually matters.There are some minor technicaly issue like some scene with poor performance, or osscational quest bug. It would not change the fact that it is one of the most memorable game I played this year. Definitly want more game like this."
76561197961142540,Recommended,480490,32162810,Posted: 3 June,all,Beelzebub,"Great game, graphics, difficulty was amazing (hard was actually hard)  I felt Bioshock, system shock and even a little bit of metroid (scannable things)  I didn't have problems with bugs or glitches maybe I was lucky.. however the game did crash twice.   The only thing I didn't like about this game is the lack of replayability.  Aside from achievements theres almost no reason to play it longer and it seemed really short even going through and picking up everything and doing as many sidequests as possible.  10/10 gameplay.  0/10 replayability"
,Recommended,480490,32138926,Posted: 2 June,all,lichen,"Absolutely fantastic game mixing elements of System Shock 2, Thief, and Doom. Great story, great environment, great feel. Best PC game in a long, long time. Hopefully Arkane creates a sequel."
76561198124938161,Recommended,480490,32166604,Posted: 3 June,all,mrfang20,"This game is amazing. Even after you beat it, you can play it over and over again. Highly recommended."
76561197979171394,Recommended,480490,32165882,Posted: 3 June,all,Hong Meiling,"Par excellence for the genre. There are a lot of imitator's vying to be the spiritual sequel System Shock 3, but this one really pins it down. The open structure of the game allows for a very curious player to explore several subsectors at a time without the tired ""oh no the door locked up ahead, better go find the etc"" trope showing up ad nauseum. If you're clever with your skills and have a sharp eye, you can bypass a great deal of security and lockdown and get where you want to go.Narrative choices don't tend to be of the bog-standard dialog choice variety. There are a handful of endings, and you get to them based on what actions you took in game. It's a welcome, organic means to this well-tread trend that plagues many other games that espouse freedom.However, I strongly suggest playing on a higher difficulty than one would usually be accustomed."
,Recommended,480490,31875810,Posted: 20 May,all,lackAdaiscal,"A really amazing game with a very well developed and interesting storyline. I particulary enjoyed all the twists and suprisingly interesting side quests. But the truly best thing here was the constant, steady tense atmosphere throughout the game. A really nice combination of survival, horror, and shooter elements. Game controls and mechanics are all excellent. No crashes or glitches. This title got serious potential if it stays true to this direction. It is also original all around.Update: I played through a couple other games since I finished this and I felt like going back to this review to emphasize how awesome this game is - the last game to come out and be even half as good was Fallout 4 which was too much of a Sim City simulator to my liking with a more boring story and not as awesome of an atmposphere. This game got the absolute perfect proportions of all the elements - it is a masterpiece I will be surely replaying over and over again until the second one comes out. Please keep them coming but no rush, I wan't the next one to be original and epic!"
76561197993744526,Recommended,480490,32177411,Posted: 4 June,all,lepothier,System shock 3.Thank you guys.goty with zelda
76561198335962419,Recommended,480490,32701384,Posted: 23 June,all,InfiniteCookies,I liked it.
,Recommended,480490,31691484,Posted: 11 May,all,Darkwing,"The most proper spiritual successor to System Shock 2, better than Bioshock will ever be. Don't play this game expecting a hardcore FPS where you go guns blazing. Enemy encounters are thoughtful and require using different tools/powers, and taking tougher enemies head on will likely result in death. A game where even the easier two difficulties can give you a run for your money. Very interesting story to boot.tl;drSystem Shock 2 fans, this is a must buy."
,Recommended,480490,32705790,Posted: 23 June,all,thesoulgazer,"Start in a horror game as a poor ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with a wrench nervously looking around for mimics, end as action shooter as the lovechild of Deus Ex augmentations and Bioshock tonics make you into a total badass."
,Recommended,480490,32297495,Posted: 9 June,all,Icemage Antonius,"A welcome homage to System Shock 2 (one I hope Nightdive will take tips from and not lose faith in their own SS2 remake over), with funky alien and superhuman abilities. There are tonnes and tonnes of subtle and not-so-subtle moments reminiscent of the shock series games.But by no means is it just recycled. Lots of refreshing aspects, great dialogue and ambiance, memorable characters, and well conceived plot.The singular negative so far has been the updates meant to stop savefile corruption actually causing it. Atm, I'm trying to do my 4th playthrough with some teething pains there, but nothing major. The 'split affinity' achievement is a little tiresome in that you can't just use a savefile near the end and redo them from there, so wanting more achievements means being forced to playthrough again from scratch.Visually excellent and the optimisations done in partnership with AMD are very welcome. I would have loved even more content and look forward to the sequel.Multiplayer?!  I don't normally push for multiplayer, but MY GOD THIS WOULD BE SO GREAT WITH MULTIPLAYER TRYING TO HIDE FROM ONE ANOTHER :D (Garry's mod style) - PLEASE CONSIDER ADDING THIS :D"
,Recommended,480490,32823990,Posted: 26 June,all,astraljunkie,"This is my first time writing a Steam review, but this game deserves it. I'll start by saying I'm a HUGE fan of System Shock 2 - and this game does service to it that classic gem in every way, down to the inclusion of Psi Hypos and performing research. The first two hours of the game are a bit frustrating, because you're way underpowered at first. But stick with it, and I guarantee you'll be blown away. Some commentors have complained about the combat, but this game requires strategy, thoughtful upgrading, and learning the weak points of enemies; you can't just run-and-gun at the start of the game. Once you get the basics down and begin augmenting your abilities, you can mold your play style into whatever suits you, offerring immense replay value.Like another reviewer said - this is the best thing I've played since Alien Isolation.Also of note - flawless 60fps gameplay on the highest graphics preset on my GTX1060 and i5-6500."
,Recommended,480490,32822935,Posted: 26 June,all,EHphonehome,"Excellent blend of Deus Ex/Dishonored-style 'immersive sim' gameplay with Metroidvania-style progression and exploration, and an intriguing sci-fi story that was comepelling (almost) all the way through. If you enjoy either (or especially both!) of those genres of games, this is a great release."
76561197986025363,Recommended,480490,32913321,Posted: 27 June,all,anvil,"Maybe I shouldn't write a review while frustrated, but whatever gives you motivation, I suppose.I really want to like this game right now. It's very atmospheric, brings me back to playing the Thief demo back in the day. I find that I gravitate towards a stealthy approach in most games I play, and have the patience to stare at a patrolling NPC until I learn its routine. This game delivers that in spades......because it's the best option. You can run from your enemies, but they can run faster (e.g. teleporting behind you). You can fight your enemies, but they can fight harder; it can take multiple clips from a somewhat modified pistol to down one of the big guys - nevermind the wrench. So that pretty much leaves you hiding and sneaking, which is fine. But be prepared to die a lot, because if you put ONE foot wrong, they're coming for you.At this point, I know you're teetering on the edge of your seat, anxiously waiting to hear why I'm frustrated. I Alt+F4'd out of the game just now because I died. Why? Because I accidentally hit the ""F"" key after deploying a turret to protect me from a gaggle of nasty little spiderheadcrab things, which caused me to hack it (perhaps the single most annoying hack system I've ever encountered, as an aside). There's no obvious way of cancelling said hack that I can divine. I then failed that hack and it drained my health to a mere 1 point, whereupon the spiderheadcrab ooze things descended upon me and killed me dead. Typhons. I think that's the official name of the oozlings. Typons? In any event, perhaps there's a way to cancel the hack so that I'm left with a smidge more vitality with which to wield my mighty wrench, but honestly I can't be bothered to find out at the moment.The story is just enough to keep me coming back, but cor... this game can be really frustrating."
76561198137431337,Recommended,480490,32917339,Posted: 28 June,all,Netflix N' Pill Cosby,"Prey is a very immersive game with a creepy atmosphere. You'll be peeking around every corner and second guessing everything you pick up. If you are teeter-tottering on where you should buy the game or to leave it in the store you definitely should give the game a chance, i'm sure you won't regret it."
,Recommended,480490,32894335,Posted: 27 June,all,Vareks^^,If you liked Bioshock there's a good chance you like this game
76561198336801738,Recommended,480490,32858212,Posted: 27 June,all,shadow-khan277,I personally love this game played it three times already. <3 Though one mission was a hoof to the flank.XP I still recommend it and enjoy the gameplay I tried to see all endings.  10 out of 10Spoilers : Mimic's are evil. XD
76561198139154430,Recommended,480490,31589008,Posted: 6 May,all,QWERTY,.
,Recommended,480490,33012216,Posted: 29 June,all,Catastasis,"In my opinion, Bethesda make quality games. Prey is no exception. The playstyle is very Bethesda-esque, but for some reason the game also reminds me of Portal and Bioshock (which is positive of course). The world feels big and you are free to roam (albeit some obstacles here and there but there are always more than one way to go about them). I am really enjoying taking my time and exploring as much as I can. Try to sneak around enemies where you can though, to save ammo (I learned the hard way!)As for the story: I haven't completed the game yet but the story is so far very interesting and the side quests are both fun and interesting as well."
,Recommended,480490,32972769,Posted: 28 June,all,SPART4N,"Prey is an easy game to like. It combines some of the best aspects from sci-fi games and presents them all in one interesting, thought-provoking campaign. The gameplay is fluid and allows for sufficiently different playstyles, and the progression system was handled well, in that I felt like I was using a wide range of my abilities. I did not feel like I had to trudge through a tree of abilities for one specific ability at its end.I particularly like the way in which the area you explore is presented. You are on board a space station, and while I was initially turned off to the idea of being confined to just this station since I didn't want moving around it to seem repetitive, the game handled it very well and the progression of the main and side quests made the exploration of the station feel natural and not like a burden. There are plenty places to find small loot stashes and hidden areas, so there is a natural desire to keep exploring the station. The crafting system is simple enough that you don't need to spend too much time thinking about it. That is, the accumulation of materials for crafting just from playing normally is sufficient, I never felt that I had to grind for a specific component.Prey's storyline has a few well-placed twists that keep the story moving and the player engaged. I especially enjoyed the opening few hours of the game, which truly felt unique and fun. Prey's introduction is executed very well in keeping players guessing and only giving you just enough information; the game always seems to be one step ahead of you.Some argue that Prey's enemies are a bit too difficult. I disagree. With proper use of a multitude of abilities, and really utilizing all your resources, no enemy is too tough. The ability to scan enemies to learn their weaknesses also helps significantly with this, so you can use all the right weapons and abilities for particularly strong enemies. Of course, dumping ammo into an enemy head on is not going to be effective, but disabling enemies and knowing which attacks to use makes the game a challenge, but not impossibleIn terms of stability, I did have a couple random crashes, especially towards the end of the game. There were a few spots where framerate would drop significantly, even with decent processing power. Loading while moving between areas seems to freeze up sometimes.Though, my largest issue with Prey is its resolution, or really lack thereof. Prey provides you with the opportunity to make a plethora of different choices throughout its campaign, though in the end it seems like most of your decisions don't matter. Prey left a need for resolution in its conclusion in what seems to be very similar to Mass Effect 3. So many choices to make, culminating ultimately in a lame ending that seems to brush off anything you did really. It seems more of a ""you did this, this, and this"" ending rather than explaining the consequences of the choices you made.Overall, playing Prey was an enjoyable experience. Parallels can be seen between it and many other sci-fi franchises (Alien, Bioshock, Dead Space, etc.), and the vast majority of the game is fun and does not feel like a chore. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who has enjoyed games from those aforementioned series.TL;DR:+ Gameplay allows for many different playstyles+ The bulk of the story is presented skillfully+ Progression system is flexible and rewarding+ Combat is challenging to begin, but using all your powers proves to be effective- Some stability issues (crashing, freezing, framerate drops)- Ending handled poorly in terms of showing consequences of decisions"
76561197975487830,Recommended,480490,33011300,Posted: 29 June,all,Templar,This game is leaves you wanting more in a good way.
76561198332611109,Recommended,480490,33011018,Posted: 29 June,all,fancher,This is a must play game!
76561198397390108,Recommended,480490,33044421,Posted: 30 June,all,doctortriforce,super game i simply love it
76561198081833792,Recommended,480490,33042570,Posted: 30 June,all,#yoloswagkony2012,"Basically bioshock but outside the windows is space, not water. Amazing game, confusing the whole time, scare AF at times. Level design is the best I've ever seen. Fun weapon crafting and ability modification."
,Not Recommended,480490,31553451,Posted: 4 May,all,abdullah.alawadhi,"This game looks like an early PS4 game with a graphical update for a PC rerealese.Gameplay opinion coming later.As at the moment the game has a very positive review, I will recommend it.Update:I wanted to like this game, but I can't continue with it anymore. The action part of the game is very bad. I even switched the difficulty to easy, and even then the game felt like a chore. There's no strategy or way to avoid the respawning enemies. I also don't understand the ""fear element?"" of the game where whenever an enemy appears the screen blacks out a little. By mid game and running around with a shotgun I would think the character would get used to the repetative enemies.*SPOILER*And the stupid nightmare being is the worst idea. On top of the mundane enemies, this stupid thing hunts you every now and then, and I believe there's more than one? As I killed one and wasted most of my resources on it, but it reappeared again. You can hide and escape it (basically cower and hide in a corner until the timer finishes), but for a game that is not very good at stealth, this was really unneccessary for the game.*END OF SPOILER*The game has a lot of system shock/bioshock elements and nice ideas as well like manufacturing and recycling that are very easy and not tedious like other games with crafting.I wish I can recommend it, but the game is a chore and I usually finish a game before moving to the next one, but I'm done with this one."
76561198070983518,Recommended,480490,33039903,Posted: 30 June,all,Spawn,NICE ONE
,Recommended,480490,33113888,Posted: 1 July,all,waterbottles,♥♥♥♥ing fantastic
,Recommended,480490,33246453,Posted: 4 July,all,bobjoe15,I haven't gotten very far yet but the opening in this game is one of the best I have ever seen in a game. The only thing i dislike is the constant jump scares but you get used to them. If you haven't picked this up get it on sale right now.
,Recommended,480490,33298669,Posted: 5 July,all,Lifting Bros,"Aesthetically pleasing (that opening credits scene though!) and gripping. This game keeps me thinking ahead and sitting on the edge of my seat. Great mechanics, easy controls, incredible voice acting, and superb soundtrack. This game only makes my fangirling for Bethesda games that much stronger!"
76561198059774124,Recommended,480490,33300250,Posted: 5 July,all,Claffstar,"This is the first brand new game I've played in a while, so I thought I'd give it a review.This is the first game I've played since finishing The Witcher 3 and what a great decision it was to get right into this game. This game is really immersive. There are so many different ways to accomplish your tasks in this game.I've never felt so rewarded for exploring the map in a game before. If an obstacle is stopping you from completing a mission there are typically several ways to use what tools you have to work around it. Even if a door is locked and you don't have your hacking leveld high enough, there are usually multiple ways to work around it. This game rewards you for your creativity in problem solving.The game can be a little brutal during your first few enemy encounters, but you should take it slow and try thinking your way around it, or craft enough nueromods to buy the right talents so you can go full Rambo mode if you wish.I rarely buy games when they are this expensive, but I'm glad I did in this case. This is the kind of game that is worth a few play throughs."
76561198028795569,Recommended,480490,33301735,Posted: 5 July,all,ThePhynix,Great gameplay and storyline. I like games that make you think by solving problems. Prey does this very well. also having multiple solutions to each problem.
,Recommended,480490,33076958,Posted: 1 July,all,I Cookeh I,Great game
,Recommended,480490,33091186,Posted: 1 July,all,Yay992,"It's pretty fun and the story was very interesting. However, because of how short the game can be and the little amount of replayability the game has, i'd say pick up the game when the price tag is $30 or lower. $60 is a bit too steep for this game."
,Recommended,480490,33102477,Posted: 1 July,all,I_Am_Sithis,"Well I finally beat prey, I went for the most humane route trying to save everyone I can, and avoided all non-human powers. It wasn't easy and it took 30 hours due to how much I wanted to try to do and find; the game can be beaten in like 10 hours if you just rush through it. And I really enjoyed it, I'll likely be replaying it to find out more info I didn't get and to experience the game on a different moral compass, but if anyone was considering getting Prey, I'd 100% recommend it especially while it is on sale on steam."
,Recommended,480490,31593194,Posted: 6 May,all,renod,"Strange, Creative, Different, Spooky, and sets a very high bar for all other shooters; NOT another brainless shooter. PG-13."
,Recommended,480490,33112578,Posted: 1 July,all,Zenitix of the Eldritch Horrors,"I love the atmosphere of this game's world, and the constant tension caused by the basic enemy type being mimics and how any item can be evil and waiting to kill you. I enjoy that you can't trust anyone or anything, including yourself."
76561197970912729,Recommended,480490,33113242,Posted: 1 July,all,[MuG]Drewchebag,This game was AWESOME !!!!!!I RARELY play a game twice through...BUT this one well deserved it.
,Recommended,480490,33058336,Posted: 30 June,all,ThePoisonousLamp,"started game not knowing much, 10 minutes in plot twist. Said woah for 5 minutes straight. Spent 20 minutes trying to open a safe, only to find out how to do in 10 hours in. Wasnt till half game when i decided to get my first alien upgrade. overall great game. 10/10"
76561198187575835,Recommended,480490,33066873,Posted: 30 June,all,Staraxx,"I like this game, but I do not love this game. For reference, I love the Witcher 3. This game is interesting and story driven. Several of the quest choices really feel like they have an impact on the game, the overall gameplay was good, I enjoyed the pace of the game, and the ending was excellent.If you like Bioshock or Dragon Age type games, you will probably like this. However, for me this isnt a $60 game. I played complesionist mode in about 22 hours and found that the game really lacks re-playablility. The choices you can make along the ay are different, but the overall ending will be the same. There are only two real endings - people live or they die. No reason to play it a second time, therefore $60 for 20hrs of your time. The only other con I have with the game is the hacking system. I absolutly hated the hacking system. Its basically a maze where you need to get a ball to a circle in a  certain amount of time; the walls are 'bumper' walls and if you hit them it holds you up in making good time. I just didnt think it was a good hacking event.In conclusion, wait for a sale to buy this game."
,Recommended,480490,34727824,Posted: 3 September,all,Pimp Triskit,"Alright here is the breakdown!-Initial impressions:1. Felt like Dead Space and Bioshock had a baby and Prey was born. Seeing as my Profile picture is of Isaac from Dead Space, it's safe to assume that I like both those games. The reason why I say Prey is similar to these two titles is because it shares much of the upgrades/creepy/HUD and research that both games share.2. The game was fairly confusing and hard to grasp for the first hour or two. I love to explore, read into the story, and make all the right choices. Neuromods and the recycling system are a bit confusing, but as you play the game it makes sense.3. Pretty bland beginning, but the game sets it up that way to catch you off gaurd! I was impressed with how well thought out and executed the story was.4. Lots and LOTS AND LOTS  of backtracking! BUT on the good side, there are multiple ways to go back to where you need to(i.e. space walk, elevator, etc) so the game add's quests. Plus there is other challenges where you have been before so it doesn't make getting back easy.-Buying decisions:1. IF you like story driven games with moral and ethical decisions that you need to make as a character I think you will enjoy this. There are plenty of side quests to keep you busy! I played 39 hours on my first play through, and I completed all but 1-2 missions. Get this game when it is on sale, you will enjoy the creepy and erie nature of it.2. It is NOT overly difficult IMO. I played on hard (3/4 difficulty) my first time, and I found the game had far too few enemies to fight. Most of them were found going back to sections you have been through before as you finish another mission. The beginning was the hardest for me, but when you learn how to counter enemies, you can do a lot of damage fast without receiving any. I was never low on ammo or first aid. I played with only human neuromods, so I did not have any sort of powers. I don't knopw how this effects difficulty.3. Good fun. I enjoyed it, and found myself wanting to finish and wanting to know how it ends. Not a lot of games do that. I was impressed with the fact that the whole game takes place on a space station that you can actually fly around it and see it's scale. Pretty fun.4. The ending. Well I won't spoil it, but it does leave some things to your imagination. Is it satisfying in every way? no, but it does♥♥♥♥♥with you a bit and I love that brain tease.Buy it on sale. 8/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,480490,34722648,Posted: 3 September,all,McGriddle,Excellent game very reminiscent of Bioshock
76561198064475058,Recommended,480490,31570136,Posted: 5 May,all,quebstion_mark,"Just a fantastic game. Overall this is a must buy for fans of stealth, FPS, story-driven campaigns, RPG elements, and a ton of actually meaningful choices that affect stuff later on (or sometimes immediately!)The good- Visuals are great, game runs very well- Lots of content, I hardly did any side quests and finished in about 20 hrs- Side quests are fun to go through and not just some mindless thing- Every side/main quest gives you more information about Talos I and its crew. You start to see the relationships the crew members had with eachother and with you- Talos 1 has lots of locations and places to find and explore- Intro sequence is genuinely incredible- Ending is very good as well (multiple endings based on choices)- Most of the information is found on interactive touchscreens where your crosshair is the mouse and pressing f is like a mouse-click, which helps with immersion greatly. You can use these computers to read emails that contain secret loot locations, safe combinations, general lore, blueprints for weapons, and side-quests.- Skill points, aka Neuromods are found/crafted rather than gained from level-ups. There are 3 main skill trees at the start and you get 3 more later. Every skill tree has multiple paths that level up specific things, like how much weight you can carry, how good you are at hacking and repairing, how well you handle guns and melee weapons, how much you can upgrade your weapons, etc.The bad- The cystoids are annoying to fight against, especially in low-grav areas.- Although the ending was good, there was one part of it that wasn't explained very well.- Most of the weapons felt super weak and underwhelming. The GLOO-Cannon was seriously an awesome weapon and tool but other than that it felt like none of the guns were real guns (except for the pistol and shotgun)- Alchohol heals for only 1 and makes you dizzy, the only upside is that it cures 'fear', which is a mechanics that hardly ever comes into play."
76561198114122923,Recommended,480490,33490940,Posted: 12 July,all,=/==/\==\=,"Shooter of quality caliber highest grade. Taking influence from classics like System Shock  and Bioshock and from Arkane's own software Dishonored. In my opinions Prey rises above these influences even to become game of greatest esteem. The enemy featured within the space station Talos 1 are the most fearsome and fun to fight I have experiened in this variety of game. Gameplay features an abundancy of choice; you can take on the enemies and environment in a variety of ways. There a large number of htings to accomplish within this game as well, giving it a feel like open world game. But it has better detail and gameplay than most open worlt games. Tito La Twist is honored to add this title to the Twist List."
,Recommended,480490,33654242,Posted: 19 July,all,FortAngel,"Arkane Studios gives us the best Bioshock game since Bioshock but with the stealth component that Bioshock clearly should have had but didn't*.All the stuff you expect from the makers of Dishonored: solid action, plot-influencing morality choices, well-realized environments, deft touches of horror, inexplicable audio logs everywhere... Prey is one of the most well-constructed and satisfying game experiences I've had so far this year and I heartily recommend it.*(excepting Burial at Sea, chapter 2, which amusingly reminded me so much of Dishonored I kept forgetting that Elizabeth didn't have the Blink power)"
,Recommended,480490,33650644,Posted: 19 July,all,L33,"PREY it!I was so immersed. Whether floating in space, doing recycling or creating multiple saves after putting together 20 neuromods to explore different skill paths ... this game hooked me up!Gameplay: smart, inventive and takes us back to the golden age of FPS games, with enough freedom to approach multiple and surprising situations. The characters are relatable, distinct and interesting and I found myself actually feeling some deaths and wanting to know the history of each corpse scattered around Talos I (and there is a story for the vast majority of them). Enemies keep us alert as they behave in a diverse and organic way, which requires creativity and fast thinking. It is very hard until mid game, Then it becomes an ""easy that punish you hard for the mistakes you should no longer commit at this point"", keeping the game challenging enough. 09/10Narrative: Keeps you interested in the story, presents you with a number of moral questions about humanity's role in the face of new discoveries, about what it is to be a human being, about the consequences of our choices and what we will do after doing them. 08/10Art Direction: It's exquisite! So many details in every part of the station, it really looks like a place that was recently inhabited. I really liked how this game referred me to 2001 Space Odyssey, Star Wars and Pandorum in its art style, its environment building and its verisimilitude. The weapons and equipment are aesthetic and logical, with an interesting and clean design. 10/10I always liked the work of Arkane Studios and with this game they put another gem in their catalog. Thank you so much for this game! Worth every penny."
,Recommended,480490,31739767,Posted: 13 May,all,SamBob001,"Prey wasn't the Reboot to the Prey of 2007 even though Arkane has brought a title worth mentioning this game had jawdropping monsters, story that was memorable, and a incredible way of doing things your own way just like in Dishonored 1 and 2 Arkane has done a well done job making this title"
,Recommended,480490,33709742,Posted: 21 July,all,Himmuguegeli,"One of Bethesda’s best games. It´s challenging, atmospheric and offers an interesting story with some interesting plot twists. The gameplay offers multiple ways to approach the game itself and with it. You can stealth your way through the game, shoot yourself through (as long as your ammo lasts) or use your environment against your enemies. I fell in love with the game mechanics and the story as well as the enemies were interesting enough to keep me playing until the very end. I recommend this to everyone who likes atmospheric single-player survival games which other a sandbox experience."
76561197984588261,Recommended,480490,33725390,Posted: 22 July,all,Davedemonix,"What a masterpiece!Prey can rightly claim to be up there with System Shock and Bioshock.I've just finished the game and I'm still blown away by it.In all the good regards it is old-school. It requires revisting the space station's numerous sections, but this doesn't feel like backtracking at all.  Instead it lead to an immersion I've rarely had in past years playing anything, really.It requires reading mails. books and piecing together the stories that unfolded on Talos I. The level design is such that it complements these stories - people are in their sections were they had announced to be in some mail somewhere before contact broke off. This plausible design and attention to details lead me to feel at home in Talos I and it's been years since I had that feeling in a game.The story is thought-provoking to say the least and it is refreshing to have a narrative that is not dumbed down and streamlined to cater to the lowest common denominator.This is clearly one of the diamonds of 2017. A must buy for anyone who liked System Shock!"
,Recommended,480490,33729910,Posted: 22 July,all,Via Coma (Quest For Happiness),"I think this was a great singleplayer experience. However, be warned, there is a lot of revisiting old areas over and over for primary and side missions. After 28 hours I found myself sprinting through areas filled with enemies that had respawned countless times. The first half of my playthrough I would carefully tag every enemy and execute a plan to wipe them all out. That enthusiasm died in the second half when parts of the gameplay felt like a chore. All of the unlockable weapons and gameplay changes that I chose to invest in were available around half way through, so back tracking combined with no changes in gameplay whatsoever left the game relying entirely on the plot, which was thoroughly intriguing but a bit drawn out at times.Very interesting concepts, and a definite buy for those seeking a relatively unique and fun singleplayer scifi adventure, especially if it is on sale!Another word of warning, be prepared for some jump scares. Nothing overwhelming but definitely found myself yelling at the screen a couple times."
,Recommended,480490,33485937,Posted: 12 July,all,Label,"For sure did not get the recognition it deserved. Definitely one of the best AAA titles I have played in a long time. Graphics are nice, and it's fantastically optimized. If you are looking for a sci-fi shooter, and potentially stealth based shooter if you play at the higher difficulties, I would highly reccomend you give Prey a try."
76561197998832294,Recommended,480490,33734692,Posted: 22 July,all,SKiTzzOiD,"One of the best games I've played in recent memory. Plot is engaging, storytelling is great, crafting system is fun, the entire map is explorable and most of it is interactive, you can leave the main plot behind to work on side quests, you can choose your own ending, you can play in different styles, etc. The list goes on and on."
,Recommended,480490,33735110,Posted: 22 July,all,Deus Auxilium,"Prey is a game that I started of enjoying, disliking and then loving at the end the issues i had was with backtracking and the skill tree but the gameplay was very enjoyable, fighting the typhons was fun due the differnt typhons such as a mimic which is weak but turns into objects around the area or a nightmare which is a giant typhon that hunts you and can one shot you (least it did for me). Exploration is the amazing in this game I have not felt so free in a fps game in a long time.Thanks to the GLOO cannon you can create these blobs and climb walls which allow you access places you can not normally enter with out a certain skill and also find secrets!Again the back tracking is annoying mainly due to the typhons respawning in the are which meant wasting ammo fighting them which is scarce and the requirements to create ammo are expensive (Least for me)Neuromods were not as in depth as i expected though, i was hoping for crazy builds that would make the game refreshing and have replay value.I went with Engineer and security and there was not much options in those trees that Impressed me.Engineering had more inventory spaces and unlock new repair levels and hit things harder with your wrench when i was expecting more repair things faster, gain more armor when using the repair tool, use less parts for repairing broken stuff.Security was just use weapon kits to increase stats more, you run faster, have more health (Though it had a flavour text saying your life span has increased which i liked) and nothing really much with guns at all it also a bullet time and stealth perk but i did not care for them I was expecting more on the lines of you can incapacitate humanoids with a non lethal takedown or  you do more dmg with X guy and maybe a skill that for when  you use X gun in a certain way you gain enhanced damage/GLOO things faster, faster reload speed and maybe less recoil on weapons. I know some of what I said is what the weapon kit does to the weapons but I would have prefered it to be part of the tree and use the weapon kits to create new perks/attachments for our weapons such as rounds that can do damage over time or transform the weapons to new ones with quirks e.g. transform the shotgun into a double barreled shotgun for more damage but less ammo.The SCIENCE! tree was just mainly focused on having psi points for typhon neuromods, it also had hacking, more hp from eating food and being able to harvest typhon organgs other than the harvesting typhon organs i did not find anything intresting.  It would've been great if they had a science perk that allowed you to create stuff for less resources or convert resources beacuase at the end of the game i had 120 exotic materials and i was barely havign 15 in the other 3.I didn't want to take the typhon mods in my playthrough because the turrets would become hostile and I thought it might impact my ending if I used them however they sounded enjoyable and intresting telekinesis, pyrokinesis, MIND BLAST and even being able to mimic objects like the mimics it sounds like you can ahve a lot of fun but I would still like it if the other trees had some intresting stuff in them to make you have alternative playstyles other than Space wizard and guy with gun.Still though all in all I give it a 7/10 and recommend it to people who have enjoyed both bioshock and system shockTL:DRPros: The story was great, the gameplay was enjoyable, the explortation was refreshing thanks to the GLOO cannon, has a really catchy synthwave song at the start of the gameCons: Backtracking was annoying due to enemies respawing however the freedom of movemnt made it also fun for creating shortcuts and finding secrets, neuromod trees could've been better"
76561198072379561,Recommended,480490,33761608,Posted: 24 July,all,the MILKMAN,"Legit, I love this game. Playing it through the second time now and it still freaks me out. Gripping story, even better gameplay. 10/10 recommended."
76561198054377865,Recommended,480490,33769420,Posted: 24 July,all,kjb7204274000,"It is games like Prey that make me wish Steam had a non-binary rating system.  A simple up or down is fine for a game like Doom or The Witcher, where I can unambiguously recommend something to almost anyone who plays games.  When a game like Prey comes along though...a simple 'Yes' or 'No' doesn't quite cut it.First of all, this game has a lot going for it.  The art direction and design are top-shelf, and the graphics are all very good and quite pleasing to look at.  A lot of people compare this game to BioShock, which itself was a System Shock successor, and I think those comparisons are fair.  Talos station feels lived in and real, for the most part.  The vibe that you get from the game is also unsettling and creepy, but it is less Dead Space and more BioShock in that regard.  This isn't a horror title.Now for the bad, and I haven't finished so take this with a grain of salt.  The combat mechanics are unsatisfying.  Your enemies all possess one main attack each, and it is either some melee or a 'glowing-death orb' that you had better keep your distance from.  The enemies hit like tanks too, so watch the hell out or you will be reloading.  You will be reloading from your last save frequently anyway, since not only do the enemies want to kill you, but so does everything else.  Get used to seeing 'No life signs' reloading screen.  Combine that with the weapon and suit upgrade system and you have a sort of recipe for failure.  The upgrade system makes only minor differences in your attack and survivability.  I think this may have been intentional, but the key is that it isn't fun.  The game doesn't seem to reward a person for upgrading firearms or your suit, so why bother?  The game that I thought of when I heard about Prey was the original Dead Space.  That game was all of those things; hard, terrifying and endlessly unforgiving.  BUT, when you got to the end and you had upgraded your stuff, the upgrades felt like they made a tangible difference in your ability to survive.  Here, it's just sprites in slots.I am having a hard time summoning up the desire to finish the game at all.  At times I am frustrated by mechanics that seem either insanely difficult or just tedious, and even when I get past those challenges around the corner is the next one.  Repeat until done.  There is a lot to like here, and the game shows a tremendous amount of craft and effort.  This is NOT a lazy game, just a unique one.  Recommended if you have the patience of Job."
76561198047241651,Recommended,480490,33906187,Posted: 30 July,all,Squib,"It took me a little while to get into it, but I thoroughly enjoyed it by the end. While there are many gameplay aspects to distinguish it from Valve's Half-Life series, the story themes and gameplay aspects reminded me of Half-Life quite a bit. Definitely worth a play, though I wish I had not picked this up at full price and waited for a bit."
,Recommended,480490,33868138,Posted: 28 July,all,Cruz@,"Walked up to some noodles , Turned into an alien  10/10"
76561197971417681,Recommended,480490,33862547,Posted: 28 July,all,Anacro,"Ammo, need ammo, crafted ammo, ran out of ammo, crafted ammo, ran out of ammo,  died, retry, save, died, retry save, arrgh.Once you've upgraded your weapon things are a bit easier, but that might not be till a lot later in game, it depends on what upgrades/special abilities you opt for.You basically have a main quest and many many side quests, the side quests mostly consist of finding humans, there's a couple of other type of quests but won't spoil it.  They're nothing special(human quests) but it does give you something else to do.There's lots of notes/books to read in game, I've never been one for reading stuff like that in game, it's not essential to read it though.Got 35 hours out of it, not all side quests completed though.Overall I enjoyed it."
76561197970483508,Recommended,480490,33870925,Posted: 28 July,all,hel112570,"Another System Shock 2 inspired game that just isn't as good.That's not to say it isn't good.Pros:---------------------------------------------Story is interesting.Set pieces are well designed, the steampunk blends nicely.Lots to explore.Lots of hidden stuff to find.Blending of true events into the game to create an alternative historic timeline is very cool.A certain enemy ability really adds to a sense of dread felt through out early parts of the game.Very clever jump scares.Great sound, especially the enemies.Cons:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------Feels as if a play test group said ""It's too hard!"",""the game is sooo slow paced"", or ""I feel like the game has too much to manage"". The game was then altered for the console, COD kids..Enemies are repetitive and lack diversity.AI is dumb.Opportunities that to create Alien Isolation levels of fear through stealth gameplay are wasted.Respawning enemies, while not intrinsically bad, is done in a way that feels cheap and lazy.Graphically the game looks dated.Frame rates are unacceptably low given the game looks.Unchallenging even on harder difficulty levels, because of abundance of ammo.Recommend....you buy it on sale."
76561198093719353,Recommended,480490,33754753,Posted: 23 July,all,iansarmy1,"Prey is a solid but somewhat derivative game that borrows heavily from the Bioshock series. It's strengths are its setting and story, which are strong enough to keep you playing. Mechanically though, almost everything it does (other than the crafting system) were done better in the Bioshock series. The stealth and combat systems are clunky and inconsistent, the enemy design/variety is lacking, there are only 5 weapons in the entire game and the horror elements seem like an afterthought. The graphics, even when maxed out in 4k, are also a bit dated, especially for Cryengine.  Everything is passable, but seems half-baked; like you can see where some extra work could have taken it from ""solid"" to ""excellent"". Overall though its an enjoyable ~20hr experience, the quintessential buy on sale game."
76561198019861761,Recommended,480490,33907170,Posted: 30 July,all,M*A*S*H [a.m24],"Having finished new DOOM recently and part way through Alien Isolation  I was after another FPS Space Station horror/alien game. This is most defintely it, having played through to completion once, it is the ONLY game I have gone back to play through again straightaway on a higher difficulty level. Sure it's not perfect, but the tense story, jump-scares and multiple ways of achieving obvjectives (you can choose to develop you human powers, alien or both). It has a good mix of recycling and crafting without becoming overly burdensome like Fallout 3/4 and on my second playthrough I am STILL discovering new areas and secrets event though I thought I'd played it through thoroughly the first time! In summary, a highly enjoyable game, with some superb graphics, an interesting storyline and multiple different ways to play, definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,480490,33819834,Posted: 26 July,all,CAPGuy,"I literally cannot find anything wrong with this game.  The writing, dialogue, visuals, story, game mechanics; it was all perfect.Please, please make more games like this.  Games that make you think and question reality around you."
76561198016003941,Recommended,480490,33830803,Posted: 27 July,all,jdgonzo82,"Ok - Just completed Prey and wanted to share my thoughts. this is an excellent game and well worth checking out if you enjoy the Dishonoured series. the game is solid throughout. the presentation is glossy, the performance is smooth and the world and story is deep. took me around 35 hours on my first playthrough (hard difficulty.) The music/audio is also worth a mention...very, very good!!There is an incredible amount of stuff to do and learn within this world and nothing is as simple as it seems. it does feel like your surviving from one moment to the next constantly. you rarely feel like you have the upper hand.Some choices to make and the ending certainly is interesting, depending on what path you took. Will playthrough again to see other outcome but it'll be a couple of years before I do this all again...very memorable moments that I need to forget.Overall, i'd give it an 8 out of 10. More enemie variety would have been interesting. Less running about between departments on the ship towards the end game would be nice as the load screens get very boring!! Slightly more variety between departments on the space station would have been nice too. Highly recommended.NOTE: No idea why this was called PREY though. Doesn't represent what i see as a PREY game but..."
,Recommended,480490,33828954,Posted: 27 July,all,Goodly Iguana,"The first few hours are the best, when you have next to no weapons and the game is super spooky. Not knowing what and where mimics are was tense and awesome. But once I got a piece of gear that reveals mimics in disguise when you look at them, the game became a standard fps. Granted it had to be toggled, it completely took all surprise away and I started to miss 'not' having it. Sure, I could have just not used it, but why wouldn't I? The thing is op.I'll fully admit it, I screamed like a girl a couple times when a mimic jumped out at me. 10/10 until mimic spotter. rip. Still fun and heavy on the bioshock vibe."
76561197993077659,Recommended,480490,33829279,Posted: 27 July,all,Stahg,Great First-Person RPG.
76561198138943107,Recommended,480490,32742271,Posted: 24 June,all,Dank Mango,Quality
76561198042900808,Recommended,480490,31668466,Posted: 10 May,all,n898,"Fantastic game, but for those with less than the Recommended Setttings for a GPU, expect unbarable levels of texture pop-in.  The pop-in makes RAGE's look good in comparison.  For those who still have less than 4 gigs of VRAM, it's time for an uprgrade.Some extra advice: play on Nightmare if you're into classic FPS+RPG games, as the lower difficulties make a mockery of the gameplay systems and RPG elementsEDIT: I'm changing my review to Positive because, even with these problems, it's still my personal GOTY.  Again, I highly recommend playing on Nightmare along with the Prey For Death mod if you want to enjoy this game to it's fullest."
76561198008978604,Recommended,480490,33809481,Posted: 26 July,all,Dare Dan,"Enjoyed it quite a lot. Dense atmosphere, big space station to explore, interesting plot, satisfying character development. Graphics and sound exceed expectations. Runs smooth on 1920x1080 on a GTX770 on medium details.Loading screens are annoyingly slow, but this would already be one of the few downsides I'd mention.9 out of 10 System Shock / System Shock II déjà vus"
76561197993946610,Recommended,480490,33775711,Posted: 24 July,all,CrazySajan,Combination of Bioshock I and II and  and Half Life. If  you enjoyed those games you  will love this one!!!Also game is very good optimized and runs very smooth.
76561197960276681,Recommended,480490,33778341,Posted: 24 July,all,Tr|cks,"Fantastic game, a true modern rendition of Half Life"
76561198289579279,Recommended,480490,33837554,Posted: 27 July,all,Keera,"Finished the entire main story line in 33 hours because I wanted to explore every little nook and cranny of Talos 1. I found this game very fun and engaging. I always wanted to keep playing to know what was going to happen. Throughout the game I felt suspense and the music deifnitely enhances that aspect of the game. I will list a few pros and cons I can think of:Pros:-Being able to use mimic powers.-Psychoscope-Graphics are pretty neat.-Music is good.-Occasional jump scares.-Story is engaging, but a little predictable at times.-Depending on your decisions, you can have different endings to the main storyline.-Puzzles are not too easy to figure out.Cons:-For some reason the developers didn't put the option of taking Motion Blur off. I had to find another way online to take it off and it still didn't disappear entirely. I got a bit dizzy at times.-FPS drops in certain areas of the map and made it hard to combat.-Depending on where you are, resources may sometimes be scarce (especially ammo).-The choices you make sometimes have no consequence to certain parts of the story and I think they should.-Few enemy variety.Overall, I loved Prey and I recommend it 100%!"
76561198109815449,Recommended,480490,33925309,Posted: 31 July,all,solomspd,Great game and well optimised. Felt ALOT like the original bioshock game with a hint of alien isolation. Highly recommend it.
,Recommended,480490,33922149,Posted: 31 July,all,liongod0,"Feels just like Bioshock to me and I put the game down after around 5 hours which didn't bore me terribly but more importantly didn't inspire me to continue playing. MOSTLY, I think, because I already played Bioshock."
,Recommended,480490,33915261,Posted: 30 July,all,Beck,"What a great game.I can't help but to be reminded of the story and atmosphere of Bioshock but at the other end of the spectrum location and enemy wise.If you enjoyed the story and scenery of the Bioshock series and the combat mechanism of Doom 2016, you will definitively enjoy this game."
,Recommended,480490,33967420,Posted: 2 August,all,Cr4zyK11l3r,"I find this to be an amazing game.As a huge space nut I find th zero g sections in this game very well made. They are very immersive.From a gameplay point of view it is very solid. I find that a lot of people have been complaining about ""clunky"" combat which in my experience is simply not the case. I find personally find the combat to be very good. Quit satisfying to gloo up a phantom and then whack it apart with the wrench. The combat always forces you to quickly assess the situation and ensure you check your inventory for things like med kits, psy recharge kits, ammo etc to see if you can last in case the ""engagement"" goes awry.For me this is a certain 10/10Great game and a must buy for a sci fi enthusiast."
76561198092122744,Recommended,480490,34539132,Posted: 27 August,all,lfgm,"I don't normally bother to write reviews, however, this game deserves it. Absolutely brilliant and completely captivating. The system requirements are not as high as claimed, if you have an i-5 CPU and a 1060 GTX you will have a smooth frame rate all the way.Very much a combination of Deadspace and Dishonored. Play it, preferably over the weekend ;)"
,Recommended,480490,34491804,Posted: 25 August,all,Tom Bombadil,A superb thriller with a comprehensive and intriguing narrative.
,Recommended,480490,34537622,Posted: 27 August,all,Torchmaster,"If you enjoyed Bioshock or any game similiar to that style, this game is one of the best. Ignore the name, play the game."
76561197964781813,Recommended,480490,34540532,Posted: 27 August,all,simon,"Great athmosphere, characters and story. Voice acting is top notch, and though the game is quite scary, it is also full of intelligent humour."
76561197989908980,Recommended,480490,34539316,Posted: 27 August,all,Edgr,This is a really good game!(hard difficulty playthrough)PROS:The space station is huge and is carefully crafted with attention to detail. The maps are well designed. The upgrade system is pretty fun and the gunplay feels good. Exploration is really rewarding because there are a lot of hidden areas with items and places of interest.CONS:The only con I can think of is that collecting crafting stuff gets a little tedious after a while. Stockpiling huge amounts of trash to dump into the next recycler feels a bit out-of-role behavior for the protagonist. Less amount of trash but larger benefits for the little amount you do find would've been my preference.CONCLUSION:Highly recommended if you enjoy losing yourself in an engrossing sci-fi world. This game is surprisingly good.
,Recommended,480490,34407875,Posted: 21 August,all,Grape-Lookin' Slut,"A shooter which takes a lot of cues from the ""Shock"" series. Combat is not straightforward shooting as the majority of enemies can tank a direct playstyle. Instead, the game is built in such a way that each enemy is a ""puzzle"" of sorts which necessitates that the player take advantage of the environment and Neuromod skill trees creatively in order to succeed. The game can be obtuse at times but the focus on moral thought experiments and the subversion of those experiments and ramifications makes for an interesting playthrough that gives the player a lot to think about long after the credits have rolled.TLDR: Basically an updated System Shock 2 with a strong focus on environmental design, enemy design that rewards thoughtfulness over twitch shooting skills, and well-excecuted moral dilemmas."
,Recommended,480490,34087466,Posted: 7 August,all,MadPoppins,"*smash* Not a Mimic*smash* Not a Mimic*smash* Not a Mimic*smash* Not a Mimic*smash* Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥!!*smashsmashsmashsmashsmashsmash*wait 5 secs...*smash* Not a Mimic*smash* Not a Mimic...Prey while not completely unique, is a well blended game, with attributes of suspense, horror, action, adventure, FPS, and RPG. They're are many ways of playing the game, variable outcomes, and all kinds of ways to advance. There's a lot of lore and reading to be found through out the game, that explains and gives life to the setting.The difficulty (even at the highest settings) of the game can get muddled by the progress your character.It's definitely worth a couple playthroughs..."
,Recommended,480490,34132289,Posted: 9 August,all,thor32123,"It is an awesome game, for me it is a soild 8 out of 10The combat overall is fun but it just suck that you always run out of ammo or power.  The world is fun to explore but you run into infinitely spawning enemies so it goes back to the combat problem.  The loot like ammo and resources that you find do not respawn but the enimes do so ammo and resources become to Major problem.  But now that I address the faults lets move on, the game does feel more intense and a survival game because you have to manage your resources.  The enemies are challenging but fun to beat in a multitude of ways.  the world although more like a module of sandboxes put together does feel big and have a lot of fun and intersing things to do.  It all comes together in a way that makes this game great.Ps. it kind of feels like a mix of Dead Space 1, Bioshock, and Dishonored."
76561198077078759,Recommended,480490,34212276,Posted: 13 August,all,arty.anikey,I highly recommend playing Prey. I really enjoyed playing it.
76561198140682767,Recommended,480490,34206375,Posted: 12 August,all,OS_Hades,"Overall, this is a great game. I didn't really know what to expect going into it, but the time I spent playing it was very enjoyable. The combat system is engaging and rewarding both with standard fps weapons, and the alien abilities. Another aspect are all of the kind of optional puzzles you can complete with your items and abilites, that are really well done, hidden around the world. Your incentive for all of them being exploration, and items. Speaking of exploration, the open-world level design is seriously impressive. The whole station ties together and is connected and the atmosphere seems engaging and intricate. The story at times, slow, really picks up at the end (almost a bit rushed near end) but the story evolves into something so much deeper than I expected, and really had a cool Sci-Fi twist I did not see coming. I would highly reccomend as a different kind of shooter, Sci-Fi, horror game.8.5/10Some big cons were: Lack luster side quests, somewhat basic gun mechanics, game-breaking resource exploit, confusing, unhelpful navigation system, massive difficulty drop off near end."
,Recommended,480490,34208234,Posted: 13 August,all,Hoshijiro,"Game's story is top notch. It has a very Bioshock-y feel to it, in a good way. Enemy variety is, however, lackluster, to say the least. Crafting is simple, but boring. I played this game for how rich the story was. I wasn't disappointed. If you *loved* bioshock, this is a game for you. If not really, you should probably wait for a sale or something."
76561198025598976,Recommended,480490,34205164,Posted: 12 August,all,dsnerdking,"*tldr* like dishonored meats bioshock *cough* super origonal *cough*so the game play is awesome. you wield a wrench shoot guns and have ""upgrade style "" super powers. did i say it was like bioshock. well its on a deserted space station where you wander around trying to figure out what happened.... yeah allot like of bioshock. that's not really a bad game to be compared to. it isn't the same but that's the ballpark your swinging in. story wise it has a good mid game twist but the end is controversial. it made me mad but i think the journey is worth it. the feeling of fear is real in this game. at least for the first half. after a certain point, if you have a good eye for survival games, you should be fine with the last half. the enemies are varied the guns all feel unique from each other. nothing is duplicated. the glue gun is really fun. the game play and the world does it for me. its all dripping with detail and indirect story telling. i really had allot of fun with this game. the game is more then the sum of its parts."
76561198085185252,Recommended,480490,34203145,Posted: 12 August,all,The Scary Cow,"It's literally just another system shock game, and better for it."
76561197996381121,Recommended,480490,34223689,Posted: 13 August,all,russellfs,"The first thing you need to know is this is not like the old Prey games. If you expect that you might be disappointed. I liked this game quite a bit because it was basically a combination of the game play ideas from System Shock and Bioshock put together. The flavor in the game is very good! (Audio logs, notes, silly stuff and secrets) The over all plot is good but not exceptional. The game ran just great with mouse and keyboard.The game play is great with different ways to solve problems and stealth elements if you like them. Not a run and gun, almost the opposite of that and I think it is greater for that. There is backtracking but as someone who likes finding all the things I did not mind it. I spend at least 45 hours wandering about without looking up stuff.I am planning to play through this again with different choices. These days the fact that I plan to replay this is telling in and of it's self. Highly recommended! Particularly if you enjoyed the original shock games."
,Recommended,480490,31555727,Posted: 5 May,all,Pim #Baby Mario,fun well optimized game from day 1 but if you are on a budget and have to choose dishonored 2 is the better game in my opinion or you can wait for this to go on sale. Finished 7/13/2017Currently on Sale
,Recommended,480490,34566416,Posted: 28 August,all,PROlapsed Ninja,Single player prop hunt.
76561197970703040,Recommended,480490,34551936,Posted: 28 August,all,wiredTexan,"Excellent game. One of the best I've played in years and if Steam had not had it on sale I would have missed it. If you are a fan of the genre pioneered by games like System Shock and Deus Ex, you should seriously consider this game. It's been a while since a game pulled me in and kept me up well into the early hours of the morning.The only peev I had with the game was with the hacking system. Otherwise I felt the game was well designed and exectued. I did not encounter any bugs that I was aware of."
76561198033634412,Recommended,480490,34542168,Posted: 27 August,all,Momiji Inubashiri,"People asked me why I always keep a wrench on me, I told them... ""Mimics...""They laughed.I laughed.The pail hissed.I beat the pail with my wrench."
,Recommended,480490,34567088,Posted: 28 August,all,Avolicis,"Prey is an immersive and thrilling first person adventure that really hooks you in with its solid gameplay and intriguing storyline - and its pseudo-horror elements, depending on the difficulty you decide to play at. Almost everything in Prey just feelsgood, from its satisfying resource management system (getting rid of trash has never felt so gratifying), to its engaging level and enemy designs. Even the zero gravity sections are smooth, and only serve to heighten the sense of atmosphere surrounding Talos I. The graphics are excellent as well, featuring appealing retro-futuristic motifs juxtaposed with the harsh environment of space, all covered in a shiny next-gen feel.The only gripe I have with Prey is its audio design - not with the actual sounds and music, which are great, but with how sound is presented to the player. Oftentimes noises just don't seem to be coming from where they're coming from, and the player can hear sounds from behind a wall (or ceiling/floor) like they're right beside them. This is also very evident with voice lines, which sometimes sound like they're coming from within the player's face, and other times, don't.Other than that, though, Prey is pretty damn good."
,Recommended,480490,34566999,Posted: 28 August,all,Apple,"Awesome game. The ending's were absolutely Insane. The creativity In this game was amazing, there was no limits."
,Recommended,480490,34522334,Posted: 26 August,all,"Darth Nihilus, Lord of Hunger","Beautiful.Story was fantasic.Ending was fantasic.Beginning was fantastic.Everything was fantastic.Rarely do I ever enjoy FPS, but Prey really did it for me, so well in fact, that its easily one of the highest rated games I've ever played.10/10"
,Recommended,480490,34537351,Posted: 27 August,all,Centine,"Quite an excellent entry. It is in many ways a modernized throwback to some of the older classics such as System Shock 2. Personally I fancy narrative-heavy games with agency and Prey has that in spades.More plus points for the visual and audio design, internal consistency and creativity in respects to weapons offered and possible ways to complete objectives. While it does offer stealth, I think I would be hard put to sneak my way through the entire game but it does help a lot in the early stages of the game.Perhaps a few minus points for uneven difficulty scale and floaty controls for the rare and often skipable places where platform jumping is required."
76561198009129550,Recommended,480490,34537026,Posted: 27 August,all,Staedust,"Strategic first-person shooter with a hint of horror set in a futuristic environment.This game looked like it was going to be something similar to Bioshock and it is. Bioshock in Space (sorta)! It has not failed to disappoint in the slightest so far at 35+ hrs in. I like to take my time in games to make sure I have taken the most satisfying route while obtaining all the possible items in each area. I am a fan of companies like Bethesda and Arkane Studios because of the high quality games they produce. A lot of their games usually come with a bit of a dark element to them and I love it (including this one).The visuals in this game is astounding. Looking around the space station environment is awesome.The soundtrack is on point! Electronic music fits in the game perfectly while the creepier sounds create a more suspenseful atmosphere. I love the horror/creepy element in games, so I was happy that this game has some of that but not too much.The gameplay is smooth and you can go at your own pace. You are free to roam as well, so that's nice. The story is very interesting so far and I can't wait to learn more!The only issue I had with this game so far is when it deleted all my manual save files. I wasn't too upset though because it kept all of the autosave and quicksave files, which I found odd (thankful but odd nonetheless). Oh and when you load a save, you load in with all the doors you have unlocked so far open. It kinda creeped me out at first because I thought an enemy had walked through the door!I'm not going to put a lot here because I don't want to spoil anything for any potential players, but I can say that this game is definitely worth the money! This is my first time reviewing a game on Steam, so I hope it helps out anyone who reads this!"
76561198319584283,Recommended,480490,34533206,Posted: 27 August,all,Cc,Cool Game but has bugs
76561198179776659,Recommended,480490,34535124,Posted: 27 August,all,Senior Lecturer,A solid game that will keep you engaged and entertained for tens of hours.
,Recommended,480490,34593418,Posted: 29 August,all,Anonymoogle,"Game is good. Super good.Like, this is probably the first time I can think of that gameplay created an atmosphere of fear outside of cheap jumpscares and such. This game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ which makes sense, because you're a puny human put up against armies of powerful shapeshifting alien monstrosities. You feel weak and vulnerable by comparison, through simple organic gameplay.Well done, devs. Ya done good."
76561197961104268,Recommended,480490,34594046,Posted: 29 August,all,radioactive man,"I really enjoyed it.  Great atmosphere, fun story, solid combat."
,Recommended,480490,34594247,Posted: 29 August,all,zadama1313,I love the game. It has an amazing story with many twists and is always going to suprise you. In terms of gameplay i find its more of a strategy game than a fps.
76561197972658200,Not Recommended,480490,34594467,Posted: 29 August,all,Gratidude,Please fix native controller support. It's been broken for so long. I can only play with a controller. I wish i never bought this game.
76561198052391358,Recommended,480490,34589786,Posted: 29 August,all,Osi,"It's BioShock in Space.Game is a masterpiece that leaves little in the way of plot holes an really opens up to a desire to explore the world in a more expansive sequel. Saying anything more would be spoilers to the game's several surprises.It's unfortunatley that an impatient reviewer from a major game review site gave it such a poor score. Atter getting a game-breaking bug and knowing their review would be pushed back (and their views drastically lower), they decided to take it out on the game.Get this game if you like RPG's, Dishonored-esque exploration, or a mixture of Horror and FPS. Oh, and using psychic powers to turn into coffee mugs."
,Recommended,480490,34427172,Posted: 22 August,all,spatnack,"if you like system shock 2, bioshock etc., you will enjoy this game. go in blind though"
,Recommended,480490,33009070,Posted: 29 June,all,Howl,"""After twenty years of attempts, hopefully System Shock 3 will be worth the wait!"""
76561197992094524,Recommended,480490,34586342,Posted: 29 August,all,Kid Snatchhy,awesome game
76561197987339367,Recommended,480490,34537647,Posted: 27 August,all,vertemFR42,"Edit: moved install to SSD, lowered graphics to high, switched to easy and got a shotgun. Much better now.Exploring is great. Got myself stuck while climbing below a ceiling though, had to quickload.And another crash a few hours later...Make sure to quicksave often.Original review:Lengthy loading screen, jittery when an action comes up, crashes to desktop... I have a recent i7 and GTX 1070... What the hell ? And I keep getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked in spite of being on normal... Will try a little longer and edit if it gets better."
76561198036279252,Recommended,480490,34596998,Posted: 29 August,all,Wolfengristl,"I loved the atmosphere and the art style. If you've ever seen the Popular Science magazines from the late 60's or early 70's then I think it recreated that vision of the future perfectly.I disliked the music, at times. Eventually you become very powerful, and the pulse-pounding tension beats that dominate the early game gets a little annoying considering that you aren't the Prey anymore.I loved the backstory and the lore. As you investigate Talos I you listen to transcribes of the people that live(d) there, and you learn about their lives and their workplace issues with others using the Nerf Gun on them too often, or their D&D games. I got very attached to Danielle Sho's story and I never met her (though you can, it just didn't happen in my playthrough.)I do wish that there were more options to take down enemies, or at least the enemies would respond to your evolution. Eventually Superthermal becomes your go-to for most enemies. No need to be sneaky at all when you have such great offensive powers. I don't feel like this issue detracts from the game all; I still enjoyed the combat.I loved it. Great game. Hurry and buy it so they make a sequel (2019. You heard it here first!)"
,Recommended,480490,34440200,Posted: 23 August,all,Kalifi,"Prey is a game that will make you paranoid enough to hit every object in the game with a wrench. It has great atmosphere, map design and a sense of freedom despite the compartmentalized map. I think Arkane Studios did a fantastic job in creating Talos 1 as the station looks and feels very much like you would expect. The music and ambient sounds are also well placed to match the level design.Occasional audio logs help both bring the characters to life and explain what happened in the station. Voice acting is mostly great, particularly Goggins. It's a shame that he doesn't have a bigger role.The overall gameplay is great and is very similar to Bioshock and System Shock games. The game doesn't force you to play in a certain way, but you will find yourself sneaking a lot. The enemies can quickly overwhelm yourself if you aren't careful. I loved the design of the first enemy you encounter, but felt that the later ones were a bit too bland and similar with each other.The sidequest vary from moderately compelling to an extremely frustrating ""fetch quest"" across multiple game sectors. Some of them can also become glitched preventing you from completing them. That happened to me with a dissapearing NPC. The choices in sidequests and main game also felt slightly unrewarding given the ending the game, which by the way, was a HUGE dissappointment.Performance was generally fine, but I did encounter some fps drops when turning the camera very fast. This problem was even worse in one of the game sectors (Reactor).Overall I did like the game and would recommend it to people."
76561197974150561,Recommended,480490,34445721,Posted: 23 August,all,madmax414th,"FANTASTIC GAME!!! I played the Demo and was sure I would buy it within the first hour. It does kinda have a Bioshock/ system shock2 feel to it but is still it's own game. I am only about 5 hours into it but can say it is one of the best games I have played in 2 years. My buddy tried the Demo and said ""this game has renewed his faith in gaming again."" I do not want to create unreal expectations so I say, try the free Demo (when was the last time a game Co. had enough faith in their game to offer free Demo?) That alone tells you a lot. Once upon a time all great games offered Demo's. While it is on sale, how can u go wrong? At full price this game is worth EVERY Penny!"
,Recommended,480490,34428007,Posted: 22 August,all,Ｇｒａｙキツネ,watch out for that coffee cup
,Recommended,480490,34446504,Posted: 23 August,all,Martin Blue™,"Prey is a game you can loose hours in exploring, discovering and hiding in fear of the Typhon. It is a game that manages to make itself challenging, even on normal dificoulty, forcing you too think your choises through. You get to make exactly the character you want with exactly the journey you want. It also lets you do as good as everything before you end the game whilst still providing huge amounts of different possible endings.It definitivly has its flaws, that you will discover as you play it, such as a somehwat lacking quest mapping system for some quests. But overall i really enjoyed the game and will enjoy my second playthrough."
76561198081776364,Recommended,480490,34451464,Posted: 23 August,all,MeatyBor,Get jumpscared... It's like Satan's version of Prop Hunt...
,Recommended,480490,34452056,Posted: 23 August,all,dianddra,"I am loving this game. Creepy, scary and mysterious. I want to find out whats going on!"
,Recommended,480490,34600872,Posted: 30 August,all,jonathanscullen,Very very strong story! Very worth playing especially when it goes on sale.
76561197996435007,Recommended,480490,34524052,Posted: 27 August,all,MikE,best game i played since bioshock and wow it feels the same buy it allready if u loved bioshock!!!!!!!!
76561198267198531,Recommended,480490,34522829,Posted: 27 August,all,andrewtst,"Short comment, it still fun but don't have origin idea of PREY that release on year 2006. Overall it looks more like Half-Life 2, environment and color space like BioShock (without the gore feel), the Aliens looks jump out from the movie ""ARRIVAL"" !!!"
,Recommended,480490,34495049,Posted: 25 August,all,Cheese Cake,"Ever since playing the Dead Space series, i have always wanted a game that involved exploring a space station/colony. This is that game. The world of Prey feels completely alive. From reading the dozens of emails scattered around each npc's workstations, to navigating through the many corridors of facilities each with their own functions. My favorite area has to be the crew quarters. It was absolutely thrilling to explore the 2 level cafeteria, the fururistic diner, the recreational area, and the fitness center with a build in pool. I also loved being an utter creep and breaking into npcs' private rooms to read their personal emails. Of course the game has much more to be praised, but i found world building to be its strongest asset. 10/10 Easily my number 1 game of 2017 so far."
76561197970410314,Recommended,480490,34513984,Posted: 26 August,all,vortex19464,"Good game, reminds me a lot of the System Shock games.  Not sure why they decided to use ""Prey"" for the name, it has absolutely no relation to the 2006 title.  A couple of bugs, but nothing that really detracted from my enjoyment.  I'd recommend it."
,Recommended,480490,34542324,Posted: 27 August,all,PastaPillows,"If you've played Bioshock 1, you'll know what I'm talking about when I say it plays very similarly to it. If not, Prey is a survival horror game where you have to really think about how you approach certain situations. In this game, ammo is scarce at first until you find fabricator plans for ammunition. Picking up trash is very worth it as you can revert the trash back to its base material value through the use of recyclers, and if you have a lot of materials on you, you can craft things that you need provided you can find a powered and undamaged fabricator. Just like in Bioshock and its Plasmids, you can use Neuromods to alter the way the player character can play; this can range anywhere from passive abilities such as being able to get more material from recyclers, to active abilities such as being able to transform into a coffee cup.The combat is actually pretty fast; the game encourages you to try and find combinations through the use of different weapons/typon abilities/both. If you're running low on ammo/psi points, stealth is always an option, however sneaking past all of the enemies sometimes simply isn't an option. In my experience (at least on normal difficulty) killing enemies is usually never a hassle so long as you stock up on a lot of materials to make ammunition, and the game doesn't throw anything crazy at you suddenly. There *is* one part of the game where it can get pretty stupid, so I'll leave a tip: Upgrade your wrench to do more damage through the use of Neuromods, and don't forget about the disruptor gun.Something that I personally like about this game is that it doesn't shove the plot too far in your face; there is of course a plot, but it's just like in Bioshock; namely, through the use of NPC's calling you. The heavy sci-fi setting of this game is my absolute favorite, and there're even zero gravity segments that I really enjoyed.If you've played Bioshock, play this. If not but you're curious, definitely pick this up if you're looking for a quality survival horror experience."
76561198024450686,Recommended,480490,34542215,Posted: 27 August,all,Aaces,"The game was fun, I enjoyed it.The philisophical exploration that they attempted was deep until reaching the ending. Then it became contradictory and shallow.------- Spolers -------Setting off the nullwave is clearly the correct decision.  Deconstructed: If the station is destroyed and the typhon still find and attack earth, earth will have 0 knowledge or defense and will be wiped out. Additionally, it results in the smallest loss of life and you could also argue that the preservation of the station's research means that any lost lives were not lost in vain. January's arguments for ""if it works there might be more space alien conflict"" is a weak, and shallow argument. Destroying the station because the means of the reasearch was evil, therefore humanity should not benefit from neuromods is also a weak and shallow argument. The nullwave ending should not have been included in the game as it is clearly the correct choice, even if the developers saw it as ""controversial""- the inclusion of this ending actually dissipates controversy, even though in the ""Hidden Room"" the developers lead you to believe that it was a poor decision."
,Recommended,480490,34542196,Posted: 27 August,all,Action Froggo,"Exceptional. First few hours are a little too hard in my opinion, but as the game progresses it really comes into its own. 8.5/10"
76561198013328690,Recommended,480490,34560653,Posted: 28 August,all,rasabt,"Perfect System-Shock-ish action-RPG(!)-iteration.Yes, the game has kinda a slow start, but after 2-3 hours you will be blown away by all the possibilities.This may be one of the best 1st-person playgrounds i ever played...and ontop of that you get a brilliant story, interesting characters and a very interesting setting.I've finished the game 3 times on console and now finaly on PC and i still find so much new and different content...nearly every ""quest""/""task"" can be done in so many ways with so many outcomes...some of the officialy reviews claimed you wouldn't feel the rpg-character-growth System Shock offered...which is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, you can develope your char in ways which make most full-1st-person-rpgs (Fallout, Eldar Scrolls) kinda feel shallow in comparsion and you will get immensly powerful.Everytime you think ""now i've seen it all"" or ""i'm probably soon done"", whole new worlds open up.an absolute must have for every PC-gamer."
76561197998333540,Recommended,480490,34560175,Posted: 28 August,all,CrazyViking.dk,"Started out with the demo and was not sold right away due to not having any proper weapons (or ammo) to defend myself, but as I reached the end of the demo, I was hooked and bought the full game. Demo progress is saved and you pick up where you left when you upgrade to the full game, which is very nice. It's a very engaging story that unfolds."
76561198343072646,Recommended,480490,34575534,Posted: 29 August,all,juliagun48,Despite all the bugs - incredible game with immersive world and great story!! Arkane knows its♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,480490,34573595,Posted: 29 August,all,TSOMAHAWK,"I recommend it though i find it mediocre.Interesting consept,cool grafics,nice music,but this try on making it ""open world"" in my opinion failed.Should you buy it?Sure go for it and if you don't like it just refund it6.5/10"
76561198043795175,Recommended,480490,34574643,Posted: 29 August,all,SubjectSigma,"Prey is a good game if you liked Bioshock/Dishonored/System Shock SeriesThis is the first game that felt like a true somewhat succesor to the first bioshock (Bioshock Infinite is way to linear and dumb down). You got a lot of ways approaching quests and enemies. The atmosphere is great and the game has a little thriller/horror tint like the first bioshock, just how I like it."
,Recommended,480490,34570950,Posted: 29 August,all,Trandana,Butter smooth optimizationEngaging storyRecycler machine is awesomeSome very cool and unique featuresBalances action with creepyness well.
,Recommended,480490,34569271,Posted: 28 August,all,IChugWindex,"Trust nobody, not even yourself."
76561198105262825,Recommended,480490,34569114,Posted: 28 August,all,Rod Thrashcock,"First time playing the game tonight. I must say that I was skeptical going into this game, but I am so happy to have been proven wrong! This game is so good that I didn't even realize how much time had went by when I first launched it. I had only intended to see how my system would handle it and not be sucked in by the story, the gorgeous surroundings, and gameplay so simple that it will not take long to get a good feeling for the game. So I absolutely recommend Prey. I would give this game a perfect score if only... No, ♥♥♥♥ it! It deserves only the highest rating I can give a game (Normally reserved for Fallout series or previous Mass Effect titles).A perfect 5/7"
76561198032063579,Recommended,480490,34567318,Posted: 28 August,all,bfuchs,I dread coming home from work everyday because I know I'm going to play this game. 9/10
,Recommended,480490,34567739,Posted: 28 August,all,Eathren,"It has its flaws, but at its core it is a great game."
,Recommended,480490,34569595,Posted: 28 August,all,kkgg84,A true successor to System Shock
,Recommended,480490,34586888,Posted: 29 August,all,STRIKKEN,"Very fun and exciting game, with lots of dialogue and a detailed storyline to keep you playing and exploring. If you are into action-rpgs this is a MUST have title. Lots of development went into this title and it was worth every penny."
,Recommended,480490,34578299,Posted: 29 August,all,map,One of the best games I have ever played. Must have for all System Shock lovers.
76561198054403268,Recommended,480490,34384420,Posted: 20 August,all,ADoodleMan,"Possibly my favorite game of 2017. I don't play any new games really at all, but this one is a golden one. Any Arkane made game is beautiful, Dishonored 1 and 2 used to be my favorite games of all time, but this one takes the cake."
,Not Recommended,480490,34132060,Posted: 9 August,all,beebs024,Visually stunning with some great mechanics.  I feel it fell short with length of the story with a fairly predictable ending.
,Recommended,480490,34379957,Posted: 20 August,all,Coja,"I'm only a few hours in but I am loving this game. I didn't expect to like it because it looked like a generic alien shooter, but the story is pretty interesting and I am enjoying the collecting and exploring."
76561198125446973,Recommended,480490,34380555,Posted: 20 August,all,Scwarts,"Really awesome if you like rich narrative, spooky and creepy atmosphere you'll love it.One downside is the lackluster combat which I can forgive since the powers are awesome ;D"
,Recommended,480490,34365140,Posted: 19 August,all,относительность,"""Flesh and blood is a messy thing Morgan, but in the end it's the only thing that matters.."""
,Recommended,480490,34221030,Posted: 13 August,all,4cylinder,To sum it up: Dishonored meets Bioshock.The only thing that this game is truly missing is a New Game Plus mode!
76561198025231808,Recommended,480490,34387728,Posted: 20 August,all,13thMurder,"Bioshock, but in a space station instead of a city in the bottom of the ocean."
,Recommended,480490,34477789,Posted: 25 August,all,Sanctus`,Great gameplay throughout. Exploring the ship is an amazing experience that gives you a mixed bag of feels. Story lacks depth.
76561198039724096,Recommended,480490,34510439,Posted: 26 August,all,Wall,"This game is incredibly beautiful and dark at the same time. I want to play it so badly, but when I hover the mouse cursor over the game shortcut I have flashbacks of getting the bejeezus scared out of me, and typically find another game to open. I've lost faith in common household items such as my computer chair and coffee table. When I enter rooms I pay very close attention to anything that may suddenly shift as my vision crosses it...This game will absolutely blow your mind, even in just the first hour. The story introduction is incredible. I normally don't buy this type of game, but because it was set in space I had no choice. I don't regret purchasing it on sale for $30, but it would be tough to justify the normal $60 price tag. **PLAY THE FREE DEMO FIRST if you're not sure!**As far as performance/optimization goes, I believe it's optimized quite well. I am able to run everything maxed out at consistent 60fps (or more without VSync) with a Ryzen 1700 @ 3.7GHz and GTX 970."
76561198097265953,Recommended,480490,34524605,Posted: 27 August,all,Klip,thats good♥♥♥♥♥♥mang
,Recommended,480490,34617898,Posted: 30 August,all,Paolo,"Excellent game. Love the sounds, the visuals, the GODDAMN REWARDING EXPLORATION"
76561198070348297,Recommended,480490,34615988,Posted: 30 August,all,Caleb19741990,"Sort of Bioshock meets Alien with the art style of Dishonored.I bought this while it was on sale.If it goes on sale I would recommend getting it, at full price maybe watch a video or two to see if it's a game you'd like first.Only notable downside for me so far is a side quest bugged out and an item has not spawned that is required to finish it.Have tried reloading earlier saves but didn't help.I haven't encountered any other game breaking bugs during my playthrough."
76561198018580830,Recommended,480490,34637914,Posted: 31 August,all,Airex01,Very good game. Has a Half Life / Deus Ex feel to it
76561198182745838,Recommended,480490,34634774,Posted: 31 August,all,RSO,Noice
76561198048410451,Recommended,480490,34627232,Posted: 30 August,all,games904,"I absolutely love this game, Prey is such a unique, interesting, fun, challenging experience. I find myself thinking aboutthis game a lot and want to find every note and unlock all rooms etc.I'll probably play it multiple times to see and do everything. It's a huge game.Arkane if you're reading this, please make a huge story DLC set on another ship or on the moon. With more weapons, abilities, enemy types and gorgeous environments to explore. Also please, please make Prey 2, I so hope it happens.Anyways amazing game, sucks you in, makes you think and prey's on your mind.9.5 out of 10. Just buy it."
,Recommended,480490,34625624,Posted: 30 August,all,JakeTakesTheCake,I am 18 hours in and I still have no goddamn clue what is going on.I love it.
76561197967212524,Recommended,480490,34627865,Posted: 31 August,all,Oakatsura,"Prey, lets face it the original was a good game, this one is great, definately surpasses the old one in a way that is hard to define, the constant number of things that make the story merge and meld together and form a larger picture throughout the entire game is brilliant. Constant action and puzzle solving, strategy and tactical approaches throughout the entire world making you rethink many times could I have done it any better makes for great replays throughout the game. Top notch work. Glad to have bought it at first release.Gameplay 8/10                                               Sound/Music 6/10                                             Replayability: Very High"
,Recommended,480490,34626572,Posted: 30 August,all,Aplem,stabbed myself in the eye with chopsticks or something
,Recommended,480490,34638248,Posted: 31 August,all,Archon,"The game is all about explore. Combat is not flexible like dishonored but in time you get used to it. Transtar (Space Station) has so complex desing it can confuse you sometimes but you'll run all around for side quests or secrets so many times. The game surprised me so many times (not mimics) I was prepairing for a fight everywhere is quiet then suddenly a phantom appeared at my back.I played like 19 hours, I have not done so much main quests, mostly exploring and doing side quests. They said game lenght like 9 hours but here we are. Totally recommending this game, if you loving exploring, sci-fi, alien stuff, mystery you must buy this game. Anyway I'll rewrite a review for this gourgeous game when I finished."
,Recommended,480490,34621583,Posted: 30 August,all,Maelstrom,One of the best games of 2017 for sure.Everything that I would say has already been said so I'll just throw my +1 on the pile.
,Recommended,480490,34620454,Posted: 30 August,all,thePoark,"We try and try to categorize games, to organize each new release into neat little boxes, so we can find a way to relate the experience to something we may be familiar with... but, it's hard to do a game justice by taking that approach.  We might know ourselves well enough to say there are styles or genres that we absolutely do not enjoy, but a slight change in perspective can expose just how reductive we sometimes can be in anticipation of our own expected interests.Prey is both as easy and as difficult to recommend as a great novel; for some, it's an insatiable experience they cannot put down, and for others a disastrous waste of time.  While I count myself among the former, I can say something with a bit more objectivity: it's a technical triumph.  All software has bugs, or other issues, and PC is a difficult development platform simply due to the diversity of hardware, so mileage varies, but the underlying logic that holds this game together, builds its narrative, and grants its immersion is not only sound, but impressive.Despite the scope and complexity of its systems, gameplay opportunities, and narrative choices, Prey rewards the player with true agency, doesn't get in the way, and offers a tremendous experience for those willing to immerse.  A true 10/10 for me."
76561197960929486,Recommended,480490,34645583,Posted: 31 August,all,Steely Glint,"System Shock 2 is one of my favorite games of all time, and Prey feels like a modern spiritual successor.Interesting setting with neat retro-future technology and some bizarre alien antagonists that will keep you on your toes. Not completely open world, but exploring the setting and discovering the many small environmental stories is a joy."
76561198060917707,Recommended,480490,34639446,Posted: 31 August,all,grimreaper,"fun,fun and fun! the only complaint i have is the story makes it seam like having alien abilities will give the story a bad ending(which is the whole point of this game to have and use alien abilities to your advantage). if thats the case i have no clue how they will do the sequal to this game. but the gameplay is fantastic and trying to figure out ways to progress is fun. for example if u have the ability unlocked u can mimick something small to get into locked area via window or u can hack the keypad or can locate the code and enter it. thats 3 ways to get into a locked room. 1 word of advice is to exsplore everything because if u rush u will run low on things like health, meterials ect. this is my first pray game and i love it. if u have heart issues do not play this game. because invisable aliens popping out of no where to attack u will prob cause a heart attack!"
,Recommended,480490,34648400,Posted: 31 August,all,tdunk18,"I was actually quite surprised how good this game was. When i heard it was made by Arkane i was assuming a B game. No offense to them. I was pleasently suprised that the game worked so well and on my gamestreaming system from nvidia to boot. I had to adjust the resolution manually, but im fine with that. Voice acting was great as well, there were a couple moments where it fell flat mostly when you spoke to NPC (outside mission parameters) however i know that wasnt a focus on the game just wished i got more than one response was all. As for the graphics well, i will admit the faces appear a little more.... cartoony? than most games i enjoy however it didnt bother me at all with this title. Also one last thing to note i was SO♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥when i started this game and was consistenly out of supplies i had to break down a couple times and go all around the station to avoid big hitting bad guys. At the time i was so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and mad at the games design but mid game i really came to appreciate it as all the supplies i had been stockpiling really helped me out. Howver having said that i do think that the games materials need a little more balancing. I didnt really get a whole lot of metal until that corporate pilot dropped by and his military operators were great to recycle. However before that was quite difficult. I felt like they could have spread that out a little more. So in conclusion solid 9/10 great game guys! Ill probably do another play through in 6 months or so."
,Recommended,480490,34650776,Posted: 31 August,all,Widdle Wuna (Moon Matron),"Wow, what a mind trip of a game! Let's go over what I liked and didn't like to keep things simple.Pros:+Exploration Based Gameplay: You are dropped on a massive space station that you will crawl over time and time again. As you unlock more powers and abilities, you'll continue to revisit locations and unlock new paths. There's always someting unique to find and it never gets tiring.+Story: This game has a great story. Everytime you think you've figured it out, they throw another curveball at you. It's constnatly evolving and doesn't feel cliche. I especially like how they don't try to humanize the aliens. There are many endings and they're all compelling!+Inventory & Multi-Approach System: As weird as this sounds, it's a return to a Fallout 3-esque system. You're constantly picking up items, creating new items & making just enough ammo to get along. The game leaves it entirely in your hands how you want to approach problems, as there's almost always multiple routes or solutions.+Length: This game wasn't too short, or too long. Everytime you think it's getting a bit boring, they introduce a new mechanic or evolve the enemies just a little bit more. The finale is a real scary blast.Cons:-The Weapons: There just aren't that many weapons, and you find yourself ignoring most of the powers. By the end of the game I was just running by everything at full speed like a ninja, ignoring all combat just to get to the objectives.-The Enemies: They just aren't that interesting to look at or fight. The gunplay feels fine, but you find yourself having a hard time differentiating between which sort of blob you're fighting without turning on your special goggles.-The Cliche Emails and Voice Logs: Even less interesting than the enemies are the logs and emails left behind by those who died before you. They never evolve, and almost always are talking about people you don't know.-The Characters: They're infinitely forgettable. I'm supposed to be feeling bad when one of them dies, but I feel no emotional connection to them. I just loot their corpse and move on.Final score: 7/10, Recommend. I'm glad I bought and played this game, but I won't be revisiting it. Pick it up during a sale!"
,Recommended,480490,34791703,Posted: 7 September,all,Slippin' Jimmy,"Very enjoyable game.It starts slow but as you obtain more weapons and neuromods - this game's currency for upgrading abilities - it opens up your options to combat and exploration with both standard abilities like hacking and heavy lifting, as well as interesting abilites such as being able to mimic objects (think Prophunt in space.)The zero-gravity areas had a nice amount of freedom and gave context to the size of Talos I which added to the game's setting and tone. However gameplay-wise, I wasn't a big fan of navigating through them and would find myself avoiding those areas unless required. It's more of a personal preference than a game flaw so take that nitpick with a grain of salt.Despite having a branching skill-tree, you will likely end up seeing most of the worthwhile content in a single playthrough. Although I do plan on revisiting it in the future, I don't think it offers much replayability.Performance-wise, it runs and looks great. I had a couple of small sound bugs (objects clipping causing loud thudding noises) but nothing game-breaking.Overall I'd recommend it."
,Recommended,480490,34787723,Posted: 6 September,all,FuccBoyardee®,Great story and gameplay. would recommend!
,Recommended,480490,34783254,Posted: 6 September,all,Encòde,"What an amazing game !! I loved it, from the beginning till the very end.Graphics, story, gameplay, controls, music, everything's there. I honestly have no negative things to say.I simply loved every aspect of it. If you haven't played this game, do yourself a favor and buy it.Fantastic game. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,480490,34761695,Posted: 5 September,all,Tekros,"I will hands down say that this game has one of the best twist endings I've ever see in any video game. Don't go looking it up, just wait for it. If you like psychological horror games then I'd say you'll highly enjoy this game. I also enjoyed turning into small objects and hopping through otherwise inaccessible areas. I turned the medical bay into a fortress, and I build a barricade on the stairwell in the main lobby that touches the ceiling, I call it the nightmare wall... if you get this game, I'd recommend making one yourself."
76561197981900929,Recommended,480490,34773986,Posted: 6 September,all,dark_ronnie,"A very atmospheric Sci-fi Horror story, well worth your time and moneyone of the things i enjoyed most was the great amount of freedom you have to explore, and if you only follow the main story missions, you will only see a 3rd of the full storythat and the game has one of the strongest openings i have experianced in a very long time :)"
,Recommended,480490,34578055,Posted: 29 August,all,Buffalo444,"Great game. Time consuming without being repetetive. Immersive. Fun combat that you can play how you want. RPG elements. Beautiful evironment. System Shock-esqe.8/10, only because I didn't want to immediately replay it."
76561197963387270,Recommended,480490,34571167,Posted: 29 August,all,Lokna,A truly fun and encapturing game. If you are a fan of the bioshock and dishonored games then this will not disappoint.A massive amount of choices not limited to gear and powers but also moral choices.Don't trust anyone. Don't trust objects and least of all do not trust yourselve.
76561198160272882,Recommended,480490,34580752,Posted: 29 August,all,Hornet,"I'm scared...I'm not quite sure how the System Shock reboot can top this. It's the System Shock 3 that never was. It does not innovate the niche genre much but it definitly improves massively upon it.I'm questioning the worth of the System Shock reboot over Prey as much as I'm questioning the Metroid 2 remake's worth over AM2RAnyways, it's an impressive achievement in Bethesda's already very good library.I'd like a sequel, pls"
76561198011942575,Recommended,480490,34745739,Posted: 4 September,all,Bohij,"Probably the best System Shock-like game since the original Bioshock. Interesting and deep, plenty of replay value, great atmosphere. Worth the price of admission at 60$, a steal for anything less."
76561198055727316,Recommended,480490,34743118,Posted: 4 September,all,blitzkriegfmf,"floating around in space doing space $ hit while on a space station. find some neuromods, become the typhon you have always dreamed of and then kill everybody because Gator dont play that! and his [3itches better be wearing jimmies. anyways its a fun game and has a decent storyline with fun side quests."
76561197961662372,Recommended,480490,34593125,Posted: 29 August,all,BreezyBadger,"Starts off kind of slow, but this game is asymptotically perfect. Give it 2 to 3 hours. The first 1/3 is very tense due to lack of resources but you soon get powerful, whether by guns or powers. Always check the ceilings, there's a whole other layer in the ceilings of most maps. There's no limitations to where you can go on the station, including the exterior."
76561198040817310,Recommended,480490,34755964,Posted: 5 September,all,Healthy Pepe,"This ios a werid, interesting game. It actually takes getting used to. There aren't many firearms; most weapons are futuristic and not conventional. But I quickly warmed up to this game. The map is massive. It's free-roaming. You can explore this massive space sttation all you want. You can choose how much you want to be involved in the story, there are tonnes of fun and interesting side quests that are actually rewarding and serve a purpose, there is just a lot to do and it's fun as hell. I haven't finished the game yet but if you like games that stray from the norm a little (but not too much), buy this."
,Recommended,480490,31617956,Posted: 7 May,all,TwerkingGhost,"TL;DR9.8/10 Awesome game. Fun and challenging with lots of depth and things to do. Non-linear gameplay. Scary at times. Intense most of the time. Mistery is always lurking around. If you like System Shock 2 with a little bit of Bioshock/HL then you are in for a glorious treat.+ Story 10/10 - Misterious and complex. Plenty of Lore lying around + neat sidequests. Very engaging and inmersive.+ Graphics 10/10 - Talos looks, breathes and feels incredible. The art direction is top notch.+ Optimization 10/10 Plays very smooth. Like butter smooth.+ Gameplay 9/10 - Fun, challenging, in-depth and rewarding. The combat can feel a bit off at first but gets intense later.+ Music & Sound 100/10 - Mick did it again! and the Phantoms will give you the creeps!+ Spookyness 10/10 - It's fair trade of well placed horror elements. The atmosphere will exceed your expectations.Overal 9.8/10A must buy. Everything is gonna be okay."
76561198057134544,Recommended,480490,34765704,Posted: 5 September,all,FrankyBoy,Futuristic science fiction experience. This is a rare game that has been created and developed by Arkane Studios.I love the game and will play it again :D
76561197962996725,Recommended,480490,34759123,Posted: 5 September,all,m00nl00n,"This is a great game by Arkane Studios. The story, suspenseful writing, characters are all top notch especially when you compare to more contemporary games of the last 12-24 months. I like its unpredictability too. While it is open in the sense that you can explore as much or as little as you want, you are guided by in-game limitations which makes sense if you think about the confines of a space station. Combat-wise, you can either stealth your way around, or confront the baddies head on (but a little later on in the story when you are loaded up to your teeth with weapons). The experience of the game was good in that I did not encounter any bugs or loading problems.Overall, its refreshing to play a game of this calibre in terms of story and gameplay. I can't wait for Arkane's next game. Or maybe a DLC/sequel for Prey?"
76561197974832948,Recommended,480490,34778110,Posted: 6 September,all,DBAB,"I hate shooters!  And then here comes Prey.  Love it.  Decent graphics.  Has never crashed on me.  Lots of rewards for exploring inside and outside the station.  Scary as heck sometimes.  Weapons have a good ""feel"" to them when using them.  Amazing atmosphere.  Great music.  A story that progresses and actually keeps you interested.   The list of positives are almost endless.  Overall I think Prey is a great game.  Would have never even checked it out if it wasn't for the FREE DEMO!  If a game makes me want to call in sick from work it goes into my top ten.  Haha.  Prey has done just that."
,Not Recommended,480490,31564994,Posted: 5 May,all,в⌬¹¹⁰¹,Not worth 60€.Wait for sale.EDIT: Not even worth it on sale (40€). Wait for better sale.
76561198041756601,Recommended,480490,34782805,Posted: 6 September,all,JiiPee,"( minor spoilers ahead )If you ever played the good old System Shock games and liked them, you'll most likely like this one too. The gameplay mechanics between the two are pretty similar.Story:You play as Morgan Yu, a schientist working for your family's company, Transtar.Soon after the game has started, you realise that you're currently aboard on Talos 1, a space station orbitin the moon where the alien organisms called Typhon, has escaped from their containment and are killing everyone.Naturally, you'll have to put stop to them.Gameplay:There are mild RPG elements in the game, meaning that as you make progress through the game, you can obtain variety of different skills and abilities, which makes your life easier on Talos 1. It's your choice how you wanna improve your character, some abilities allow you to hack computers/doors while other skills improve your combat strength. There are quite variety of skills and it's all up to you how you wanna play the game.As for exploration itself, there are usually more than one way to make progression; for example, either hack the locked door or find a keycard to it. If you find yourself stranded with one method, you can try approaching the problem from a different angle. As I mentioned before, it's all up to you how you wanna make progression.There are quite vast variety of different weapons and gadgets, which never lose power. For example, when you find the Wrench, first weapon you receive in the game, I found myself using that very same weapon at the end of the game. All weapons and gadgets are useful through the entire game.All the enemies have different strenths and weaknesses. On higher difficulties, you have to take advantage of them, because you're usually low on ammo and stuff if you're not careful how you use them. Though all that can be fixed with crafting which is a little bit too powerful for my taste, because if you plan your progression well enough, you never run out of stuff.The ending:I'm not gonna explaing the ending too much to avoid spoiling it for you, but there are multiple endings. The way you play the game determines which ending you'll get. As for storywise, I think that the ending was conclusive, so I doubt we'll see any sequels for it, which is good in my opinion. I don't want to see this great game become another IP which the companies can use to milk us.Overall, I really liked the game. It's been a while since we have seen any games like this one, so it was quite refreshing experience for me. It took me roughly 36 hours to finish the game, and I even missed some of the side quests and missed some nooks and corners to explore. For me, it was money well spent.Pros:+ Restrictive character progression+ Multiple ways to make progression+ All weapons and gadgets are usefull - they never lose power+ Powerful alien abilities, but they also make the game harder  (with more alien abilities, the turrets will recognize you as alien and will attack you)+ ExplorationCons:- Not really a horror game, when its being advertised as one- Random CTDs (crash to desktop) from time to time- Crafting is little bit too powerful, as you never really run out of ammo and stuffDo I recommend?Yes. While it's really not a horror game (or at least I didn't see it as a horror game), it's still pretty good 1st person survival game with restrictive progression.Verdict: 8 / 10 - Good survival game"
76561198036734460,Recommended,480490,34784167,Posted: 6 September,all,bonzobenz3,is farking fabulous. the lore in the game reminds me of the way bioshock built the story through all these side notes that blitzers would miss.11/10 would smash through a window for a different view
,Recommended,480490,31590679,Posted: 6 May,all,Citizenfunk,Prophunt: The Game
,Recommended,480490,34436092,Posted: 23 August,all,ben0bi,"I played the original Prey from 1998 and I am astonished from the new one. It is not as Doom-like as the old one but more Deus Ex like. Just that you know it.As I encountered the Lobby (where I still am right now), I was astonished:This game contains the best things from several games and is, in that context, the best successor from all of them until now:+ Deus Ex (1) for the gameplay. (I think Prey is better than all the successors of DE 1, and DE 1 is best from its own franchise until now, so I do not count the other DE titles here.)+ System Shock for the gameplay (like DE) and for the Space Station in particular.+ BioShock for the Props/Setting (in the Lobby, at least)If you like ONE of those games, you will love this one.Now I need to play further, cya. :)"
,Recommended,480490,34464310,Posted: 24 August,all,Guildenstern,"Ritch, tense atmosphere and plenty of options for character growth. Great successor to the System Shock formula. Sadly, it has nothing to do with the one about the native American dude."
,Recommended,480490,34610889,Posted: 30 August,all,✪eLemeNt19,Prey is an awesome and fun game! Only the smartest can finish it right! Just a tip: follow the voice in your head.
76561197970566982,Recommended,480490,34617707,Posted: 30 August,all,Mogs,"Heard mixed things about this, so wasn't expecting much. But it was great! A Bioshock game in all but name. Highly recommended if you liked those games."
76561197999471542,Recommended,480490,34619106,Posted: 30 August,all,Dragos Ra,"I didn't finish it yet, but I would definitely recommend it.It runs well, there is lots of freedom and lots of things to explore/discover. So lots of content if you are not focusing on the main story/objectives only, and that will be rewarded. Also not too easy. I like that it's a mix of game genres. It reminds me a lot of Dishonored 2 although it's a totally different game, but probably because it was developed by the same studio. But this is a good thing. It's much better even."
76561197983344455,Recommended,480490,34962563,Posted: 14 September,all,|PK4| Steve,Crafting feels a bit clunky but overall good story and gameplay
,Recommended,480490,34962361,Posted: 14 September,all,BasedSlayton,"I remember when I first saw this game I was mad and I was like, ""This ain't Prey, they cancelled Prey 2 for this?""A few months later I now have my own PC and hey wouldn't you know it? The game's great, it ain't Prey 2 but it's a huge recommendation, especially if you like System Shock."
76561198100505815,Recommended,480490,34944164,Posted: 14 September,all,Whisky,so i just finished my play through. i found no bugs or general ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. what a great game i cant say enough good things. wicked story and the way the game is presented to you the gamer is just awesome. highly recommended.
,Recommended,480490,34927012,Posted: 13 September,all,Dysoth,.
,Recommended,480490,34927866,Posted: 13 September,all,jm801y,Prey is a spiritual successor to System Shock just as Arkane's Dishonored was a spiritaul successor to Thief. Prey takes elements from System Shock 1 & 2 along with elements from Dishonored and combines them into a smooth stealth FPS with great gameplay. Overall an excellent game and hopefully the start of a new franchise.
,Recommended,480490,34927654,Posted: 13 September,all,Xearo,"Prey is a gooddamn good game.For motion sick gamers out there: Didn't make me motion sick, though I expected it would. There's a demo, too, so try that if you're worried about it. For those of you who think it's a horror game because it has the 'horror' tag: don't worry. Try the demo. It's not scary at all really, just a jump from an enemy hidden as some furnature every now and then and you can see them after a while (as an ability, not a flaw in the game).9/10 for sure.Pros:- Really enjoyable combat that isn't a replica of current FPS games (i.e. only 2 of the weapons available use bullets as projectiles - a shotgun and a pistol. There's no hiding behind cover and spraying until everything is dead. You have to use your brain.- Really interesting mechanics for abilities. Lots of variety in skill tree (expands after demo)- Genuinely good story throughout. Beginning, middle, end. All of it.- Intriguing world/atmosphere- Bioshock-esque resource/ammo management and interaction with NPCs- Lots of play-time. I expected ~10hrs, got ~40 (extensive - but not exhaustive - side-quests and exploration done).Cons:- A lot of reviews I saw were negative about the zero-gravity sections. On the contrary, I mostly enjoyed them - apart from one of the enemy types which were just an annoyance to deal with. Every time I saw them I just rolled my eyes and waited for the boredom of having to face them to end.Honestly just.. such a great game. Cannot recommend it highly enough."
76561197970030950,Recommended,480490,35073023,Posted: 19 September,all,kodiak31415,"One of the best single player experiences of 2017.  It's important to note that this is more of a shooter RPG than a normal ""run and gun"" FPS.  It rewards you for exploration and creativity over just running around with a shotgun blasting everything (not that you can't do that). This is good because the world building and envirorments are probably the best parts of this game.  A few little annoying glitches and problems, but nothing game breaking."
76561198100182774,Recommended,480490,34994794,Posted: 16 September,all,elron4y,"Wow! Incredible story, great gameplay and an overall well done game! Really loved it!"
76561198004525919,Recommended,480490,34996026,Posted: 16 September,all,Zium,This is a great game. I've enjoyed every hour playing it. What I like the most is end to end story with many choices to make.
,Recommended,480490,35020120,Posted: 17 September,all,One Winged,Recommended for anyone who likes games like Dishonored and Deus Ex.
,Recommended,480490,35018195,Posted: 17 September,all,Xepher Corvidae,the game was ♥♥♥♥ing amazing
,Recommended,480490,34989507,Posted: 15 September,all,NEEZ1E,I don't normally leave reviews... but this game was awesome. 10/10
76561197992298406,Recommended,480490,35033961,Posted: 17 September,all,itchytrigfignig,Prey. So good I played it twice.
,Recommended,480490,35034117,Posted: 17 September,all,ebaynetflix,"I can't broadly reccomend Prey to everyone, but for fans of hard sci-fi, I'd strongly reccomend it.Prey reminds me a lot of Soviet sci-fi film in pacing and tone. The entire game maintains a tense atmosphere with unresolved, open ended moral and personal dillemas. The game also moves at a very slow pace and you'll find yourself weak and fragile through much of the game. It wasn't until the final five hours of the game I felt on par with my enemies (side note: I did not take any alien powers). The space station is wonderfully articulated space that offers hours of explortation outside of the main story but you'll have to tollerate slow movement through zero gravity zones and enemies far beyond your power.I enjoyed my time in Prey, but I could easily see how a lot of players wouldn't. Even for a stealth game, the pace is really slow and you likely aren't going to get any big emotional payoff. While some of the guns are unique and inventive, the more traditionally gunplay isn't terribly satisfying (there are only two traditional guns in the game, silenced handgun and a shotgun). I've seen some people compare it to Bioshock, but Prey has more Solaris and Moon in its DNA while Bioshock would be comparable to Aliens or Total Recall."
,Recommended,480490,34985818,Posted: 15 September,all,Ps_TresTres,"Roughly 32 hours and I left about ten side missions on the table. Last few main missions felt rushed as you're running from zone to zone and your ""audio log"" won't stop going off (which is crazy because the first 20 hours are so quiet).Otherwise, it's everything everyone says... really amazing game. You think the station is not that large but it's huge. One of those games that when you finish you just want to go back in and check stuff out.Ryzen 5 1600 with GTX 1060 (6GB). Three freeze/crashes over 32 hours. Save like crazy and you're fine. Thankfully, it has a quick save feature which all games should have.9/10"
,Recommended,480490,34987996,Posted: 15 September,all,cxlxrblind,"A pretty good sci-fi game. Good horror elements, visually appealing, interesting plot and characters. Combat could've been better, but it's not a shoot-em-up game. A large spacestation to explore and very immersive environment."
76561197973528410,Recommended,480490,35031963,Posted: 17 September,all,Kalas,"A strong ""shocklike"" game. A good successor to the Bioshock and System Shock games. Interesting story, good mechanics, good difficulty.No complaints. Enjoyed this game from start to finish."
76561198069658961,Recommended,480490,35025835,Posted: 17 September,all,Gargantos Yagami,the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥pslight
,Not Recommended,480490,31766895,Posted: 15 May,all,RedReign,5/15/17 - Glad to have a new Bioshock game.9/16/2017 - I haven't really picked this game back up since May. The concept of the mimics was pretty cool but I honestly feel that you are not given enough resources for the enemies that you are confronted with. The Nightmare for example that has no back story or tutorial on how to fight just launches at you out of no where and tells you to hide for a full on minute no matter where you are. I don't think this game deserved the $59.99 price tag when it came out and I kind of regret not refunding it when I had the chance. Live and learn.
,Recommended,480490,34911846,Posted: 12 September,all,Bastulos,"I cannot recommend this game enough. Gameplay, mechanics, story, characters. Everything was great. It feels very much like a game akin to Bioshock except developed by the people who made Dishonored. You can tell Bioshock and games that inspired Bioshock (like System Shock) are big influences on Prey. You can also tell that from a good portion of the gameplay and how some of the story plays out that Arkane had a hand in the game.If you like any of the games I mentioned, you should definitely consider picking up this game."
76561197989185026,Recommended,480490,34939328,Posted: 13 September,all,Jognt,"Wow.. Just wow... Finished the game in under 3 days and all I can say is.. what an amazing ride it was..100% 10/10 Buy this game.The last time I had a game with as good gameplay and story as this was back with the original Deus Ex.One word of advice though: Save, a lot. Sometimes key points in the story can get interupted (conversations for example) which can lead to not being able to restart that conversation, forcing you to load a save from (if you're doing it right) a few minutes back.Thankfully the game autosaves whenever you change location AFAIK, so since you'll be doing lots of that, you'll always have a semi-recent save."
,Recommended,480490,34963417,Posted: 14 September,all,PantatRebus,Great game with okay horror atmosphere. It's not as horror as Doom 3 or Dead Space series but close. I love exploring space games like this. Aliens and all. Great work Arkane.
76561198053942148,Recommended,480490,34893833,Posted: 11 September,all,Cockatiel,"I fully enjoyed this game.Pros:Good port, runs well.varied and inventive choice of weapons, powers and tools to use.intricate world to explore.You can take any object in the world like chairs or plants, and turn them into materials to make stuff out of.You have lots of different ways to approach objectives.Good graphics.Zero G environments like outside of the space station or inside the cargo transport tube are really fun.Good fair difficulty, you have to make sure to make the most out of any resources you can find to survive.Cons:You can not scroll mouse wheel to quickly go through weapons, as soon as you do, the console weapon wheel pops up on screen.The alien enemies do get a little boring after a whileThe loading times between sections of the space station get annoying, they are short, but if you want to goto a place that's two areas over, then you will have to waste time loading in the inbetween area, even though youwont spend a minute there running through it.Repeat playthroughs of the game are strongly discouraged by the cliche ""it was all a dream"" ending, which destroys most of the ""multiple ways to play"" hook.online DRMIt isn't Prey. The publisher didn't have the confidence to give it it's own name, even though nobody has played Prey 1. How disrespectful to the developers of this game, Prey 2, Prey 1, and us consumers. Screw the publishers!It's like having a kid with a woman, only to have the baby die of an illness, then you go with another woman and have a healthy baby with her, and name it after the dead kid just to annoy the first mother. The publisher has acted in a disgusting way over this game to all involved.Overall, I would strongly recomend this game if you like first person action adventure games, that let you solve challenging situations in many different ways.Bethesda can buy development studio brands, but they can't buy people, or talent."
76561198024340430,Recommended,480490,35208767,Posted: 25 September,all,CAW GIVE ME BREAD,GOOD TO SEE YOU DOCTOR YU
76561198412235639,Recommended,480490,35220808,Posted: 26 September,all,Razorslicer,GOOD GAME GREAT JOB BETHESDA
76561198170245987,Recommended,480490,35214275,Posted: 25 September,all,bobdanibber,"This game is masterpiece from beginning to end. please support this game in making a sequel and you'll find out why once you buy the game.Complex way of storytelling and the visuals are amazing.felt not complete at the end tho, really bugged me out. But its part of thegame so i can not deny it.Highly recommend for any survival/horror enthusiast's.10/10 IGN"
76561197976407721,Recommended,480490,35219583,Posted: 26 September,all,34RTHSH4K3R,Most immersive game I have played since Deus Ex:Human Revolution. Easily my game of the year.
,Recommended,480490,35221414,Posted: 26 September,all,marble,3rd playthrough -and it's still not gettiung old
76561198006612317,Recommended,480490,35210365,Posted: 25 September,all,Goose_X109,fantastic game with a great story i highly advise you get this game for a rich story and great gameplay!!
76561197970346633,Recommended,480490,35158218,Posted: 23 September,all,Hicksmaz,"Godd game lots of thing's to do, can get a bit reptative but on the whole good."
,Recommended,480490,35154206,Posted: 23 September,all,Baobao,Excellent sci fi FPS/RPG hybrid
76561198032843470,Recommended,480490,35153209,Posted: 23 September,all,ijt,I enjoyed this
,Recommended,480490,35163521,Posted: 23 September,all,xMRBALLOONHANDSx,Everything about Prey is done very well. 10/10
,Recommended,480490,35171724,Posted: 23 September,all,hungry_friend,"Beautiful sci-fi with horror elements done right. Combat felt fluid and versatile. Procuring abilities/ammos are nifty with recycling and fabricating mechanics. Lots of things to explore although running back and forth finding keys to locked doors can be a bit aggravating. The science behind it are quite interesting too, especially loved the looking glass tech. After finishing the game, I'm left with a question: Will I be the same person if I lost my memory?"
,Recommended,480490,35058744,Posted: 18 September,all,♥Flake♥,lit af <3
76561198046460050,Recommended,480490,35001926,Posted: 16 September,all,sbunch99,"Amazing story, atmosphere, and mechanics"
76561197995174490,Recommended,480490,35118473,Posted: 21 September,all,rassilon72,"Genuinely one of the best games I've ever played.  It's a terrific action game with heavy RPG elements.  Reminiscent of the superb System Shock 2, but even better.  Top that, it has an enjoyable story and choices to be made.The surprise ending won me over completely.  If I had any doubt before, it was dispelled by that ending.One and only grip: it is impossible to get into one room.  There should be a patch to fix it.  It's only a storage closet, but it has two ID tags and to not be able to get into it is unfair.Outstanding game.  I've played it twice so far."
,Recommended,480490,35122540,Posted: 22 September,all,Zato,"Awesome game, had a fantastic time with it.  Great mix of action, sci-fi, horror.   Lots of great ways to play too."
76561198172637598,Recommended,480490,35123688,Posted: 22 September,all,birb,"very fun, lots of exploring, and beautiful too"
76561197988369958,Recommended,480490,35121113,Posted: 21 September,all,Greyvy,"A fantastic game, the complexity and detail in the level design is truly amazin . The variety and depth in the skill trees is fanstastic, and the story had me going right until the end. I love the art and design of the enemies and environments. So, so good. Cannot recommend enough."
,Recommended,480490,35118009,Posted: 21 September,all,BlishBlash,"A near-masterpiece that unfortunately drags on for too long and stretches its content a bit too thin. Still worth experiencing for the first half, but expect things to drag in the second half. Also, the optimization is less than ideal."
76561198259839238,Recommended,480490,35135072,Posted: 22 September,all,obskyrslok,"Great immersive game, kind of RPG in space, and many quests."
76561197966373658,Recommended,480490,35136039,Posted: 22 September,all,Ootini,"Best story in a long time, had me looking up everything I may have missed afterwards. Fun game, great story, perfect execution, replayability. I got it on sale so might recommend that."
,Recommended,480490,35134422,Posted: 22 September,all,VLKN,"The story, the music, the atmosphere, level design. Everything is so well balanced and every aspect of the game complements eachother. Hats off Arkane Studios."
,Recommended,480490,35143824,Posted: 22 September,all,TeamRabidDog,Already played through the entire game at least 3 times (different endings).  Metroid FPS.  Mix with Bioshock.
,Recommended,480490,35165484,Posted: 23 September,all,Ptyx,"The true successor to System Shock II, it's even better."
76561198162210432,Recommended,480490,35184343,Posted: 24 September,all,Alexandria,"I have to say that after few hours spent on this game, the experience was just amazing! Prey is challenging, thrill and fun to play. If you are interested, DONT miss this game!!So far, I will rate it 4.5/5."
,Recommended,480490,35133304,Posted: 22 September,all,JOHN BEPIS [TSC],Prey is the best game i've played all year
76561198006493311,Recommended,480490,35334077,Posted: 30 September,all,pysniakm,"Distance lends perspective. Thinking back to when I finished the game (2 months ago), I find myself thinking about certain motives from its storyline. I recommend it.It also looks and works good."
,Recommended,480490,35322974,Posted: 29 September,all,Adversity,I finally got the System Shock 3 I've been waiting for so long.
,Recommended,480490,35321513,Posted: 29 September,all,Wamparius,Fun atmosphere and great story.
76561198071631865,Recommended,480490,35348959,Posted: 30 September,all,monolito76,"If you liked Alien Isolation, this is a MUST.Prey is a masterpiece."
76561197998095992,Recommended,480490,35435072,Posted: 2 October,all,StrangestEcho,"Fans of Bioshock will find Prey's gameplay and story exposition to be familiar, however it's a solid and unique experience in it's own right.  Offering up and interesting storyline, and diverse gameplay styles, with multiple solutions for most obstacles.I clocked in at around 23 hours for my nightmare playthrough, which felt quite reasonable considering that there's room for multiple playthroughs and that the game isn't packed with monotonous filler quests like modern ""open-world' rpgs."
76561198120698720,Recommended,480490,35507562,Posted: 5 October,all,Bowdog,Great game alot of fun highly recommend it love the go anywhere and do anything feel its a game to where you can play how you want to
,Recommended,480490,35507738,Posted: 5 October,all,Stele007,"I honestly wasn't expecting a lot when I picked this up on sale since it came out so soon after Dishonored 2. I expected a rushed game to recoup costs for Human Head's scrapped version, but I was pleasantly surprised.It follows the traditional Looking Glass/Arkane Studios gameplay with multiple paths to every objective and sometimes branching objectives. What really impressed me is the freedom they give you to explore it. Not long into the game, you're given keys to almost every part of the station. I unwittingly completed several objectives long before I knew about them just because I wanted to explore. And the game does an excellent job of rewarding exploration with useful upgrade materials, thanks to the simple-but-effective crafting system. There's interesting puzzles littering the entire station, and some of them require some creative thinking. The GLOO gun is a fantastic utility item that gives me flashbacks to when I first tried out the gravity gun in Half-Life 2.The station itself feels complete. I didn't feel like any section was closed off -- every room and crew member was present in some form.  You can even exit the station and fly around it, giving the feeling that it was all meticulously fit together. Definitely one of the most immersive games I've played in a while.The combat was better than I expected. This game definitely does not focus on stealth like Thief/Dishonored, but it's not as gun-happy as Bioshock. The enemies are pretty varied, and some of them can be a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to take down without proper planning. The most basic enemies are extremely clever -- I smashed every mug and bag of glucassist for fear it'd change into a typhon and strangle me. It adds a little tension when you're looting an otherwise empty. The weapons are fairly basic. You'll be swinging a wrench a lot to save ammo. The psychic abilities/neuromods are a fun system, though I almost exclusively relied on the wrench, pistol, shotgun, and stun gun for every enemy. The game implies that you can take a ""dark path"" to gain powerful typhon abilities, but ironically the strongest ability in the game is a simple human one -- Combat Focus, a kind of bullet time. Combat Focus trivializes even the hardest enemy on the hardest difficulty. It ought to be much less powerful, as the stronger enemies are otherwise difficult to take out -- especially in zero-G.The graphics are stellar. It's the same group that brought you Dishonored, so of course it'll look amazing. It definitely evokes some of that art-deco in Bioshock but combined with the older sci-fi aesthetic. And quite a bit of the station has a practical feel that you'd think would be in an actual space station.The writing wasn't bad. The employee audio logs aren't terribly interesting, but there's some good ones every now and then. It does a good job establishing a living, breathing space station fully staffed by hundreds of crew -- at least before the events of the game. There's some clever moral dilemmas the game thrusts on you, and the ending makes me excited for a sequel. The option to pick your gender at the beginning is a nice touch, though it doesn't matter in the slightest. I thought the female voice actress sounded more natural.I played through the game three times, and each time there were some new details I uncovered. It's a very different experience playing the game on Nightmare with no neuromods, and if you enjoy the game I'd recommend playing a second time like that."
