user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,480640,33007409,Posted: 29 June,all,Aerothorn,"Some of my fondest members are completing the Rise of the Runelords and Skulls & Shackle campaigns in the Pathfinder Adventure Card Game. It's a brilliant system, and lends itself well to solo play.This is a very faithful adaptation whose main effect is to significantly speed things up (playing this physically, you will spend SO MUCH TIME shuffling) and take away the mental-math component, letting you make informed decisions and risks. The art is straight out of the game, but delightfully high res, the music and ambient sounds are much better than the digital version's mobile origins would suggest.The move from F2P to B2P is a succesful one; this version gives you more than enough cards (in fact, it includes cards from other PACG sets, so much more than just the ones in the RIse of the Runelords campaign it's based on) and throws gold at you on top of that for regular treasure chests.The one weird part is that treasure chests can give you cards that are well 'above your level' but nevertheless equippable, and thus make the game easier than was intended. I strongly recommend not using any above your current adventure deck number if you want a balanced playthrough. Alternatively, you can just hoard goal and not touch treasure chests until you want to do the higher difficulties (which are there to give the game additional replay value).Overall, Obsidian has made an excellent platform for the game, and I look forward to them releasing other campaigns for it!"
76561198042281318,Not Recommended,480640,34541121,Posted: 27 August,all,Sairvell,"While I initially enjoyed Pathfinder Adventures, I became bored with the repeat locations, same-same special rules for many of those locations, and a similar lack of imagination in the cards. This game is priced at double what I think is fair for an adaptation of a dice and card tabletop game. Purchasing the Obisidian Edition includes the goblin campaign and an extra hundred-odd rare treasure cards that added dubious value. I played most of the characters, getting perhaps halfway through the main campaign before it felt like a grind, so I doubt I got much out of the upgraded edition. If purchasing this game I strongly recommend getting it on sale and skipping the Obsidian Edition.All of these card or dice adaptations become, to a greater or lesser extent, RNG management. For me, the magic in these games is from either the designers providing enough flavor and setting for me to interpert, and/or to allow for an accumulation of events, however unlikely, to generate an impromptu story.By comparison, Elder Sign: Omens is an adaptation of a board and dice game that nails the Victorian horror of H.P. Lovecraft. The maps themselves feel like menacing characters, The whole of the universe works against your unlikely team of investigators. Each roll of the dice risks your characters' sanity, possibly sending the whole team into an unrecoverable downward spiral. Pathfinder Adventures didn't evoke anything fantastical, perhaps because of its trite pseudo-medieval fantasy world, as well as the transparency of the RNG management.All of the options available to your characters are clear up front, largely in the form of the deck brought to the table, but also in the form of location cards that are meant to represent obstacles and opportunities. However, almost all the archetypical cards available are represented in your initial allotment. Everything else you draw is just a better sword and better magic arrow or armor, with only small modifiers distinguishing them.In contrast, Talisman, another card/dice tabletop adaptation that, despite the horrific AI and similarly generic fantasy setting, features a variety of unique cards that break the rules in imaginative ways. Furthermore, Talisman allows for an accumulation and stacking of effects that can result in a combination of events that are truly memorable. In Pathfinder Adventures the stacking together of effects feels strictly linear. Despite all the tags attached to cards (some having a half-dozen special modifiers) they interact almost entirely in the same manner as you learn in the tutorial.The art for Pathfinder Adventures is nice, but the music gets repetitive really fast and the clinking of digital dice does nothing for me.The interface is inconsistent, with a variety of different responses required for what seem like should be similar prompts. Several times I had to hunt around and experiment to discern just what the game wanted of me, with it locking up entirely on one occasion. Sometimes it requires a click of an arrow at the side of the screen, sometimes it wants you to click a deck or drag a card, or drag a card off a deck, etc. Often, it felt like these systems were designed by seperate teams, pasted together, but never harmonized to a singular theory of play.Perplexingly, the game actively prevents you from hopping right back in to play a new story, by insisting that you rebuild your decks and manage a maddeningly small sideboard between every single game. Often times, due to cards being permanently removed from my deck, I was forced to play with something that was useless to my character. Only if you have no appropriate cards will the game fill out your deck with the default (i.e. useful and boring) cards. This system doesn't make me feel like my characters are growing or changing, nor does it allow me to build a library of cards with which to customize my guys to the challenge (like building a deck in Magic: The Gathering). This bit of management, as well as the nonsense of the in-game currency to buy chests of cards for a game that I've bought and paid for, are unwelcome barriers to play.If you're a big fan of dice/card adapations there are worse games to play, but for me Pathfinder Adventures was a near miss."
76561198153960357,Recommended,480640,32745976,Posted: 24 June,all,antoniohernandez,"This is one of the best games I have ever played in my life.To be clear, I love turnbased strategy and this uses that. Since this is a port from an actual, physical, board game, it plays true and realiatic. Video games are too much ""man behind the curtain"" and with this, you get the real odds and real choices.The gameplay and stratgey is amazing. When I play the boardgame, too many times I would miss a rule here and there. Not at all with this game. If you want to play the boardgame and get better at it and truly understand it, this is the way to go. I would only suggest the boardgame now for people who play with others. For now, this is a blast!"
76561198097577585,Not Recommended,480640,33468894,Posted: 11 July,all,Coffee Is Fun,"This is actually a very enjoyable game if you enjoy a rpgs and ccgs.  I did gain many hours of enjoyment out of it but I have to recommend avoiding this game because of the crushing bugs and issues with customer service with regard to these bugs.  If I were a casual player I would have dropped this game.  If the bugs had hit me during the 2 hour refund window, I would have dropped the game.The bug that got me was all of my characters being deleted (22 hours worth) because I had used the in-game option to rename the characters.  The developer does not keep backup saves for when your characters are deleted by their bugs.  And to make matters worse, I had the Obsidian version of the game and lost a bunch of the perks that come with that version of the game (they were on the deleted characters).  The developer offered to manually rebuild my save but it's been some time and they seem to have just dropped it.  I had to manually write out the state of every character I had too, so that was an extra wasted hour browsing the card base and writing things down.I did end up playing through the game because I liked it enough but I'm a bit sour on the developer on account of them deleting part of the upgrade I paid $$$ for and not making good on fixing things in the end.Pros-really fun gameCons-saves are stored by the developer and are not backed up-bugs can corrupt your save-you can lose parts of the Obsidian upgrade because of this-customer service can make good on it but hasn't.  I assume they are swamped by the sheer volume of people affected by the bug"
76561198122163777,Recommended,480640,33102496,Posted: 1 July,all,Opal Knight,"As someone who has played through the box version of this game, I would say the conversion to PC is excellent and immersive.  The added dialogue between party members and villians rounds out the traditional card game experience nicely and the earning of coins to ""buy"" card packs, dice skins, and boosts is a nice touch which also helps make additional playthroughs and party builds more entertaining.If you have not played the box version this is a great party and deck building card game which diverges nicely from all of the Magic/Pokemon/Hearthstone/""insert-favorite-vs-deck-builder-cardgame-here""  This is not a one deck faces another deck type of game.  You pick characters which have different abilities and can hold certain types of cards and you play them against a card driven adventure.  You ""explore"" locations by drawing cards from their deck, you fight minions, henchmen and bosses, and you get LOOT!  Find a great piece of loot and you can use it in the next adventure by adding it to one of your character decks.  So as you play through the game you level up your characters, your characters' decks, and even the adventures get more challenging.If you have played the box version this is a nice version to own, not only does it take less space to play, it also makes it easier to play solo while maintaining larger parties.  Half the fun of deck building card games is choosing your strategy and building working combos and this version makes trying whole new party builds very easy."
,Not Recommended,480640,32492360,Posted: 16 June,all,Caboose,"Pathfinder Adventures has been out on mobile for a few years now and is free. I love it and played it a bunch. I even bought some of the packs to expand the campaign they have. Along with the campaign they had a endless quest mode where you could form a party and just level up and grow your deck and play around with different characters. They also had plans for a multiplayer version of this along with even pass and play to get your Pathfinder fix with friends.Sadly that alll has been removed with the release of this PC version. What you get is the complete campaign which they have added to the mobile version over the past few years. On mobile you could buy campain packs with gold which you earned from completing quests and daily or weekly quests.What is left is kind of a boring card game where you follow the characters from Pathfinder on an adventure. You can form a party of just 1 or 8 characters. DLC expands it with ALT characters that change their stats and looks. Depending on the how big the party is changes on difficulty of the game. More people, more areas to clear, but requires same amount of turns. It is ok but again RNG plays a big part when rolling that dice. 99% still doesn't men guaranteed hit. There are no levels for progression, there was in Quest mode, so unlocking new stuff, skills, stats, and perks, for your character are all behind completing the missions. Quest mode was all about clearing the area, getting gold and expereince and developmening a character with the cards you want. It really saddens my favorite part of the game is gone.Obsidian is offering an ambassador program which I have no idea how to link the game to my Obsidian account.http://forums.obsidian.net/topic/92734-pathfinder-ambassador-program/Overall I recommend checking out the mobile version is it is the exact same thing. You have access to the first few mission. You can link the mobile version up to the PC versison to share progression. Without quest mode I really find this game boring and too much on RNG."
76561197991942615,Recommended,480640,32579980,Posted: 19 June,all,Faray,"I played this tabletop and on IOS so I knew a bit about the game before buying.There are some bugs, which are annoying and I'm a little annoyed that they didn't give us the game for free on steam if you bought in moble like they said, but we did get some free goodies so I'll deal with it.Anyway, the game is a nice implementation of the tabletop with extra cards, alternate chars and some bonus features. If you know nothing about the tabletop game, it's a semi-deck building adventure. You pick heros, they get a deck and they 'level up' (Gain new feats, skills etc) and collect new cards.The objective of most scenarios is to find the villain, which means going though locations. Locations are decks of 10 cards with either a henchmen or a villain. When you find a henchman and defeat it, you can close the location. The object is to close enough locations to be able to tap the villian so he can't go into an open location and win the scenario. Locations contain cards that can be boons which are items that can go into your deck, or banes, things to keep you from winning. Each sceanrio has a timer of 30 turns, which you must defeat the villian by then.The game has normal, hard and legendary mode allowing you to challenge yourself after winning, so there is a lot of replayablity.Overall a good game if you are intresting in a different type of rpg."
76561198040923434,Recommended,480640,32463981,Posted: 15 June,all,Namekujisennin,"This is the first time I am caught in the middle.I want to recommend it, because the base game seems so strong and so good...But boy, does this port job feel botched.Prepare to meet glitchorama in the menus. You are going to get stuck here and there if you push too many buttons. You'll also get prompts everywhere on your first launch that won't makeanysense until you familiarized yourself with the game and (shiver) its weird business model - and extra account registration on top. Really, it's a mess.At the time of this writing, the game also requires you to be online. Oh, you *can* play offline, but all the cards and progress you have secured is gone - and the game is just a tiny bit [sarcasm] oriented toward its persistent progression.[Edit: it seems other people don't have this issue. I don't think I am the only one, though?]On the very, very ugly side: the Macintosh version is basically unplayable. It overheats like crazy, and if you alt-tab out of it, you'll discover the whole OS has slowed down to a crawl. This might be one of the most effective virus attempt on that platform.I will probably check it back in a few months (looking at the trend of the iOS versions, it seems there is a lot of work still to needed to be done), because at its core, the strategized dice game approach with persistance on top is very, very cool.In short, I recommend it - but if I were you, I wouldn't buy it ;)"
,Not Recommended,480640,34970172,Posted: 15 September,all,Darth Hernia,"Incredibly frustrating and buggy. Unless if you're a hardcore Pathfinder fan (like me), don't bother.Pros:- Faithful adaptation of the Pathfinder world & lore- Core mechanic is fun- No micro-transaction is necessary to enjoy the gameCons:- Unfair mechanic against the player- Infuriatingly buggy- P2W micro-transactions that don't add much valueAs a 10yr+ veteran of Obsidian games, and a diehard Pathfinder fan, I really want to like this game. It's fun. When it works, it really works. If you're into team-based RPG, or card games, there's a lot to enjoy here.Problem is, most of the time it just doesn't want to work. Not by design but by poor execution. While the core formula is solid, there are too many mechanics that feels unfairly stacked against the player (e.g. some sections of the game automatically treats rolls of 1 or 2 as 0; while others forces you to permanently ""banish"" a card (which you may have spent hours farming for)) in order to artificially inflate difficulty. It doesn't give you a sense of fair challenge; it just makes you feel powerless and ill-equipped to handle what the game throws at you. The single most important factor to winning the game is luck.And the bugs make the game feel unfinished - remember by the time it comes out on Steam, it's already a year old. There is a 3-month old game breaking bug sitting unresolved as we speak that randomly duplicates or deletes a character after you rename him or her; there is a dice %age indicator that appears to straight-up doesn't work, as even 90% rolls fails at least 50% of the time - and we don't know if it's working as intended or just too bugged. One expects Obsidian games to be buggy. But this is a mess.So unless if you're a fan, in which case you probably have to play this regardless, the admittedly solid gameplay just isn't solid enough to justify the frustration you'll have to deal with."
,Recommended,480640,32865212,Posted: 27 June,all,Thelesis,Great game. I never thought that the mechanics of permanently throwing a card from the deck could be fun.One downside is the limit of cards in the storage tab.
76561198141516986,Recommended,480640,32675748,Posted: 23 June,all,Carda [NL],"If you like cardgames without PvP and without Microtransactions, if you like D&D / Pathfinder, if you don't mind not winning all the time and if you like boardgames, I think you can enjoy this game as well. Just watch some gameplay on youtube before deciding if this is your game or not. Yes it has some bugs but it's not in your face each turn. Only had one bug so far myself. Buying the obsidian edition, your extra items will come quite quickly but not immediately after starting the game. Took 10 minutes for me (restart the game a couple and verify file integrety a couple of times). There has been an update on fixing some bugs and I would appreciate them working on the rest of them as well. No multiplayer in this game (no coop and no PvP)."
,Recommended,480640,33009859,Posted: 29 June,all,Seb Toombs,"Really enjoying this!  Its a deep roleplaying/ card game or perhaps to be more acturate a card game with role playing elements. Nice story, great art style and challenging.  I bought on an impulse because I love Obsidian and am really glad I did.Its single player (at least at the moment) you control a group of adventures with different styles and weaknesses and abilities, which adds to a lot of tactical and statigic decisions. Unlocking better cards and levelling up your group just adds to the stratigic possibilities.I've never played the table top version, and it is fairly complicated so its taken me a while to learn it but I found the tutorial very helpful!Very solid 8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,480640,33252885,Posted: 4 July,all,Cuddles,"Horribly F2P model badly ported to a paid game with most of the baggage still attached. Wost of all, it's a CCG in which you can't actually collect cards at all, decks operate on a ""1 in, 1 out"" policy, and you only have storage for 10 cards that aren't part of a deck. So sure, the game advertises having over a thousand cards, but it's impossible to actually have most of them, all you can do is endlessly collect gold to pay for random booster packs and hope you get something you can use right now. And as if the F2P-style booster packs aren't bad enough, you're also expected to buy a variety of time-limited bonuses to help you during quests - yes, it's good old pay-to-win nonsense in a single player paid game. The game constantly nags you about playing online and linking your actually F2P mobile version to share gold and such nonsense, as well as bombarding you with adverts to other games and even the game you're already playing - the first thing I saw on loading the game was a full-screen splash screen telling me I should buy the game. Perhaps worst of all, despite costing £20 the game doesn't even include all the available content and forces you to grind your way through the F2P nonsense exactly as if you were playing the mobile version if you want to actually play the whole game.As for the actual gameplay, it's OK but no more than that. You click the ""explore"" button, roll some dice, and then either beat it or are forced to discard some cards. Beating a monster gets rid of it, beating an item or similar puts it in your hand so you can discard it to get a bonus on a future roll. And that's pretty much it. There are no animations, no voice acting, no characters or story worth speaking of, everything in the game is utterly generic fantasy. While that's pretty much expected of Pathfinder, which was created essentially as a fork of the already generic D&D, but the point of both games is to provide a world and basic framework on which to build your story. Unfortunately all this game does is say ""Here's an elf rogue fighting a goblin"" with no effort give you any reason to care why.The tabletop game can be fun to play with a group, but there's really little point in buying this for PC. If you really want it on a computer, the mobile version (Android and iOS) is free and allows you to unlock all content through gameplay, which you'd end up having to do anyway even if you pay for it on Steam."
,Recommended,480640,33717507,Posted: 22 July,all,Mystikvm,"This is an extremely fun game, but you have to know what to expect beforehand. For people who have not played the tabletop version by Mike Selinker which this is based on (and of which this is an outstanding port):* This is not a PvP-type of game. You do not play against other players. You play against the game.* This is not a collectible card game in the sense that you are building a giant library:  you cannot freely add cards to your decks. It does contain a card viewer to check which cards you can encounter. There's a ton of them.* This is game IS dependant on RNG. The trick is that the entire gameplay revolves around managing RNG. Nonetheless, you WILL get unlucky a few times. On the plus side, even when losing you get to keep some of the cards you won.Having said that: the game is a lot of fun. You pit a team of adventurers against villains in different scenarios. The villain is hidden in one of the locations in that scenario and you have to flush him out with your party, corner and defeat him in 30 turns. Locations are made up of cards which you encounter and can sometimes acquire for your own decks, making your party stronger as you progress through the scenario's. Add in a barebones but clever level-up system with different roles to choose for your party members and you get some replay value out of it too.What makes the game design so smart is that you have different playstyles depending on the size of your party. With 2 party members it revolves around acquiring the best cards, making the most optimal choices even at the cost of a few turns. With 6 party members it turns into a frantic race against the clock, forcing you to think differently about your deck and party composition.The graphics are good, it stays true to the original art by Paizo and the backgrounds are vibrant showcases that are nice to look at, even after many hours play. The dice rolls are nicely animated too, it is almost as good as rolling actual dice, plus you get to unlock different dice sets to give each party member their own set. This way dice rolls become colorful displays as characters add their dice to checks, and you get to see which character's dice made you win a check. The menu music is very well done, the music while playing does get rehashed a lot but it is not very intrusive so I did not mind it much.The game comes with 11 characters of 11 varying classes. The max party size is 6 characters, so you easily get two playthroughs out of the game if you want to give each character a go. You can buy or unlock (through play) different kits for each character, shaking up their abilities a little and adding some extra value, plus you get to do each scenario at three different difficulty levels. Needless to say, this game gives you dozens of hours of playtime. Excellent value for money.Some tips for maximum enjoyment and challenge: if you buy the Obsidian Edition (which you should, Obsidian is a great developer deserving of support), refrain from adding in cards that are above your level if you encounter them in chests. It takes away a lot of the challenge and you will encounter them naturally as part of the story anyway. Also, even though it is tempting, try to not use the stash. The tabletop version didn't have one either. This way you stay as close to the excellent tabletop version as well. Which you should also get, because this game sadly lacks multiplayer but it is a blast to play with friends."
,Not Recommended,480640,33472643,Posted: 11 July,all,Dirty Johnny,"I enjoy it, but ultimately the design decisions centered around milking the player are questionable and are not suited to this paid up front PC version of the game. The biggest is limiting your stash to 10 cards. That's just a poke in the eye.On the none deliberate side, there does seem to be significant bugs related to the online connection, achievements, and party saves. This game should be offline, there's no real reason to have it require a connection except to upsell micro transactions.Allowing players to add their own content in the form of player campaigns would elevate this game tremendously."
,Recommended,480640,32476391,Posted: 16 June,all,Scott Lufkin,"I own the physical version of this, so I did know how this game played going in. That said, the 5-part tutorial is fantastic and only takes 20-30 minutes and has some fun little rewards, so for new players I do recommend completing that.I won't take up space talking about the mechanics because if you are reading this review you probably already looked at how the game plays, but I will caution that there is a lot of randomness to the game, which I know some strategy purists dislike. There is a lot of ways to mitigate the random elements, that's what your cards and character abilities are for after all, but you'll still occasionally biff a 97% roll, though you'll also sometimes roll an 8 when you need to on an 8 sided dice, which always feels amazing.The scenarios are timed, you have 30 turns (no matter your party size) so that can also turn some folks off. The game is designed to be completed and there isn't a lot of leeway for just exploring endlessly and collecting all the cards you can. It's get in and get out as quick as you can because the game can get pretty challenging if you make poor choices like not closing locations when being offered the chance to. Some folks that want an ""easy"" sandbox may not like this, however this exploration of locations and when to put who (and where) becomes the best part of the strategy layer. Making good choices never felt so satisfying.One last note - the artwork and the presentation is top notch. They did such a great job with everything from appealing effects to an in-game manual that it derves special mention.Highly recommended. So far it's everything I had hoped/assumed it would be, and more."
,Recommended,480640,32644245,Posted: 22 June,all,Dewguru,"This is an updated review. My initial review was not to recommend the game due to the number of bugs that both resulted in lost items and having to replay missions because they broke. And while I did sink a lot of hours into it, my frustration had reached a point where I couldn't recommend it.Since then, they've released a patch that addressed the most annoying aspects and I was able to continue playing and beat all of the available adventure paths.It's still not bug free, and some can still be annoying, however, the annoyances are now infrequent enough that I can spend a couple hours playing and I might not even experience one. So I'm pleased.The only thing I wish it had now was more adventures, or the option to somehow randomly generate or create your own from the cards available."
,Recommended,480640,32531357,Posted: 18 June,all,Dragon Dai (Uey),"So you're gana read a lot of reviews talking about how you can get this game for free on mobile. Those reviews are old and outdated and now much of the content, even on mobile, can only be bought with real money. What little content is still avaliable for gold is incredibly grindy to obtain, so the purchase here (which you can link to your phone to get all the content unlocked there too) is a REALLY good value proposition now.Beyond that, the questiion becomes, ""Is the game worth it?"" And the answer is...maybe. Depends on you. But I certainly think so.I love this game. And, IMO, it's a fantastic value, even at 40 dollars. The issue here is that people see a card game and think ""Why is this so expensive?"" And the answer is because this game includes an absolutely crazy amount of stuff. If you were to buy the physical version of this game, with all the stuff the digital version has (which isn't even possible, because the digitial version has a bunch of stuff not avaliable for the physical game, but I digress), it'd cost you roughly 240 dollars MSRP.So even at full price, 40 bucks, this is a pretty decent value and stacks up when compared to other digital board games, when you consider the cost of the digital version as a precent cost of the physical version.One other major selling point, IMO, is that you can link this version to your phone. So buying this here unlocks everything on your phone also.So yeah, if you're here looking for ""Is this game fun?"" I'll refer you to the countless reviews for the physical version of this game. They'll give you a much better overview of the actual gameplay than I ever could in a little Steam review. IMO, yeah, the game's awesome. Super fun. TONS of replayability, future content on the horizon, lots of customization via party size and composition and deck composition, etc, etc, etc. Add to this the fact that the game is a SUPER slick digitilization of the board game (great UI, easy to use, lovely art, nice music, great little cutscenes that really add a lot to the whole thing, IMO, etc, etc, etc...all little touches, all pretty fantastic), and you have a great package that's certainly worth the cash.Finally, I should point out that the devs, Obsidian, are just absolutely fantastic. They are constantly talking to the community (mostly on their official forums), constantly working to improve the game, have absolutely stellar customer support (delete a character on accident? They can restore it for you. Get stuck with a bug? They can probably fix your save file for you, etc), and are just all around the sort of dev you want to support with your cash.So yeah, awesome game, awesome devs...just give it a buy. You won't regret it."
76561197988000877,Not Recommended,480640,32520272,Posted: 17 June,all,McTeddy,"This is a hard review because it doesn't deserve a thumbs down, but it's definately lacking far too much for a thumbs up. If you are interested in single player Pathfinder: ACG, there is no other way to play. It's a decent port that streamlines the tabletop game and allows you to enjoy it's unique features.But the present flaws force me to not recommend it. I don't regret my purchase at all, but you should know the flaws going in.First off, the lack of multiplayer is frustrating. This is a board game, intended for multiple players. It become an annoyance to single-handedly manage a full party because you're tracking uniquely trained skills, deck building and location abilities at the same time. It work's fine with 2-3 heroes, but it does lack the epic feel of a full table.Second, I just spent 30 dollars to find myself plagued with F2P features? You need to grind for gold so that you can unlock random drop chests, buy rare cards, and change the color of my dice.I don't mind F2P features, but I constantly recieve a ""You are not online, you can no longer collect rewards"" error. Really? In my single player game that I paid 30 dollars for I'm unable to collect gold because of unstable netcode? It's an annoyance that does make the game feele cheap, and not worth the 30 dollar limit.Finally, if you don't know the tabletop game... just know that the the door mechanic is ""Play cards to roll dice higher than X"". There are interesting decisions to be had in the deckbuilding and skill usage, but that core gameplay is not deep. It's overly random, you will lose games  due to bad luck alone and it can be repetative.On the plus side, Pathfinder Adventures automates most of the clunky aspects of the card game. It tracks the many card effects and allows you to focus on the gameplay itself. It's clearly a touchscreen UI, but it functions reasonably well most of the time. Leveling up your party and building the deck is alot of fun and there's a ton of adventures availible Also, the story features are well implemented and, in my opinion, make this the ONLY way to play Pathfinder: ACG.There is enough content and fun to be had that it's a buy for the right players. You just need to be aware of the issues before making that decision."
76561198039399800,Recommended,480640,32561670,Posted: 19 June,all,Kumppi,"I have never played Pathfinder Adventures before. In fact, I wasn't even aware of it until it went on sale on steam. Not expecting too much I picked it up and now I'm totally hooked. Due to the turn limit, games are fast and can feel quite brutal. Good decision making and planning are key and can truly offset the sometimes finicky RNG gods. It is quite rewarding when you kill the villain with one turn left because you made a decision that ultimately was the right one. This game is full of meaningful choices. What more can a player ask for."
76561198160927134,Recommended,480640,33807486,Posted: 26 July,all,Frank_Lalight,"I've been playing this game on my PC for a while, then connected it to my Adroid Tablet to bring with me on vacation. It works like a charm.Great port of a board game unto a digital deviece. Well worth the initial price to get 2 full versions of the game that are connected together. By simply buying the whole game you can bypass all the hassle of the free to play business model and simply enjoy the game.For a fan of old school D&D, Pathfinder Adventures delivers in spades.Nice little deck building, dice rolling galore, beautiful art style, plenty to do. Seriously, for a mere 20 dollars, it's pretty hard to complain.Also I did not encounter any bug or any problems at all. A clear proof that quality products can be made with the Unity Engine.Side note, there's really little point in getting the Obsidian Edition, the additionnal alternate characters are not worth it and can be purchased afterwards with in-game currency.Enjoy and get those dice rollin! :)PS: I bought this during the summer sale at 20 or 25% off."
,Recommended,480640,32465031,Posted: 15 June,all,Deekow Stu,"I have an awful addiction to this game, owning every physical version, all the addons and most of the accessories. Despite the problems with mobile, I've been playing on iOS and Android from the beggining on seperate accounts (my iPad isn't as accessible as my phone). Being able to tie them together is a HUGE plus for me.The PC version adds yet another layer of polish to the game that I'm excited for as well, and am enjoying considerably.My own con to this is the 'video game bonus' aspect of what they're adding. I didn't really enjoy all the treasure cards and such from the mobile. Now adding one-time bonuses to the mix seems to trivialize things more. That being said, this game can be very difficult at times, so the new bonuses will likely make it less frustrating for new players, so that's a good thing. I can always just choose not to use them."
76561198007149867,Recommended,480640,34623036,Posted: 30 August,all,The_Admiral,"Pathfinder Adventures is the digital version of the card game of the same name made by Paizo Inc. I had the opportunity to demo the card game at Gen Con in 2016. The card game was okay, but there are a couple of drawbacks which, I feel, the electronic computer game neatly sidesteps.First getting into the card game will require is quite a steep financial investment. I imagine that you would spend between $50 - $100 to purchase the actual physical cards to equal what you get in the PC game. Next there is all the constant deck shuffling (which wears down actual cards) and detailed record-keeping that the game does for you.Most important for me, if you wanted to have multiple people play all the different roles, it would be challenging to get people to consistently play. The PC version easily allows you to play up to 6 heroes. In recently speaking with a developer, I understand that they are hoping to be able to add multiplayer to the PC version, if you are interested in that.In the PC game, I thought the artwork was well done. I liked the background music and the sound effects. There was nothing inappropriate and the game is playable by anyone 10 and up.I did experience a few software hang-ups and glitches, but if I backed out of the game and then re-loaded it, no progress was lost and I was able to easily continue.At the time of this review, I have played the game for 46 hours, completing the main Rise of the Runelords campaign and then I started the Rise of the Goblins campaign. I enjoyed the campaign story and although I would not describe it as necessarily Tolkien-worthy, it did capture my attention and kept me engaged. Each scenario presented a slightly different challenge to overcome and that kept things fresh. That said, while there are a fair number of different character classes, the story remains the same, so replayability is limited. Man! Did I hate when you were forced to “Banish” cards. This means that your character is forced by the came to basically lose the card permanently. Sometimes that could be managed, but other times, that really hurt! I hated having to do that.Even when you lose a scenario, all of the cards that you “picked up” or gained during that scenario are still retained. That means that there is motivation to continue on, even if you think you might lose the scenario that you are struggling on. Picking up these new cards might assist you when you make the attempt again. Losing at a scenario means that you need to re-start that particular scenario. You do not need to restart the whole campaign. You are limited to be able to carry only 10 extra cards which are not currently equipped on your character. I did not like that restriction and I struggled with it. I wished that there was a way to hold on to more cards which would allow you to better handle later challenges.About mid-way through the campaign, one of my characters “died.” While he “respawned” for the next scenario, for the remainder of the campaign he was limited on his advancement choices. That seemed overly punishing for me, and I was unhappy about it, but ultimately it was not crippling as I was able to go on to complete campaign.There is very little in the way of customizing your characters at the start and making them yours. They are stock Pathfinder archetypes and their names and dialog remained fixed throughout the campaign. I would not classify this as a role-playing game, but rather a card and dice adventure. There are certainly plenty of strategy card-playing decisions to be made, but little else. The campaign story is a strictly linier path, absent of any choice to be made on your part.I did very much enjoy the game and I look forward to more offerings. I wish that you were able to customize your characters more and I also wish it were easier to earn gold. Gold may be spent to purchase mystery drop-boxes, runes, one-time bonuses, virtual dice and some special, unique cards. I found it hard to earn much gold in the game and you cannot purchase any in-game gold with actual currency, at least no way that I saw. I wish there was a “random challenge” generator to allow me to continue playing with my advanced party. That might allow me to earn more cards and more gold. As it currently stands, once you finish the campaign your only option is to start a new party and do it again.I would recommend Pathfinder Adventure game if you are a fan of fantasy games, if you like card and dice games, or are in favor of a lighter, quicker game experience. Each scenario lasted maybe 20 – 30 minutes depending on a lot of variables – some in your control, others not so much. I certainly feel like I got my money’s worth out of this game and plan on continuing to play it."
76561197972940535,Recommended,480640,32473530,Posted: 16 June,all,Blackthorne,"Those of you out there who are fond of the LCG and are considering getting hold of this, then I highly encourage you to do so. The only thing that's missing (for the time being?) is the lack of co-op play; Here's hoping that changes.For those who haven't tried them, this game is a blend of Chainsaw Warrior (but WAY less brutal), Talisman and Armello, except you're making use of a multi-skilled party instead of one character. Certainly makes for a nice change if you're a veteran player of these and looking for something new.One thing I was worried about was the rumblings of pay-to-win; this is certainly NOT the case - all your earnings are in-game, and you better eke those funds out for when you really need them, or you could be in for a batch of repeat losses when attempting some of the main adventures and side-quests.I'm giving this game a solid 9.5/10, and will be giving it 11/10 when (please be a when!) the co-op comes into play.Very much hoping that the rest of the Pathfinder modules end up here."
76561198045401832,Recommended,480640,33007450,Posted: 29 June,all,SoloPlayah,"I have the tabletop and this is a great port. This game is fun and I don't have to worry about rules, packing the cards, calculating, or writing on my cards. I am very happy I got this game. I did not get the Obsidian Edition because I want to earn and unlock on my own. Excellent for RPG, board game, and trading card fans. This is open source DnD 3E."
76561197977851150,Recommended,480640,32551426,Posted: 18 June,all,Omnicronos78,"I'm not understanding the negative reviews, but I didn't play the iOS version, nor have I experienced any bugs.  My only frame of reference is playing the physical board game and I think they did a fantastic job of replicating and enhancing the experience of the original.  Its been quite good and with all the content and scenarios, this game should keep me entertained for a long time.Well worth the money."
,Recommended,480640,32563887,Posted: 19 June,all,Musaab Osman,"One of my favorite new games.  Basically like the playing the box version on digital.  I have been playing on mobile for awhile before this Steam version came out and was very much enjoying it.  They didn't just port the mobile, but they took their time to get it right.  Highly recommend this game for people who are into Pathfinder or tabletop RPGs."
76561198017211930,Recommended,480640,32837108,Posted: 26 June,all,DavidB,Extremely addictive. Great combat. Fun deckbuilding. Can't stop playing it.
,Recommended,480640,33776069,Posted: 24 July,all,Hogarth,A wonderful adaptation of the table top card game.
,Recommended,480640,34028427,Posted: 4 August,all,rcmportella,Wonderful card game that is an exact replica of the board game. The graphics and the drawing style are fantastic. I really reccomend for those who like the board game.
76561197992672380,Recommended,480640,33160068,Posted: 2 July,all,SKET,a pretty good version of the physical game.
76561198035391503,Recommended,480640,32540457,Posted: 18 June,all,lagrie,"Pathfinder Adventures.I never played Pathfinder Adventures before.I'm a DnD fan i love magic the gathering and i love the oldscool rpgs.(baldurs gate, icewind dale, Planescape...)I like Obsidian for bringin back these games in all there glory.(pillars, tyranny etc..)After playting a few hours of this game i got hooked.I bought the boardgame/cardgame in an instant. (still has to arrive, can't wait !)Its a great game, its really so much fun !If you like Dungeons and dragon, if you like a good board/card game then go for it.There are som bugs in the game, butthey aren't anny big problem in my opinion.Game runs great. no other issues at the moment.Enjoy the game !"
,Recommended,480640,32633815,Posted: 21 June,all,DigitalPigeon,"Pathfinder Adventures has always been on the the games that sat on my shelf, and we would never play it because its kind of a horrible game to play with others (Epitomy of playing alone together). This always made me sad, because the mechanics of the gameplay are otherwise so darn good.THIS electronic version is absolutely incredable. All of the amazing mechanics, none of the fiddly physical implementation, AND the game does all the calculations and valid card identification for you.This is one of the best electronic boardgame implementations of a game I've ever played. Have loved every minute."
,Recommended,480640,32485438,Posted: 16 June,all,Agathos,"Ok, granted, this is only my first hour and a half of playing, but as a huge fan of the table top version, this is AWESOME!  If you liked the table version, you'll love this.  It doesn't have multiplayer--but you could play a hotseat version.  It quite frankly has the best tutorial of probably any PC game in history!If you like the idea of an RPG w/ cards, this is a must have!!"
,Recommended,480640,32527676,Posted: 17 June,all,Jaynay 🐥,"Love it.Played a little on the iPad, and was going to buy the full version, but it arrived on Steam first! The good news is that I linked my Steam account and it unlocked the full game on the iPad too.Game is challenging, whilst not being too brutal, though you will need to offer prayers to RNGesus at times.It should be noted this game is strictly PVE.Huge selection of cards are included in the base pack but I would recommend the Obsidian Edition as it is totally worth the few extra dollars. Don't be put off by the In app purchases as everything can be unlocked with in game gold. I haven't felt remotely tempted to buy anything past the original game purchase price.Would perhaps be improved by the inclusion of a co-op mode and I am crossing my fingers for this feature to be added in future.(Also recommended by me via theHeadache & Migraine Gaming Group)"
76561198000402623,Recommended,480640,32541204,Posted: 18 June,all,Zombiecat,"It was pretty confusing at first. The mechanics seem deceptively shallow and I wondered how anyone can find this fun. But after a few rounds, all the dots start connecting and everything clicked. This became a fiendishly addictive game."
,Recommended,480640,32480948,Posted: 16 June,all,Trackballz,I have played the actual card / board game for years.. this has done the game justice and is Very Very good and worth the money.  2 thumbs up..
76561198080833647,Recommended,480640,32460591,Posted: 15 June,all,Durgine,"Fun and excellent turn based board board game.  Card and dice driven with RPG elements.  Control up to 6 characters (though 6 is tough due to time contraints).  Hopefully multiplayer is in the works, depends on PC sales I believe, but implementation would be difficult. Synching up accounts with free to play tablet/phone version opens content on both.Overall, very enjoyable game and replayable."
,Recommended,480640,33396503,Posted: 9 July,all,Flowbeat,great game if you are a fan of the tabletop version
,Not Recommended,480640,32497266,Posted: 17 June,all,Coykoi,This game is extremely glitchy and buggy. Cards would appear in my inventory and disappear out of characters inventory causing issues when trying to scrap excess cards out of the inventory and then suddenly characters would not have any items equiped and I could not continue because your characters have to have a specific number of items equiped and I had sold all of my excess items. Menu buttons don't always behave how they should behave. I would click on continue to resume my game and it would take me to the start new group and I could not exit out without going to the character creation and then exiting back out. This game is borderline unplayable.
76561198039820703,Recommended,480640,32523538,Posted: 17 June,all,Eyune,"Magic the gathering + Dungeons n Dragons  = Pathfinder Adventures.Edit : In this current version PLEASE DO NOT USE THE RENAME FUNCTION after creating and naming your character OR THOSE CHARACTERS WILL BE MAGICALLY DELETED.I lost 4 characters because of this, thank god i already played the entire adventure from start to finish otherwise I would of been mega salty/upset."
,Recommended,480640,32500232,Posted: 17 June,all,dr_lofstrand,"Great adaptation of the physical version, and much much cheaper. Of course you lose the feeling you get with a physical game, but instead you get rid of all the preparation time. The artwork and overall atmosphere is good and the game has a great tutorial!It's not a p2w game like some says. You play against the game itself and not other people, so it can't be a p2w game. You can buy chests to get better cards to progress faster/easier though. If that's a good thing is up to you and how you want to play.And a big plus that you can share your progress across multiple devices.I highly recommend this game and hoping for some more content in the future."
76561198029300088,Recommended,480640,32477184,Posted: 16 June,all,yenkin2001,"Having played a bit with the iOS version about a year ago, and had read this was coming to PC I decided not to invest in this game, since I only had an iPhone and playing games on an iPhone for the most part I find the screen to small.  I was excited when they announced that this game was coming to steam as it seemed very slow to finally hit the PC market.  As a PC gamer who loves board games I have considered buying this game a few times for solo play but why play the card game when I can play on the PC.Compared to some of the other board games that have hit the price is a bit hefty, and whether the obsidian version is worth 43$ Canadian I am not sure, but with 25% off it is a bit more attractive.  Conceptually there are tons of potential here especially if the publisher expands this to some of the other expansions that are out there.  So lets hope this game is going to be supported for a long time.  Now the biggest difference is that his is not a F2P game, with micro transactions to add adventures, so at the end of the day you do pay for the game, but not near as much as if you had the mobile versions.Now the tutorial works fine, having gone through it before, I still did it here, as it did offer up some items that you can take into you first game.  The tutorial eases you into the game nicely because you hit the ground running in the first game.  This game is very depending on our friend the RNG, both with the cards you drawn, the location cards you draw, and the dice you roll.  I would suggest that if you get through the first area on the first go, you are extremely lucky.  I had seen games in the iOS that you don't often see the villain or henchmen to the last card and if you had a bad draw your 30 blessing cards go before you even get a chance to finish.There is no doubt when I played that this game is fun, even when the dice don't go your way, and that happens more often than one would like despite the probability number, you can still come out on the short end of the stick.  Your deck is your life, when you can't draw up your hand to five you are finished for that game.   There are a lot of frustrating parts to this game, like going to close a location only to learn that it is an Intelligence role and your character who had high intelligence had succumbed early in the game.All and all I think this is worth playing, if I can get 40 - 60 hours of play out of this then it is money well spent, as what can you do for a 1$ an hour.  Due to the nature of the game you can try different combination of heroes as well trying to find the perfect balance.  You get 30 turns regardless of whether you have one in your party or six.  They recommend three or four, If you buy the Obsidian version of the game you really won't need anything you get all the cards and decks, and you can buy some enhancements that can alter the game if you so wish.  So there is an aspect of micro transactions buy you don't really need them.Hopefully they will support this game and expand it over the next year or two to keep it fresh, or it will risk dying off quickly after the initial play through.  Pity there is no multi player support as this would add a extra dimension to the game.  My score 8.5 out of 10.  This game won't be for everyone but if you are a board gamer this is a good port."
76561198381685419,Recommended,480640,33071296,Posted: 30 June,all,mpphotograph,"Game play is very solid and addictive. There is a few minor bugs but overall they are more an annoyance and has not impacted my overall gaming experience, seems to have more bugs when I load it up on my phone. However the ability the play the game on steam and pick it up later on my phone is great. Would definitely recommend this game for anyone who like RPG games to give this a go."
76561197961586350,Recommended,480640,32573548,Posted: 19 June,all,Crux,">>Update<<After some initial stability issues (see below), everything is working fine now and support was more than forthcoming in helping me resolve my issues, two thumbs up!Enjoying the game a lot now, it's very close to the table top. If you are fan of turn based combat and dungeon exploring with a little RPG feel, I can only recommend it!Be warned though that this is an adaptation from a board game, so there will be a lot of clicking to confirm rolls, selecting items and options, etc etc.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Want to love the game, bugs deleting your progress and equipment make it impossible though.Hope they can fix it soon, deserves recognition and support for the great game it could be!"
76561197965364451,Recommended,480640,32693952,Posted: 23 June,all,mako,Excellente adaptation du jeu de cartes hélas pas de multi pour le moment...
76561197986016566,Recommended,480640,35215241,Posted: 25 September,all,DerBK,"Very good port of the card game.Unlike other reviewers, i didn't run into any bugs, crashes or rule inconsistencies. Seems to work just as advertised and is a load of fun.Have been spending a lot of time on playing the game already and i am not all that far yet. There is a good amount of content here - even if you only want to play through the campaign once.I got the Obsidian edition on sale for 22€, that was easily worth it. Wait for a sale."
,Recommended,480640,33179184,Posted: 3 July,all,deim0s,"Played the physical card game before and this is a faithful (and fast) rendition of it.Now, that card storage, ugh. But don't let it deter you."
,Not Recommended,480640,32621258,Posted: 21 June,all,krellen d20,"This implementation is full of flaws, like an inability to undo many actions if selected in error, and is vastly inferior to the physical version of the card game.   Full of Free-to-Play mechanics in a title you are asked to pay for, the game locks you into far too many things in far too many ways that steal much of the appeal of the actual tabletop card game.  In addition, there are numerous bugs; the game will often fail to calculate correctly and a number of cards are implemented improperly, disallowing use when they should be usable. Sometimes you just have to exit out and restart the game to get it to move forward if it gets stuck on something - the game just hangs for no reason.Skip this implementation - get the actual physical game instead and don't get stuck with the bugs and poor UI decisions."
,Recommended,480640,32540689,Posted: 18 June,all,Childofrock,If you love card game and/or tabletop RPGs or even the Pathfinder universe in general (check out Owlcat's upcoming Kingmaker CRPG on Kickstarter!) then you need to give this game a try! If you are on the fence download it on your phone to give the first adventure a try for free.I don't have alot of time clocked in this game on Steam but ive spent ALOT of time with both the iOS and physical versions. Once you wrap your head around the learning curve the game is an absolute blast. So glad they didn't go F2P with it. Just keep in mind that with it being a quasi card game/RPG that the random aspect of the rolls can royly screw you over from time to time. My only complaint is that there isn't a fully featured multiplayer option. The game really shines when a group of players are adventuring together. Thankfully that doesn't stop the game from being a complete blast for a single player.
76561198016098985,Recommended,480640,32546596,Posted: 18 June,all,Unholydonuts86,"Realy fun game.Had a few bugs on release but the devs are fixing on it and i didnt encounter any bugs during normal gameplay.It doesnt have mutiplayer but still its a greeat singleplayer experience, no microtransactions, and you get the entire set for less than you would have to pay for the physical card game.If you like games like Elder Sign Omens and other dice based board games and games where you build your deck this is a great game for you."
76561197970498495,Recommended,480640,32546988,Posted: 18 June,all,Andy,"I've generally enjoyed it so far.  It's pretty much the same as the board game, except single player only (I never played the mobile version).  So, if you're interested in the game, but never played the board game, you may want to read up a bit on how the physical version works (of which there's plenty of information available).  You'll have a good idea of what this game is like.  Probably the primary difference from the board game, besides being single player, is that you can control multiple characters.  So, figuring out what combinations go well together can be fun.I purchased the Obsidian edition, and with it comes the vast majority of the cards.  You also get various cosmetic items, some runes and charms, and gold which can be used in an in-game store.The primary thing I've disliked so far are the runes and charms available from the in-game store.  Runes, which give you a long duration buff (e.g. reduce all danage dealt to you by 1 for some duration), and charms, which give you a one-time-use-item (e.g. add 1 die to a check), do come across as a bit pay-to-win-ish when considering the large chunk of gold that comes with the Obsidian edition.  However, since this is a single player game, I've simply ignored them.  You do also earn gold while playing the game.  So, there's an option there for people that don't spend the extra cash.I haven't experienced any of the bugs other people are mentioning.  I don't doubt what they're saying.  I guess I've just been lucky.  Also, I should mention, that I didn't immediately receive the bouns items for the Obsidian edition.  It took 30 minutes or so for that stuff to show up."
76561198008899703,Recommended,480640,32512139,Posted: 17 June,all,Luckless Legend,"I own the physical, ios, and now Steam versions of this game. I don't mind continuing to support the developers if that means they'll continue supporting their product and, thus, their fans. Also, the way I look at it, buying this game on ios and Steam has been much cheaper than buying the full physical version, not to mention the speed and polish of having the electronic versions. The ios version was especially glitchy at launch (and during the many months following), but I haven't experienced any problems with the Steam version yet. This is the way to play Pathfind ACG!Hopefully they'll add multiplayer soon and more Campaigns to keep us hooked."
76561198069999307,Recommended,480640,32536520,Posted: 18 June,all,kcras,"Long hours of Single player CCG fun.I played it a lot on mobile and didn't hesitate to get the improved version on Steam.  Bugs have been fixed and content is deep and interesting.  I don't like playing multiplayer ccg games because people.   This may get co-op multiplayer in the future but lucky for me, I only get mad at the dice and not some obsessive powergamer with the perfect deck and endless hours to get top ranking etc.. If you just want to solo play, have fun and adventure you should give this a try."
,Recommended,480640,35252452,Posted: 27 September,all,Siegmeyer,"This game gets an undeserved rep. People complain about the game containing microtransactions even though they are nowhere to be found. You can't buy the in-game currency with real money, and all the cards (1800+) that would normally be locked behind a paywall, are available from the start. Yes, the game is still buggy, but it far from ruins the experience. Also, some people fail to realize that this is the digitized version of a physical card game when they call it an ""unoriginal copy"". Overall, this is a great way to play the PFA card game with a massive chunk of its expansions, without breaking the bank."
76561198073246444,Recommended,480640,35193587,Posted: 24 September,all,Rexhurne,"I own the regular game and expansions but still bought the digital version becasue it's easier to play. Really love the challenge this game gives. At the start it seems like there is too much luck involved, but when you learn to plan your positioning and when to use which cards it becomes very deep and enjoyable. I played the game talisman before put this is 100 times better for me! The best part for me is the fact that all the many different characters each have their own playstyle and there are a lot deckbuilding skill involved for each of them.+ Lot of characters (12 +3 DLC) and all of them have their own powers.+ Nice difficulty even when you aquire some of the stronger cards.+very big cardpool for the loot you can get (1800+ cards). Keeps it fresh for multiple runs.+ story is enjoyable though a bit confusing at times.- Can be a bit frustating when the time for a scenario is almost up and the dices don't fall your way- Difficult for people that are not very familliar with strategy and planning in cardgames.I don't know how buggy this game is but i only had 1 freezing bug once in the 20+ hours i played so far (and the scenario resolved as normal when i restarted the game). Didn't see any other bugs myself.Conclusion: One of the better in this genre (for me) and i would defenitely buy other adventure paths if/when they would come out!"
76561198351892695,Not Recommended,480640,35198139,Posted: 25 September,all,Prithvi,"Note: This is my experience on Android and Steam. Also, if you can live with the bugs the game is ""Recommended"".Pros:1. Base Game by Paizo is very good, but not for everyone2. A very good port of the board game, without the manual handling part like keeping track of cards etc3. Fun to play, good UI and graphics, great gameplay (but again, not everyone will like it)4. Like all board and dice games, there is RNG, lots of it. But the aim of the game is to minimise those by reducing variances, moving to higher average dies or using other characters. Definitely not a con, at least not of the digital game.Cons:1. Extremely buggy, many game breaking bugs like character duplication, gold loss, skill points loss, sync issues etc2. Characters don't get referenced by their changed names, hence nicknames are useless. Not only that, renaming characters leads to a major bug3. Stash limit of 10 - Inadequate for a digital card game. Playing offline results in infinite stash, but can cause problem due to buggy sync. (Note: Do not create mules, it will lead to issues because of bugs, it is anyway very inconvenient due to card limits. What I suggest is to create 1 of each character and after a map transfer the best items which your current party does not want.)"
76561198098186258,Recommended,480640,32643890,Posted: 22 June,all,Dafrost,I love this game
,Recommended,480640,32835802,Posted: 26 June,all,onloadx,"fun game, horrible random number generator, no multiplayer, and the devs have yet to add any expansions. I would invest in the physical although the price can add up."
,Recommended,480640,33536553,Posted: 14 July,all,Matilda,"A board and card game based around adventuring solo or in a group, collecting loot, saving the town, and defeating the bad guys. Dice rolls and fun abound.The Good:+ Fun, addictive, ""one more turn"" gameplay for hours+ Balanced and open to various playstyles and class combinations+ A fair amount of replayability and challenge+ Lovely art throughout+ Can be played as a single character, or in a large party+ Really comes alive when played with friends through Skype's screen share function, or in person+ The story, while fairly cliche, keeps you hooked well enough+ A mix of races and genders that frequently bucks trends and cliche+ Finding and collecting new cards is a real treatWorth Knowing:/ This is not a digital version of the Pathfinder roleplaying game, and it doesn’t play much like it either.The Bad:- Menu bugs can occasionally require a restart- No built in multiplayer at all- Doesn't support the 3440 x 1440 resolution- Music is entirely forgettable- Fairly lackluster visual effectsThe physical game itself is a blast, and while far from perfect and lacking built in multiplayer, its translation to the digital format does nothing so wrong as to ruin a great thing. If you're a fan of the roleplaying niche, enjoy the Pathfinder world, or just love a good board game, get your party into Skype, share your screen, and play for hours."
,Recommended,480640,32554795,Posted: 18 June,all,Sigma,"Do I recommend this game? Depends. Have you played and spent money on the mobile version? If yes, then you can ignore this game... unless that is you want to support the devs even more, I don't see why not. If you had reason to spend money on a game then you have another reason to keep playing.Personally I enjoy this game alot. This game is very original and no one adventure or scenario is alike. So much replay value, and so many decisions to make which pretty much means it's up each player how they want to play.And now it brings me to why you shouldn't get this game. This is basically a port of the mobile version. Most, if not all, of the bugs that are present on the mobile version still exists in this version. And trust  me, there are tons, most of them are dimissable and somewhat minor, and some are actually beneficial.But how often do they fix bugs? Well... unless it's gamebreaking or gives a serious advantage, devs are swamped on their own work and it may take a while for any of them to respond. Nevertheless you will see some kind of update every couple of weeks or months.But even with all those bugs, the game is fully, I REPEAT, FULLY playable. Think of the bad bugs adding challenge to the game. I had to deal with most of it on the mobile versions, thank god most of them have been fixed. If i can do it back then, so can you.Finally it brings me to the point about what has already been said and why some people don't recommend this game. A lot of reviewers play for 1 or 2 hours and can't get through the tutorial, because of a gamebreaking bug. Yeah... if the tutorial doesn't work, how do you suppose you even learn to play the game? Well... be like me and step it up and stop sucking at life. Learn as you play you godamn noobs. Back when i first played this game on mobile, I had never even heard of this game at all, let alone how it even worked. I skipped the tutorial and went straight with playing the first default 2 characters. And where am I now? I managed to unlock the whole game, complete about 90% collection of cards, and have characters pimped out.Stop b1tching about RNG. There's blessings for a reason. If the game is too hard, stop using more characters and tone it down to 3 or 4 party members. The game even tells you that playing with more party members make the game extremely difficult. But guess what? Back on the mobile I had to unlock new characters with extremely hard earned gold and once I got my 6th I never stopped playing a 6 party team. Oh yeah it's hard, but not impossible.Too lazy to click and drag? Game too slow? Stop using a computer. You know what? Don't even play the game at all, let alone the physical board game. Knowing you, you'll get bored and arthritis from just constantly shuffling the cards and the sad part is the digital version is a million times faster than the physical version. Jeezus... people will complain about the stupidest things these days.Will they improve the game and layout to make it easier to play? Yes but give it time damnit. The digital version isn't even out for a year since this review and people are b1tching about how the game is unplayable but several people, including me, have already beaten the whole adventure.So to all those reviewers who are whining about such a difficult game and rng, I have two words for you.YOU SUCK."
76561197996430741,Recommended,480640,32460577,Posted: 15 June,all,Littleork,"Unlike the Ipad version that I had, this one doesn't crash at all, works pretty well, no complaints. Works pretty much like the card game, saw a couple of cards that have extra stuff on it but that's fine. They should have started with the PC version from the start!"
76561198012195344,Recommended,480640,32522694,Posted: 17 June,all,unholy_hamster,"The bugs the game contained have since been fixed and is now fun to play and a whole less frustrating in terms of user interaction, i also haven't had anymore problems with items randomly disapearing or equipment resetting so cheers to that.I also got an apology from the developer (thanks ObsidianEric) informing me of the changes, sometimes its simple honest answer from the developer that makes all the difference, good luck to those who play it."
76561198006198755,Recommended,480640,32695057,Posted: 23 June,all,ErrolBrown,"Seeing as the bugs I previously encountered have been smooshed and also experiencing Dev interaction I have firmly changed my review to a Thumb Up.This game is infuriating, challenging, annoying, exasperating by various degrees, and that's why I like it. It's a real challenge that you can have an immense impact on.The decisions I make equipping my team really feel like it makes a difference. If i blundered into a challenge all gung-ho I know i would get cod-slapped around the cheeks as my just desserts. But, with a modicum of fore-thought and cunning disguises I can really alter the outcome of a run.The different characters are fleshing out as I progress into the game. It isn't just 'insert generic D&D style charcter here'. Because of my levelling choices I have determined their effectiveness.This is one hell of a game. Enjoy!(chests are awesome)"
76561198077705876,Recommended,480640,35397646,Posted: 1 October,all,dirty_soap_dish,"It's a fine translation of the paper game I love so much. If you have never played it before, it's hard to say whether or not you'll like it. Probably should check out some gameplay on Youtube first. If you get into it, it's quite addictive. Nice artwork, too.Technically, it's sound. I've never experienced any crashes. But read other reviews to confirm this.Lastly, it uses the same built in A.I. as the paper game, so there is no need to worry about dumb decision making by the engine.I never review based on price-point, so you decide if it's worth the duckettes."
76561197973818633,Recommended,480640,32633182,Posted: 21 June,all,dubcee,"A really great adaption of the great card game, which was fiddly with all the contextual rules.  Cardboard version was a lengthy investment but the digital version is much more quick and casual.  Great game"
,Not Recommended,480640,32505589,Posted: 17 June,all,Khanhdesu,"I don't usually leave reviews, but this game is really half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ You'll find yourself in situations where you can't do ANYTHING because the game forced you into a corner that it doesn't seem to able to get itself out of. Seriously... it's a card based game and there are times where you need to discard cards but if you don't have any in  your hand well... you are suddenly stuck...forever... because you can't move on without playing a card, and you can't play a card beause there is none in your hand. I really wanted to like this game because  wanted a DnD like game that I can solo."
76561198082566864,Recommended,480640,33578918,Posted: 16 July,all,Psi ionic Hexes,I like it!
,Recommended,480640,32632950,Posted: 21 June,all,ritlew,"Very solid implementation of the card game as a video game. Fun, and you can link it to your phone to play on the go. It will unlock everything on the phone version, which is nice."
76561198220112156,Recommended,480640,32602232,Posted: 20 June,all,rstatham,"I love this game! If you like card/dice games as well as campaign-style RPGs, then this is the game for you!  I've played the mobile version, and this is an awesome addition. The updates made while moving from mobile to PC have been great. The ONLY thing I wish that would be implemented would be a multi-player platform for players to form groups and each person plays on their own device. I like the card game also, but this expands on that to allow one person to play multiple characters. It's worth the $25!"
,Not Recommended,480640,34517530,Posted: 26 August,all,Nion za'Nari,"Only has about a 25% chance of getting through any given loading screen. I've even left the game on a loading screen for an entire work day, and still had to kill it with the task manager once I got home."
76561198046229746,Recommended,480640,33416232,Posted: 9 July,all,boutit17,"I love this game in person, I loved this game on my phone, and I love this game on my PC. Can't wait to see what they keep adding to it."
76561198006567656,Recommended,480640,32555051,Posted: 18 June,all,Star Paladin,"I played this board game with some friends, but we never played it more than twice.  So I bought it, thinking I could continue playing solo.  Sadly, I remembered why we stopped playing.  There is very little you can do to interact or help other players/characters.  You can toss them an occational blessing; or on rare occations ""shoot"" from afar, but really this is a card solitare game with multiplayer features (that does not even allow for multiplayer for some crazy reason).I would give it a thumbs sideways if there was the option.  And since I realized it was not multiplayer after I had it for 2+ hours, I could not refund.  :/  A ever so slightly thumbs up, but I would return it if I could (it's FRIGGING expensive)."
,Recommended,480640,32562654,Posted: 19 June,all,Rokolith,"This is a great single player card game that plays like an RPG. I really want them to continue this series and make it in multiplayer eventually, so here's hopeing this is just the first of many"
76561198245946260,Recommended,480640,33576877,Posted: 15 July,all,PfuncTyrant,"So addicted to this game, Soooo Gooood"
76561198063609706,Recommended,480640,32590016,Posted: 20 June,all,uglydayfif,"Been waiting on this to hit Steam since i bought the first box of cards years ago. The game is great in either physical or digital but playing multiple characters yourself with the physical edition wastes a ton of time. While my kids love playting the card game with me i am happy to finally be able to go relax with a few games alone without shuffling or having my iPad plugged in tethering me akwardly.From playing both versions i can say the dice rolls are equally as fair is in real life. I don't know how i feel about being able to pay for buffs and to insert better cards into your box of digital cards but truth be told i preorder the physical cards from Paizo to get extra legendary cards and have bought promo cards off Ebay from board game conventions.All in all this is a great way to relax and test multiple different party builds to find playstyles you like. Not being able to cheat with various home rules and ignore my bad rolls makes the game each run harder but very enjoyable.Bottom line is Obsidian/Paizo has an amazing experience here for you that you really can't get from other digital games. This isn't some cheap clone or game made for phones, it is an adaption of a great card game brought to you by people who know table top and digital RPGs."
76561197970541909,Recommended,480640,32607818,Posted: 20 June,all,Soothslayer,Addictive as ♥♥♥♥.
76561198111056077,Not Recommended,480640,35281570,Posted: 28 September,all,Blaazer,"Core gameplay is great, but consistently loses hours of gameplay every time the program is shut down due to sync issues."
,Recommended,480640,33304099,Posted: 6 July,all,Irx,"A fun card game, fine for a time-killer.Wish it had a real story and a bit of depth though. 6/10."
,Recommended,480640,32562194,Posted: 19 June,all,TimFortress,"I played the mobile version before and I already unocked all contants(all unlockable Heroes and 6 chapters) for free before the PC version release. And then I pay for the PC version so that I can play the same thing on PC(Because of the link account function I can move my progress all into PC version ).Thats makes me think of one question, why am I paying something that I already unlocked ?But overall , no board game is alike Pathfinder ACG, they even added the  check success chance so that you dont have to look at the dice anymore.Good job, a dice game without the need of looking at the dice."
76561198042047918,Not Recommended,480640,32508057,Posted: 17 June,all,Zinder,Unplayable at its current state. Mechanics should be improved and some bugs fixed before it's worth the price tag. Better to play for free on the mobile platform for the time being.
,Not Recommended,480640,32516604,Posted: 17 June,all,Fermia,a good game. But i feel that bluestack is the same and thats free
,Not Recommended,480640,35140867,Posted: 22 September,all,charliechuckleberry,"Spent $23.99 for the full game + all DLC currently  (it was 40% off)This game is extremely decent, but I have one huge gripe.  It has an item mall that makes this game extremely pay to have fun.Inventory System:The currently inventory is limited to 10 slots.  I don't have a problem with that, except the game is made more difficult because you could pay money to increase the number of cards in the inventory.  The inventory is called Stash and is limited to 10 cards; but there is a second inventory called Unclaimed which has unlimited space by paying them lots of money.  Don't be fooled, EVERYBODY IS USING IT; because the game is grinding unfun without it.  Luckily, since I paid a premium price, they gave me a lot of that ""premium"" service to make this game easier (*cough, I mean normal).  To make things worse, permanently destroying cards is OP (over powered) in this game.  You could go on a spending spree and beat this game in a yawn feast without ever thinking about strategy; or you could struggle without ever gimping your character (no destroying cards)..  I'd say most people play the game in between based on how mentally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ they actually are...Rune System:Another pay to get a direct advantage in the game, and it has a real life timer attached to it.  I hate it, they literally lower the difficulty 20% just for paying money or grinding the ♥♥♥♥ out of the game.  The game is designed to give you a 0% chance of winning with♥♥♥♥♥♥cards,♥♥♥♥♥♥runes, and without strategy.  So, basically the amount of money you spend directly affects how easy the game is for you.  Most players will claim that you can grind gold to get this stuff for free; which is admitting they redesigned the game to be a grind feast.  I love grinding, yay!  NO ♥♥♥♥ING WAY!!  Any game designed to be grindy and unfun is a huge thumbs down for me..Charm System:A very well hidden system that allows a direct money from your wallet to a instant win scenario.  There are about 8-9 specific charms that allow you to directly add dice; or flat out win scenarios by literally just giving you a almost 50% boost in power.  You can be rolling between 1-10, but pay some money and now you are rolling two d10's doing 2-20dmg.  That's a direct 100% increase in power if you are willing to pay the cash.  I guess when you modify the boardgame to make it harder, then you need to add ways to make the game easier (by paying real $$).  Just in case we messed up making the game too hard.Sources from original boardgame rulebook (Notice: You should able to keep cards on failed runs, but the video game version does not allow this.  Thus making this game exponentially harder.)http://paizo.com/products/btpy8x6l?Pathfinder-Adventure-Card-Game-Rise-of-the-Runelords-Base-SetOverall Review:Sept. 22, 2017; Currently the game is well done and would be a perfect thumbs up, perfect 100% grade A game....  However, adding the pay to have fun aspect to this game leaves a sour taste.  It's like paying to get into Disneyland, and then finding out you need to pay for ""premium tickets"" to NOT wait in line for 2 hours.  Yes, you eventually get your fun; but paying extra to not wait in line for a 2 hour grind is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T and I refuse to support this♥♥♥♥♥♥  No recommendation, thumbs down!EDIT: I just found out this game is FREE for mobile devices, absolutely no difference in product.  Damn, it's too late for me to get a refund.  Here's the sources to download it for free:Android:https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.obsidian.pacg1&hl=enIOS:https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/pathfinder-adventures-a-roleplaying-card-game/id966333863?mt=8**I'm totally Piii--issed that I paid $24 for a free2play, or freemium game..."
76561197982872523,Not Recommended,480640,33785221,Posted: 25 July,all,_sjc_,Sadly this is pay to win.It seem like a good game but you always lose due to running out of time(making you buy more time/blessings.)I think i'll go buy the card game.
76561198203614376,Recommended,480640,32571740,Posted: 19 June,all,Anapoda,Great game.
76561198273254344,Not Recommended,480640,35115220,Posted: 21 September,all,night4,"I'm at about 40% in favor of recommending this game, 60% against.  That in mind:Pros-Graphics-Gameplay-MusicCons-Microtransactions-Art Style (personal preference here, I think all the characters are shockingly ugly)-Lack of Character Customization (not to mention, when you ""rename"" a character, it still uses their old one!)-Lack of OriginalityThe last con is the absolute deal-breaker for me, hands down.  The game doesn't give me anything I haven't seen a thousand times before, and most of it is shamelessly copied from D&D.  I don't expect them to reinvent the wheel, but c'mon, occationally give me *something* that's slightly original."
,Not Recommended,480640,32453312,Posted: 15 June,all,Izzatso?,After two Hours of playing the Windows Version (20+ on my iPad)i will refund the Game because the UI is ♥♥♥♥e...The more you play the more the UI get in the Way TO GET THINGS done.Until its a chore to play the Game.The UI is clearly designd for an Tablet.And the PC Port is in this Regard a lazy one.Obsidian should do a total Makeover for the UI.So Shut up and give me my Money back.The Port of the Card Game itself is still a solid 6/10 on IOS (because they removed the Quest Mode) but this PC Port is a solid 2/10******************** 1st Impression Review *************************27€ for all Adventure Packs?! in the Obsidian Edition?!Shut up and take my Money...IOS / Android Port with IOS / Android UI giving the Mouse a Heartattack for all the moving around...But the Port has Keyboard Shortcuts to most Functions... Thats a clear Save Roll :-)The new Tutorial is better than on Tablet...The Game as it is... A Solo RPG Card Game based the Roll of the Dice and playing the Right Cards....IS AWESOME one of my all Time Favs iPad Apps.08/10 for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ UI
,Not Recommended,480640,34514198,Posted: 26 August,all,SlapBone,I don't understand how the game can get vapor locked on a card exchange manouver. I had to kill it from the task manager.
,Not Recommended,480640,35103480,Posted: 21 September,all,Kerensky,"Singleplayer game with ridiculous RNG mechanics to resolve everything and microtransactions on top of that all.  MTX in a singleplayer game, are you kidding me.Wouldn't even recommend it on sale.  I'd refund except it took me too long to see all of the hideously glaring flaws.EDIT:  The RNG dictating everything is probably as harmful, if not more harmful, than the loot crates and MTX.  If you thought losing 80%+ chance rolls in other games is bad, this one hurts so much more.  Often to boost your chance to win, you are discarding or sometimes even banishing (more on that later) many cards from more than just your character fighting the key battle but other characters to boost them.  Range weapons, boons, that sort of thing.  That moment when you raise a 10% chance to succeed to 90% chance to succeed vs a boss that you likely won't get another chance to beat (there are pin down and lock out mechanics to prevent them from fleeing and needing to be fought repeatedly) and fail spectacularly anyways, ruining the entire adventure, well if that's not infuriating I don't know what is.Other aspects are also too RNG dependant.  Trying to search through 6 locations only to have the minions who allow you to 'lock down' those locations at the bottom of the deck is a guaranteed failed adventure because of the clock you are always fighting. And it swings both ways, sometimes you have an insanely quick and easy time because 4 of those locations have the lockdown enemy at or near the top of the deck and you just breeze through the adventure not evening using half of the alotted time.  There's no decision making process that can save you from  badly shuffled adventure location decks.And yea, you can sometimes permanently banish cards.  The hearthstone equivalent would be using and destroying your card during a match, and then not having that card anymore in your collection, it's just gone forever.  Unlike hearthstone, can't craft any card you want/need either, it's all up to the RNG loot crates."
,Not Recommended,480640,35181852,Posted: 24 September,all,deadraque,"just not good enough, i Love duce games and card games, so Useally I will love this kind, but it it not fun, it is fustrating and grinding to get just 1 card  just takes forever. And then the after play, where you need to discard the same cards over and over again is utterly annoying. I also found that the cards are way to high to have fair combats. + that they added a kind of timer so you must defeat all the game in 30 turns, who invented that extra rule that destroys even more the fun of the game.Tharsis that has way less content is much more fun to play."
76561198035667234,Not Recommended,480640,32485796,Posted: 16 June,all,Athenian,"Tutorial Glitched and was unable to finish that. Started game, was able to figure out basics, but difficulty is quite punishing right from the start and a couple of cards disappeared from my collection when I added them to my deck. Interface is unresponsive and game does not explain well what you need to do in some instances. Maybe I missed something as I was unable to finish tutorial, but I have seen many free games that did this better. Gonna go play a garbage freemium card game as at least that will work."
76561198297640998,Not Recommended,480640,35140347,Posted: 22 September,all,ScarletXVI,Neither pathfinder trpg nor adventureLike a low rank mobile game
76561198195914733,Recommended,480640,33904520,Posted: 30 July,all,Slippers4389,"Since I've purchased the Obsidian Edition, why didn't I have 'the upgrade to the Obsidian Edition' in my library?"
,Not Recommended,480640,35121469,Posted: 21 September,all,Sasquatch,"Yuck. I thought I would like it, but just plain didnt.It wasnt rewarding or fun. Just a miss for me. Waiting for refund"
,Recommended,480640,32461649,Posted: 15 June,all,Fatigued,Just like all the other versions of the game but now on PC!
76561197975341760,Recommended,480640,32582869,Posted: 19 June,all,Cool Chris,It is a good game.  You should get it.
76561198064596302,Not Recommended,480640,35181939,Posted: 24 September,all,t('.'t),Money Grinder Adventures.
,Not Recommended,480640,33359810,Posted: 7 July,all,Art,Totally worth it the RNG is there right next to you with 99% success rate and out of the 10 times I have failed them 8 times by rolling 3 dice sets of 1's. Just be aware that 99% means that you will fail the roll with 80% chance or something...Done the tutorial and still haven't completed the first mission but ended with 3 of the 6 characters dead since they lost all the cards/health from those 99% rolls.
76561198119007105,Recommended,480640,32457324,Posted: 15 June,all,busteratlass,"Hmm... So I linked the PC app to my android account as suggested and lost about 40k in gold :/ I hope this is a bug, any advice would be helpful"
76561197999881555,Not Recommended,480640,32556161,Posted: 18 June,all,Lord Xtheth,So... I bought the obsidian edition on sale... I don't think I got everything.
,Recommended,480640,34370872,Posted: 20 August,all,Bugzy,"В игре есть весьма критические баги, но тем не менее она довольно интересная и затягивающая, практически как и настолка. Лучше чем ДЦПшный ХС.Касательно непроходимых багов - они реально способны подпортить настроение и желание играть вообще в это творение, но тем не менее они обходятся, например, использованием синхронизированного мобильного приложения. Так что если у вас где-то забаговали кубики, попробуйте обойти это прогрузив игру на мобильнике/планшете. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥й конечно."
,Recommended,480640,32452032,Posted: 15 June,all,SammieB,Just pray to the RNG gods… then pray again.10/10 would transfer from phone to computer a second time.
76561198022907259,Not Recommended,480640,32894548,Posted: 27 June,all,Hudson,"Once I saw that this is an Obsidian game, I knew I needed to buy it, and in my zealous devotion I thought it would be a great idea to buy the Obsidian Edition since I love everything they make.  This was a terrible mistake.  Being unfamiliar with the game, I really had no idea what I was getting.  I only wanted to support an awesome company.I feel that what I got was too much.  If there were some way to revert to the base game, I would be happy.  It is just that I usually play games on the hardest difficulty, and being given as much as the Obsidian Edition gives you, I don't feel any motivation to progress through the beginning of the game.Is this a fun game?  Yes, every Obsidian game is great!  Should you buy the Obsidian Edition?  If you like your games to be difficult, ABSOLUTELY NOT!"
,Not Recommended,480640,32550934,Posted: 18 June,all,Maximus Renegade Star Soldier,Nah. Seriously. Not worth it.
76561198203298896,Not Recommended,480640,33164877,Posted: 2 July,all,无聊,"at very beginning, I was very exciting, and loved this game, tried several hours to research the rules and the skills, the powers, the feats... because I really loved this dice game with magic style theme.but after I'm cheated by this cheap liar, the shameless, brazen, impudent AI, which make me failed a check with 99% sucess rate at the time to defeat a villian, then,I have realized this game is manipulated liar, the RNG is manipulated by some invisible filthy hands too.Not to mention I counter many times with 95% sucess rate to be defeated by AI's 5% rate, but 99%... this go too far, I can not bear it.for those can not bear Ai defeat you at 99% sucess rate on your side, I don't recommend this game. for those who can, well, good luck next time!"
