user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,481110,25632342,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,boberro,"Let's make it clear: this is not an adventure game, it's an interactive movie. It's not Phantasmagoria 2, it's Urban Runner.Is 2 hours of gameplay enough? No.Is 2 hours of movie enough? Hell yos.Now back to the game - it's great. You're getting a horror story, that while not groundbreaking, is very solid material for genre (that's important) awards.Gameplay wise it's all straighforward, with some collectibles and documents being only challenge, but that's ok - it's ""just"" a movie."
,Recommended,481110,25611619,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/Kmc4exPi7oETL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!The Bunker is an atmospheric full motion video (FMV) adventure with an interesting story that plays like an interactive movie.You play as John, and you are the last man alive in the nuclear bunker. You adhere to the daily routine, until one day, things start to go wrong. The game is story rich, and as you move through areas of the bunker, you have flashbacks of your once repressed childhood memories. These memories fill in the backstory, and reveal the hidden truths that lie within the bunker.As far as the gameplay goes, your interaction is done using the mouse, kind of like a live action point and click adventure. You click to move and interact with objects. Expect a lot of cinematics, but as the story progresses, there are times where you can choose to react, and then other times where you must react and click things quickly.Pros:the linear story is very intriguing, and it’s definitely one of those games that you start playing, and will want to finish in the same sittingvery atmospheric - the game is actually filmed in an old nuclear bunker; between the location  and all the outdated technology, the time period in the game feels authenticthe script is well written, the characters are all believable, and the acting is done wellthe audio is great - the music, does an excellent job setting the mood throughout the gameCons:the game is short for the price (it took me a bit over 2 hours), and lacks replay value, unless you missed some achievementsConclusion:It’s been about 15 years since I’ve played a FMV style game, and they did a really good job with The Bunker. It feels like an interactive movie, where you’re more heavily invested in the story and its characters because you are directly controlling it. This style of game isn’t for everyone, but those who enjoy interactive, story rich adventures will most likely enjoy this game as well. I’m pleased with the overall experience, and my only real complaint about it is that I wish it had been cheaper since it is a short game.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Not Recommended,481110,33122586,Posted: 2 July,all,Psyringe,"Decent story marred by ultra-linear gameplay and lack of basic features""The Bunker"" is a fairly decent post-apocalyptic thriller movie - turned into a deplorably poor game that repeats all the mistakes of the ""interactive movies"" of the 90s, a time when these products were expected to sell on the basis of their full-motion video alone, and gameplay was an afterthought.The premise is fairly interesting. After a nuclear strike hit Great Britain, people try to survive in bunkers, and you are the youngest resident in one of these, having been born just when the attack happened. The game starts with all other residents already dead and you being the last survivor, clinging to your daily routine because you don't know anything else. When a system failure requires you to break out of that routine and enter long abandoned parts of the facility, disturbing memories of your past resurface.This story is competently filmed with good actors, great cinematography and direction, and a well-chosen location. It's not perfect - the music can be obtrusive at times, and there are completely unnecessary scenes that are only included to show a bit of gore, when the protagonist, who is otherwise too anxious to even go down a staircase, implausibly keeps fiddling with a shaky stepladder so that he can fall and break his arm. But all in all, this could really have been an enjoyable independent movie. Unfortunately someone tried to turn it into a game, and this is where the trouble starts:- The game is ultra-linear. You do not get a single choice to make until the very last scene, seconds before the game ends. Apart from that, all the game's interaction consists of a) optional hotspots that you can click for additional information (or achievements), and b) quick-time events that you need to pass so that the movie can progress.- If you fail a quick-time event, you're thrown back several scenes and have to replay these.- You then have to watch all scenes again, completely, because there's no way to skip anything.- If you replay the game (e.g. to hunt for achievements), you'll also have to watch everything again, completely. There isn't even a chapter selection available, you have to start from scratch. There is also only one save slot, so your progress from the previous playthrough will be erased completely.- Sometimes a choice leads you to a scene from where you can't turn back, and you have no chance of seeing that in advance. This way you can miss hotspots that are important for achievements, just because you happened to click the wrong one first.The only positive aspect that I could find in the integration of movie and gameplay in The Bunker, is that the video and sound loops (when the game is waiting for your input) are technically very well done, it is almost impossible to spot where the loop ends. But that's really it.In short, the game diligently adheres to almost every single failure that made a lot of 90s FMV games terrible. This is all the more frustrating since recent games like Tesla Effect, Cloud Chamber, or Press X To Not Die have shown that FMVcannowadays be a part ofgoodgames with meaningful interaction. Even in Her Story, controversial as it might be for some, the player's input matters much more than in The Bunker, which - to be honest - looks like a relic of the past when compared to other FMV games, just with movie material that's actually decent.""The Bunker"" is still enjoyable as a 2-hour movie experience which occasionally requires your input to progress, but I can't recommend a game when its gameplay is so obviously terrible, and the only good parts are in its non-game aspects. Don't pay more for it than you would for watching its content as a movie."
,Recommended,481110,25606681,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,FriskyCthulhu,"The Bunker is proof that FMV has a place in contemporary gaming still. The immersion from live actors' emotions and movements is what drives this game. I was emotionally invested almost immediately. The point-and-click style of gameplay, along with the FMV tickled my nostalgia, while also providing a crisp, attractive, and engaging story. The cast provided excellent acting, and I particularly enjoyed the acting of the protagonist. There were definitely moments I shared his misery and pain.There are certainly some little bumps along the way. There are a few quick time events which are easy to miss, especially when playing with a controller unless you have your sensitivity maxed. And of course the game was short, about 2 hours from start to finish, but for $17 dollars I found it well worth it."
,Recommended,481110,25689713,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,The Coyote,"Proof that FMV works if you have the atmosphere, the setting, and actual actors who don't make you cringe. I'm glad to see FMV making a comeback (mainly from the Brits strangely enough) and this grips you from start to finish. It's not very long but the price is fairly warranted when you consider just how much they probably had to pay for. Using a real cold war bunker for the setting is incredible and the static photos of the long-derelict building adds an incredible atmosphere.I love exploring in these kinds of games and reading every document, computer memo etc to piece together what went wrong. In Fallout 4 it's one of the best parts. People are dead, and all we know is what they've written down. The only problem with The Bunker is the twist is pretty much given away as soon as it starts. If they make more of these kinds of games (and I hope they do), I'd recommend having less FMV scenes and more exploring to find out what happened. The flashback FMV scenes work great and if you got one every time you found a document that links something, I think the impact would be greater.Still impressed with this, especially as its gone to consoles too. More of this please :)"
,Recommended,481110,32740103,Posted: 24 June,all,Ariamen,"A FMV point and click with some impressive production values. The game feels tense and atmospheric.  Expect a jump scare or two.  The twists were fairly satisfying, and you’ll not have it all figured out in 5 minutes of starting the game, which was refreshing.You could argue that it's short, about 2 hours to complete.  However, it tells a compelling story in that time.  I look forward to more from this company."
,Not Recommended,481110,28318092,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,insectopod,"The GoodThe bunker is delightfully creepy, knowing you are the only one left.  The establishment of The Routine was well done, as well as it's departure.  Though the bunker is dead, it doesn't quite feel dead, and the developers hold that over you until the very end.  Every eerie little noise is magnified by the fact that you are the sole person left.  It makes for some incredibly tense moments, and later disturbing and macabre.  The lead actor does an exceptional job portraying an innocent-yet-clearly-deeply-disturbed individual with a malleable sense of purpose.  The soundtrack was also top notch, no complaints there, it does it's job.The BadAlthough I enjoyed my time in the bunker, it is a very brief tale that leaves more to be desired.  The story was enthralling, but there is no reason to return to the game once it reaches it's end.  The only actual gameplay is in the form of hunting for lost toys and a BRIEF puzzle sequence.  It's so disapointing to me that I cannot ultimately recommend this title even though I like what it has to offer.  It just does not have enough value.  There is no reason to play the entire bunker again just because I missed a few toys that ultimately change nothing about the game's outcome.   They could have greatly extended the life of this game by just expanding on what it already has, but it never happens.   I was ready and willing to spend many many hours exploring the bunker and unraveling all of it's intricacies, but what little there is has no real impact on the gameplay.  This game is one of the few times I can say it felt TOO story driven.  Story can be a very compelling thing but it is no replacement when it comes to missing gameplay.Overall:  I cannot recommend this as a game due to an aching lack of gameplay.  Great story, but that is all it really is so take that as you will."
76561197967254571,Not Recommended,481110,25607749,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,MalZ,"It's a 2 hour game if you are still wondering.The acting is good, the plot is guessable by midgame and it's just not challenging enough for my taste. There's just one simple puzzle, the rest of the game you just follow the path, clicking away.Wait for a discount if you really want to play it."
,Recommended,481110,33390400,Posted: 8 July,all,Balaam's ass,"TLDRThis is an introspective story on a well-explored topic: the Lone Survivor in a dystopic world.  It's done pretty well too, and has a good soundtrack for the presentation, but it'snota game as the gamer community would define.  The Bunker is an interactive story, where choices matter and actions have consequences.DEETSFirst, a few notes about the interactive aspects.1.) Most of the choices you make will be in regards to finding cookies, as opposed to survival.  It's easy to miss the few minor collectables in the game if you're not looking for them, and it's not always intuitive to look where they may appear.  Darkened corners, minor minutia of background details, and simple but unannounced puzzles are all a factor in various scenes.2.) You generally cannot fail to advance the storyline in a permanent way.  If you don't do the right things, you'll stay where you are, or have to go back to an area (small map, there aren't many) in order to have the correct storyline interaction.3.) There are four places (that I found) where you have a chance to do something (minor) that will have a small storyline impact, and all four of these are timed - only a couple of seconds to click or not click.  I succeeded twice and wasn't paying attention twice, and there seemed to be no effect on my game, and I still got 100% achis in a single playthrough (read note below about 100% achis).That said, the story was good, and told in a manner similar to flashback-flashforward.  This is because the protagonist, John (who is alone after chapter 1 - no spoiler, you'll learn this right away), is essentially a blank slate with almost no interactions with people for most of his life, but memories enough to haunt him in the cavernous halls of where he's lived by-the-book.  And I mean literally an 'eat, press all the buttons, toilet, take meds, wait for next day' kind of by-the-book.  He's alone in an underground bunker after the bomb, and was born there, stayed all his life, and outlived everyone else there.Music/ambiance is acceptable to the setting, genre, and events in the storyline, but there is no music volume control, only a game volume setting - and I think that lacking audio would take away some of the game.As a rule, during interactive parts there is ample opportunity to roll mouse over the screen in order to locate interactable items/areas, so it's not hard to find everything.Despite my 5 hours in the game, about 2.5 of that was spent idle for cards, and I'd estimate that the presentation can be completed in about 90 minutes, but that those interested in achis or completionism will probably go about 2.5 hours.Regarding the 100% achis, there are two endings, both of which can be gained from a single playthrough - but it will require you to reload via the CONTINUE button at game menu after choosing one ending; then you just go back and choose the other from save.  This will cost you about 7 minutes or so because you essentially have to repeat the last chapter, up to the choice at the end.I think this was worth the sale price, and I don't want either my money or my time back, but there's no way I'd ever recommend spending $20 here.  For $5, go for it and settle in for an evening entertainment, in a ""game"" where you can eat popcorn and lounge with your pet while you're still paying attention enough to get the needed interactions.For it's genre (interactive story) I think this is a good effort: 7.5/10.  Good job, Green Man, Splendy, and Wales!"
76561197967410147,Recommended,481110,25719926,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,-freehugs-,Short game but perfect to finish in one sitting.Good acting and nice story. location and costumes reminded me of my visit to the war rooms in London.Some people might argue that it could be cheaper since is short but i think its fair for the quality of production and cast.Could use some more material to read/audios to play to make the game more dense.Not and adventure game if you are wondering. more like an interactive movie.Hope the devs will come back to the style and maybe elaboreate a bit more.7/10
,Recommended,481110,25608429,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,CjuGames,"Does it revolutionize the horror genre? I don't think so.Is it worth playing? Absolutely. Very story-heavy with paper thin gameplay, but I would recommend this.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KC6tOYR9po"
76561197983499506,Recommended,481110,26159769,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,kwdblade,"An interesting take on the point and click adventure game, this live action experience feels more like a movie that happens to have prompts for the audience to interact with, giving you some sense of choice. However, there is little that you can do to change the ""story"" from playing out the way it was meant to, other than the ending, and perhaps the ""choice"" to find all the collectibles (toys, computers, tapes, notes, and puzzle piece). A few QTE's interrupt the narrative as well, prompting you to click in a certain amount of time, and depending on the situation, it can be fatal. While it was annoying to have to watch the same action play out the exact same way (I ""died"" twice), the ""checkpoints"" were well placed and I did not have to repeat too much of my previous actions.Fair warning, this game is short. I finished it in about 2 hours. I may go back in, if only to find the rest of the collectibles and choose the other ending, but if I do, that will take probably even less time. So you are looking at around 2-4 hours, with little to no replayability. Is that worth 20 dollars? For me it was. It may be different for you. I would say that I probably would of enjoyed this more as a straight film, but I appreciate the effort. I wish there was more to the game though, and I hope the developers have more in mind."
,Recommended,481110,25703626,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,SidAlpha,"https://youtu.be/InGhnW4KYDoThe Bunker is an FMV Video Game done very much in a similar vein to it’s 90’s predecessors. Featuring Adam Wood, the game takes you through a tense story arc where the character John battles against the decades old failing equipment while slowly dredging up memories of the past that allude to a horrible tragedy.The story in the game is amazing and the acting is exceptionally well done, providing a wonderful atmosphere for the tense and tragic story arc. It is an experience that I feel is well worth the asking price and definitely something I am well able to recommend to my viewers.However, bear in mind that the game is not without flaws. I did encounter one bug involving the child-John on the stairwell that forced me to exit and reload as I missed the quicktime event and the game would not let me continue. Also the gameplay being considered “barely present” Would be an accurate estimation and I feel the game could have benefited from a more robust system to back up the incredible story.It is also short. Clocking in at under 2 hours, the game is short and that is mostly due to the lack of any in-depth gameplay mechanic. And as was the curse of the original FMV’s, the replayability is, while not nonexistent, extremely low.All told, I ranked this a solid 8/10. The Devs did an amazing job for what they were intending to accomplish and all those involved should give themselves a pat on the back."
76561198043053799,Not Recommended,481110,32896420,Posted: 27 June,all,holychair,"I’m a big fan of FMV games, but this one was actually quite a disappointment. I mean, it’s got an interesting premise, a good overall atmosphere and acting, but there’s those three things that take it down:1) It’s extremely short, I got through it in 2 hours – and then there’s really nothing to come back for. Unlike e.g. “Late Shift” or “Tender loving care” this game is completely linear and has no branchings except the two endings which only comprise a very short sequence of footage at the very end (mainly explaining again what happened for those who didn’t get it already).2) You can see the obligatory story twist coming from miles away, really!3) There’s QTE in the game, and those unfortunately get irritatingly difficult towards the end. I am usually not against QTE (not even those in RE6 could daunt me), but here I really had to surrender. I couldn’t beat the very last one, even though I tried it almost ten times. Every time you fail you have to rewatch a looong unskippable and boring cutscene, only to fail said QTE again within seconds. What were they thinking? Did the devs really assume this would be seen as a great and challenging climax? Let me tell you: No, it isn’t, it’s just infuriating. I eventually had to cut it and watched the brief ending scene(s) on Youtube – disappointing!“The Bunker” is currently rather overrated. The material would have made for a good short movie, but as an FMV adventure game it fails due to its combination of strict linearity with superfluous and annoying QTE."
76561197983664943,Recommended,481110,25609703,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,[SOT]Evilbill,"This is a well crafted FMV interactive movie.  It is a game in the sense that you must, at times, click the prompts.  But that is not the essence of this little gem.  The well balanced story telling is where this game shines best.  Yes, at $20, one could argue that it's overpriced for a movie, however that is what one would spend on a Blueray or digital download of a new release title.  I personally have no problem spending such money to support a studio that is creating a unique experience.  Others may feel differently and that is just fine.  If you want to wait for a price drop, good on you.  But the price should not reflect the review.The Bunker is a story about love and what it can make a person do.  It is a story about survival in the worst possible conditions.  It is a story about the ghosts that haunt the choices we make.  As the protagonist you must push forward through difficult odds and in so doing expose the story of The Bunker.  It is a well thought story that reveals itself to you as you move to your ultimate goal.As far as FMV games go, this is one of the best acted I have ever seen.  The lead actor, Adam Brown, was given a difficult role in a difficult medium, and at times can seem over dramatic or forced, but that is a limit of the ""game"" format more than a reflection of his acting.  The cut away scenes are well directed and believable.  I would have liked a bit more written background in these scenes as it would have made the story richer, but it's likely the creators had to balance the flow of the game with the story itself.  In the end all is revealed and it is a satisfying and some would say disturbing tale.People who enjoy FMV and games such as ""Her Story"" as well as a story with a twist will enjoy The Bunker.  It is not ham-fisted or corny like ""Contradiction"" which I also loved, but it has it's place as a serious FMV story game.  I completed it in under two hours, so it can be done in a single playthrough.  There are acheivements, it is not possible to complete them all on a single playthrough.  I did not get all the acheivements because I did not feel that was a purpose behind the product, but more of a steam addon.I would recommend this game to others, and if the price is too steep go ahead and wishlist this and wait for the holiday sale.  Enjoy.EDIT: Nominated for ""I thought this game was cool before it won and award"".  Because I think it really deserves one."
,Recommended,481110,28654754,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Sweet Tooth,"Just beat this game in a little under 2 hours. This game has significantly higher production values than I would expect for a full motion video (FMV) adventure horror video game. The acting is also suprisingly good and the Story is both interesting and gripping. There is a realistic feeling of claustrophobia and paranoia as you navigate the differant areas of the facility.However, the game is not without gripes. A  lack of interactivity is often present almost to the point where it is just a movie. The playthrough time is relatively short at two hours and the replay value is minimal.Overall I would give  The Bunker 8/10."
76561198042646749,Recommended,481110,34275788,Posted: 16 August,all,kris.aalst,"The Bunkeris a visual novel in Full Motion Video (FMV). I labelThe Bunkera visual novel to make it clear it'snota point & click adventure game, because that's the game genre that has used FMV the most and becauseThe Bunkermaylooklike a point & click adventure game at first sight.I recommendThe Bunkerbut only to people who need an FMV fix or people who like visual novels and would like to try anFMVvisual novel for a change, or people who are interested inThe Bunkerfor artistic reasons.GameplayThe Bunkertells a completely linear story and it contains no puzzles at all. The player just continues the story by interacting with a white orb that appears on screen. This interaction happens in one of the following ways:the player moves the mouse pointer to an object and clicks on the orb that appears near it to continue the storythe player clicks and drags the mouse pointer to the orb to continue the storythe player moves the mouse pointer to the orb and rapidly clicks the mouse button a few dozen times to continue the storythe player moves the mouse pointer to the orb and clicks the mouse button before a timer expires (so more or less QTE)StoryThe story is about a man named John who's born in a nuclear bunker and who's a bit… er, 'special'. I think 'autistic' is both the correct term and the politically correct term but I'm not sure. Anyway, at the start of the game, there are only two survivors left in the bunker: John and his mother. But John's mother is sick and she dies after telling him to keep performing the daily routine to assure his continued safety in the bunker. Soon after, an alarm goes off and John needs to break his routine to venture into parts of the bunker he'd rather leave alone, because the past haunts those areas…Graphics and soundGraphically,The Bunker's FMV is of the highest quality. Actual high-budget movie quality. The acting is also impressive for an FMV game. I didn't recognize any of the actors but I quote from the product description: ""An incredible cast, including Adam Brown (The Hobbit), Sarah Greene (Penny Dreadful), Grahame Fox (Game Of Thrones) and Jerome St. John Blake (Star Wars)"". That's an impressive gathering of resumes, although a quick Google search of those names seems to indicate these were all small supporting roles.Overall, the music is fine but I would have liked to see an option to reduce the music volume as it sometimes drowns out the voices of the people talking. At one time, the music was a resounding, reverberating noise that caused me to reduce the volume of my speakers until that part of the story was over.On Steam's extra featuresThe Bunkerhas 6 Steam Trading Cards. You'll get 3 while running the game.About half of the 28 Steam Achievements are story-related and unmissable. The other half are awarded for clicking on all sorts of missable objects, so achievement hunters will want to keep a guide handy. You can't skip any scene ofThe Bunkerso if you need to play through it again just for one or two achievements you happened to miss, you're going to groan for sure."
,Recommended,481110,25722441,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,neoadorable,"Feature-length FMV experience with mild horror elements. Point and click, button mashing, and missing object mechanics, none of them too difficult, although the button mashing gets rather annoying towards the end. The setting, photography, and acting are all superb. Especially lead Adam Brown, who seems to have gone through hell to make this. Some egregious gross out moments, so if you don't like bodily fluids and all sorts of gooey effects, then this one might be off putting. Otherwise as an ode to 80's nuclear war fears, it's a good story with a pleasing twist and some interesting choices and collectibles along the way. 8/10."
,Not Recommended,481110,34031719,Posted: 4 August,all,ZachThePerson,"This game would have made for a somewhat OK short film. However, as an interactive story... just don't.This game works in the beginning more like a standard point and click, where you mouse over the environment and click on the little white dots to perform the desired action IE: Click on the dot near the door to go through the door. Problem is, none of the dots are labled, so when you are say... looking at a shelf with 20 or so things on it, your guess is as good as mine what one white dot will do as opposed to the other :/The end is when this game just gets downright painful. Because this game is mostly movie clips, you will be forced to sit through around 3 minutes of movie, before a quicktime event jumps out of NOWHERE and before you can react, you failed, forcing you to watch the guy walk down the boring hall doing absolutely nothing for 3 minutes, before falling asleep at your keyboard, and failing the quicktime event AGAIN!Save yourself the suffering. If you really want to experience this story, just watch a ""Playthrough"" on youtube; You will be better off for it."
,Recommended,481110,27114145,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,r4kasha,"For some reason, having this game in my lousy laptop is a nice thing... I get to both play a game and watch movie in one iteration.. hehehe.. and this game doesn't use much of my lousy laptop resoure.. so me like it..i'm basically a movie junkie, so i happen to know all kind of movies nowadays... and the plot is OK OK"
,Recommended,481110,32861831,Posted: 27 June,all,BigFoot,"Good gameplay but WAAY too short, worth if you buy it on sale but not for the 19.99 euro they want for it. 7/10 i rate this game"
,Recommended,481110,32766732,Posted: 25 June,all,Bilopete,I didn't mind this game. Its short (around 2 hours) and best described as an interactive movie. The acting was good and so was the plot twist. Replay value is very low unless your a trophy hunter. Picked the game up for $5 during the Summer 2017 Steam Sale but it's hard to argue for paying the full price for this game.
,Recommended,481110,31588525,Posted: 6 May,all,Bodomi,"This review will contain minor spoilers about the game, all of which you will discover the first 5-10 minutes of gameplay.This game is a true example that FMV games aren't just a cesspool of joke games with terrible acting and scripts.This is a great interactive film,if you will, with tremendous acting and portrayal of characters.The camera work is spot on, the scenery and prop use is brilliant and truly makes the game atmospheric.You play as a man that was born in a bunker that was built to protect its inhabitants from nuclear war, in other words you've never seen the real world, you've been isolated from the outside your entire 30 years of life and you end up being the last person alive in the bunker, the 2nd last person was your mother which you loved deeply, she did a lot of things to keep both of you alive, to prolong your lifespan.It becomes apparent quite quickly that John,you, are struggling with some sort of mental illness, an inner demon, from being isolated, from being alone for so long.John, after his mother dies, tries to keep his same, dull and dreary routine alive, day in, day out.. but eventually systems within the bunker start to fail and John needs to repair them.There are some moments in the game where the acting is not top-notch, or you notice something that's just a bit off, something that didn't flow as naturally as everything else, but in my opinion the good outweighs the small amount of bad by a long shot.I wish for nothing more than a sequel, or another FMV game made by the same developers.I recommend this to everyone who may be interested, new comers or FMVeterans."
,Not Recommended,481110,33746831,Posted: 23 July,all,Seroto-9,"Hopeless at being 'interactive' in the sense that your feel part of the story, this would have been better as a short film. It's a short film worth watching, with great sound design and music, but it's wholly let down by pointless 'interactivity'."
76561198063466945,Recommended,481110,28976257,Posted: 3 January,all,Nuralim,"There is limited control over gameplay, but there are some (about five points) where the player can decide what to do, mainly during the flashbacks. The atmosphere is awesome, which is made by the underlying music - just fantastic tracks, and by the graphics and the gloomy and eerie setting.I can recommend this game for players who wnat to experience an intense story with the length of a slightly longer movie.It is in a sense a movie in which the player  can make some decisions to progress the story.However, since the game is quite short, I would wait for a sale."
76561198168692658,Recommended,481110,33306278,Posted: 6 July,all,Surikate,"A decently acted FMV thriller, which despite its short playtime and meager gameplay convinces through good direction and an atmospheric dystopian story.You'll be put in the shoes of John, who was born in a fallout shelter, while nuclear war devastated the UK and which he hasn't left once, until a daily routine he meticulously clings to gets torn to pieces through events unfolding, subsequently leaving him questioning his whole past, throughout which his mother was the almost only human interaction he ever had in his whole life. Well, and that's pretty much all one can tell about the game's story without spoiling everything, since it has a rather short playtime (~2 hrs) and any replayability is quite limited due to the fairly linear experience The Bunker offers, in the end being more of an interactive movie than a game and relying more on QTE's than obscure puzzles classic FMV's were rather known for. There are literally no choices for you to make until the very end, making you more of a spectator than a player, and even though there are interesting collectibles conveniently placed throughout the game, one has to be warned that you'll have to start anew once you miss out on any single one of them since you can't go back or select a particular chapter from the main menu.Granting its flaws in the gameplay department, The Bunker manages to immerse one in the struggle John faces though and never slips into any cheesiness that would certainly destroy the atmosphere this game thrives off: It has very solid acting, good direction and an intriguing script - all which many FMV's unfortunately lack. It probably wouldn't win an Emmy, but it still creates a nice experience and is equivalent to better TV show episodes or short movies. Reel loops are hard to detect, cuts are nicely done, all the actors provide a good performance and the soundtrack helps to keep the suspense throughout, although it tends to overshadow some dialogue on one or two occasions.If you're mainly undecided because of its rather hefty price tag, just wait for a good sale, lean back and enjoy a nicely told story, which albeit its shortcomings gameplay-wise got me hooked through its production values and good script."
76561198142540662,Recommended,481110,25730274,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,mystery_egypt,"This interactive movie was very cool! I knew from the beginning that this was not a game about solving puzzles, and so I didn't have false expectations.The live acting, the locations, the music, mood etc. drew me completely in: I cringed, held my breath, felt the pain and anxiety.If you go into this experience with the right expectations, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,481110,25717523,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,GaNjAlF 3ö~,"The Bunker is a FMW video game with atmosphere, good acting and a really good story.FMW done well works in the modern times adn I hope to see more games like this.Pro:Good actingGood storyInteresting charactersA tense atmosphere all over the experienceIt's short but never boringCons:Controls can be a little glitchy, especially with a controller  ( I had to use my keyborad for some parts)It's shortpuzzle are really simpleI highly reccomend this game, it's a wonderful FMW experience and a nice example that this gendre shuold be more considerate in modern games.If you are serching for a lot of interaction, replayability, lots of puzzles, maybe this game is not for you.It's an intense 2 hours game that will leave you with the desire to have more similar experiences."
,Recommended,481110,25649356,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Joseph Stalin,"[Please excuse that it says I have only played five minutes, I was offline]On first hearing about The Bunker, I thought it looked just to be another average horror game skinned on a gimmicky mechanic [that being the use of FMV] but after watching a short play through of the first five minutes, I knew I was wrong.Aside from the brilliant camera work and acting which i'm sure you can read all about in these reviews and on websites, The Bunker has a brilliant story beneath all the horror and occasional jumpscares. Sure it takes aspects from other stories with that apocalyptic setting and feel, and I garuntee this isn't the first you'll find with the idea of a small isolated group running out of supplies, or the 'you're not alone down here' thing which many games do, but the sharp writing takes full advantage of what most people would expect and turns it upside down.Many talk about the length of this game, and i'm happy to say that like those people I felt satisfied with the two hour [minimum] length. The cinematic feel allows you to stay interested in what's happening, and a need to want to know how it will all end shows that this game has great, engaging writing.There is more depth to this game which I cannot go into without spoiling it but if you really take a hard think about this game after the credits begin to roll, you will begin to understand just how smart it is.As for flaws, I can only say that I had a few audio issues with the voices being in sync, and also one situation later on where a quicktime event plays out at a very fast rate, and if not completed fast enough you will have to replay about a three minute segment. I didn't find it much of a bother but some might grow impatient with little things like that.- 9/10"
,Recommended,481110,25609509,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,TheBloke,"The Bunkeris a tense, thrilling and, in places, scary (albeit largely in a jump-scare sort of way) FMV story set in a bunker in post-nuclear-apocalypse Britain.  I was interested to pick it up as soon as I saw it played on Jim Sterling's YouTube, as I love post-nuclear scenarios, and the 1980s UK setting was particularly appealing to me as a 30-something Brit who grew up with the threat of The Bomb still hanging over the world.It's important to understand that it's short - around 2 hours - and basically an interactive movie.  Interaction is largely limited to clicking on the next step in a linear path, with the occasional QTE.  There's only one puzzle in the game, which you'll probably solve quickly and which will be irritating if you don't.  There's very little optional content, just a few flavour items in each area that you can choose to read/listen to or not.  I'd recommend you do, as they help flesh out the background.That said, the interaction does generally help to involve the player in the story, although there are times when it can also hinder.  If you fail a QTE - as I did once to see what would happen and a second time accidentally - it simply repeats the last few minutes of (unskippable) video.  There's no branching story, no way to change the linear path the character is on.  If you do the wrong step, the character will tell you so: ""no, I need to do X first"" and the like.As a FMV game it lives and dies on the script and the acting, and these are pretty good.  Both are realistic and believable.  The protagonist does veer slightly towards chewing the scenery at times, but much can be forgiven for a character who has spent their entire lives in a bunker surrounded by the constant threat of death. The FMV itself is of good HD quality, and well shot and directed.The plot becomes a little predictable as you near the end, and would seem extremely shallow and inconsequential if it had to survive alone as a TV episode or a movie.  It's really just about what happened and how, with no depth of character to anyone.  But it's unusual in a game setting, and padded out by the interactions and with tension raised by an excellent score and suitably atmospheric sound effects, there's just enough to work in this setting.Things fall down a little right at the end, where the final scenes feel the need to force home what happened, when any player is likely to have worked out most if not all of the details already.  After this there is a choice for the character's final ending, which is notable as the only real choice you ever have in the game.  I appreciated the fact that it gave the player one chance to decide what the character might do - or to decide for him what they think heshoulddo.  Beyond that though the choice has little meaning, as the two alternate endings are each only about 20 seconds long and show little.   You do get the chance to go back and do the other ending without repeating the whole game, though you will have to replay the final five minutes.After you complete the story you shouldn't expect much, if any replay value.  There are some collectibles in the game, and I failed to get them all, but feel no interest whatsoever in finding the rest given they appear to add nothing further to the story or even to the background flavour.  The only scenario in which I can see there being replayability is if you avoid all optional flavour items the first time around and then go back in later to access those.I played on Mac and had one worrying glitch within minutes of opening the game, where it crashed on one of the first interactions.  But after reloading it was fine the rest of the time.  As the game is basically just a fancy video player, technical problems should not be expected on even low-end systems.   Given this, there are a few more loading screens than I would have expected, though none lasted more than 15 seconds (playing the game on SSD.)  Perhaps there are/will be console ports which necessitated this.  It would have been nice if they hadn't have been there, but I didn't feel that they impacted the mood.Overall I'd definitely recommend the game to anyone who thinks that they will both enjoy the setting and themes and who is OK with spending the money for a two-hour experience.   A little more ambition and depth would have been nice, but if you know what you're getting it's worth your time.I definitely hope this developer and others continue to make new new FMV games because I think The Bunker - and Her Story before it - proves they can work if done carefully.  The stench that the 90s smeared on the concept is long behind us :)"
,Not Recommended,481110,26499203,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Dave Voyles,"I wanted to like this game, I really did. I played it at PAX during an Xbox showcase that Microsoft had for ID@Xbox developers, and the team behind it were cordial. As a huge fan of FMV games, I was looking forward to this myself.I found myself engrossed by the story and idea of it initially, but as time went on, and the interactivity dropped, I realized things were not playing out as I had planned. The gameplay simply wasn’t there. I was essentially hitting the mouse to advance to the next screen. The only choice you have in the game as at the very end, where you have a simple binary decision, and the games ends 5 seconds later.I recently finished the fantastic FMV title, Contradiction, where you play as a detective in England trying to solve a murder in a small town, and couldn’t out it down. I had high hope, coming from that experience, and imagined a world where FMV was coming back, especially after the sweep of wins that Her Story achieved at GDC earlier this year.For $20, I suppose you have a 2 hour long film, which wasn’t by any means bad, it simply wasn’t an entertaining experience. Most of the title is played through flashbacks, which give some exposition, but just as you begin to care about the handful of characters, the game ends.Pity, but I still have hopes for FMV games and their resurgence. At $20 it is a bit pricey for my tastes, even as an FMV aficionado, but at $10, I think it hits a sweet spot."
,Recommended,481110,32763750,Posted: 25 June,all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"The Bunker is a full-motion video (FMV) game published by the noteworthy Green Man Gaming Publishing, and developed by both Splendy Interactive and Wales Interactive; the latter of whom are the masterminds behind the psychological sci-fi thriller title, Master Reboot. Taking place in an unknown year, The Bunker follows a man named John and his mother, the sole remaining survivors of an underground nuclear fallout shelter. John was born just as the nuclear bombs were landing, his mother giving birth during the catastrophic event.Right at the start of the game, his now elderly mother succumbs to an unknown ailment, leaving John completely alone and isolated. The only thing that he has left to keep him going are his daily tasks, which include maintaining the bunker and checking the radio for any possible signs of life outside of his only-known home. Events soon take a turn for the worst when the systems begin to fail, and John must venture into the deeper and long forgotten levels of the shelter, revealing the deep, dark secrets as to how he ended up by himself.It should first be said that if you're looking for anything more than a semi-interactive movie, then you're better off looking elsewhere. As most FMV games have heavy puzzle elements to them, The Bunker does not. The gameplay sometimes tasks you with finding objects to proceed, but they're always close by, and the rest is mostly made up of button-mashing QTEs. Indeed, it is not a title that you play for any notion of gameplay, but rather for the story and atmosphere. This is the primary reason why many people have been disappointed when purchasing this game, so just keep this in mind. It should also be said that if you fail one of these QTEs, you will be forced to restart from the beginning of the cutscene, which could equal several minutes of lost time.The entirety of the interactive movie was filmed in an actual decommissioned government nuclear bunker, and the creators make this very well known. The concrete walls, titanium steel doors, industrial machines, and overall metallic coldness could not be so easily recreated if it were any other location. This fact alone makes The Bunker deeply interesting, but add in the plot that was written by some fantastic team members from The Witcher and SOMA and you've got yourself one heck of an intriguing post-apocalyptic psychological horror game. In terms of gaming, the cast is pretty all-star as well, consisting of actors and actresses who played parts in Dark Souls III, Pirates of the Caribbean, Penny Dreadful, Assassin's Creed III, and The Hobbit.To put it in a simple and underwhelming term, the acting is fantastic. John's struggles are deeply felt, from the time that his mother dies all the way up until his end choice. There are two endings, neither of them superb, but the events leading up to the two choices have an entirely unexpected plot twist. There are also some semi-unique camera shots that add to the eerie, psychological nature of the title, and contributing to the cold, dark, and truly isolated atmosphere, the neo-retro soundtrack is an outstanding feature. It gives subtle hints of sci-fi, while overall encompassing droning, dreadful, and foreboding horror tracks.The bottom line is that if you're looking for a good movie with very minimal interactive features, then The Bunker won't disappoint you. If you're looking for an FMV game that has more puzzle elements, you will definitely want to look elsewhere. The game lasts just a bit over two hours if you take your time and grab all of the collectible toys and documents, as well as listen to all of the cassette recordings and visit each of the computer terminals. The pricetag of $21.99 CAD is understandable, given the excellent cast and genuine filming location, but most people will probably feel that the short lifespan of the game, coupled with little to no replayability, will cause them to hold out on purchasing it until a sale.Rating:4.0/5.0- Excellent, highly worth playing.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
,Recommended,481110,33293076,Posted: 5 July,all,Shakhar,"Wow. Got this on sale. Didn't expect much. But I have to say, this is the first FMV game I enjoyed. And I'll play it again, to get the rest of achievements. Recommended. Wait for sale, but get this."
76561198103424278,Recommended,481110,28923154,Posted: 1 January,all,VonStreff,"A very powerful and masterfully told story, with little to no control or choice. I still enjoyed it very much, and highly recommend it solely for the stellar performances by the cast, the strong story-telling, and the brilliant music. 8/10."
,Recommended,481110,29418765,Posted: 22 January,all,Hoik,"I went intoThe Bunkerwith a open mind - I knew it would be short and more like a interactive movie, I knew that the interactions would be limited - my expectations were in check. But by the end I still felt... underwhelmed... I had expected more, and I'm sitting here trying to figure out where it went wrong.So, was it the gameplay? It started out well with a balance of simple choices and interactions which settled me nicely into the world ofJohnthe protagonist. I think up until the sixth or seventh chapter I was still on board, but it was beginning to be clear that my perception of simple gameplay was quite different than the reality. Ok, so this was a bit of a letdown, I was expecting a little more depth.So, what about the story? The story and the acting seems to have been the main focus of the designers - and it wasn't bad, especially from what I've gleamed of other FMV games! The production value was high and the acting was good. Everything was shot with cinematic flare so I never doubted the authenticity of the location and It was well shot. So I think they nailed the production side of things.The story was cohesive and unfolded neatly into what I'd consider a interesting short film.So, what was it? For me this was neither a game or a movie, but something else that sat a little uncomfortably in-between. I found the gamey elements would more often disrupt your immersion than add to it and the limitations of using live action footage to convey interaction combined to make a slightly stilted and unsatisfying experience.It was flawed, but I would still recommend a play through. And if your even slightly interested in this genre of game to buy and support it. The next one might be great!"
,Recommended,481110,31765249,Posted: 15 May,all,Silent Otto,"Well, FMV games - like buses, you wait for ages and then a load arrive.  The Bunker is an interesting story, but selling it as a game is a bit of a stretch - its about 2 hours long and the 'puzzles' and QTEs are not going to stretch you unless you're really new to games. Basically this is a 2 hour interactive film and its more a psychological thriller than a horror title - and it pretty much telegraphs where it's going from the first act.  Again, I'm no Poirot but I'd figured out what was happening/happened pretty quickly.But it does do something new - FMV is no longer grainy clips in a small box, its full screen HD in your face and I'm sure with a bigger budget and more time this team can develop someting good.  A few pedant points though - who cuts the protagonists hair in the bunker and an S10 respirator needs a filter to work!!  I'd give this a solid 7/10 and you should probably play it through once and then maybe go back and get all the achievements (if you have OCD)."
,Recommended,481110,35170367,Posted: 23 September,all,mithrandir138,"Was this entertaining? Yes. Was this a game? Barely. Is the story predictable? A little, towards the end. This is more of an interactive short film. There are some failure conditions, but the only punishment is going through the failed action again. I don't think there are any ""choices matter"" elements, either. It's a novel idea, the production value seems good for what it is. I recommend getting it at a deep discount, and ""playing"" it when you are in the mood for a storytelling experience. I like that things like this exist, and I would like to see more of them, just with some more ""game"" and a ""branching"" story, where my choices actually impact what's going on. (If this element existed at all in the game, I completely missed it, and I don't think I would replay it to find out for sure.)"
,Recommended,481110,34426190,Posted: 22 August,all,Astore,"Short but intense.You don't have to solve any puzzles, do not have to make any choices. This game is pretty straight forward.The atomsphere is key here. The bunker feels claustrophobic and overall really scary, which is portrait by the main protagonist. You have a feeling that around every corner you will get attacked by someone or something.Finished it in 1 hour while having played just one of the optional endings."
,Recommended,481110,30828294,Posted: 30 March,all,Cindows XP,"I just have to applaud the work on everyones part in this game / short film. It was very well written and directed. The gameplay is gripping enough to keep you interested until the end. The story is bold enough to give you chills. The cheap gimmicks used by other films is left out, leaving a raw feeling of emotion with the character and scenario. Well worth the money if you are interested in a good few hours of fun. I have yet to replay the game, but I am sure I will to attempt to change some things.6/10 Would recommend at it's current price. (Bought at $10 WELL WORTH IT, $20 is too much)10/10 Enjoyment of the game.8.5/10 For the movie quality.8/10 For the audio.10/10 Will want a xanax if high on pot while playing the game.I tend to only write a review if I find the game fantastic or terrible. I say give it a try! You won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,481110,25624593,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Rattface,"So, as you can see I'm leaving a positive review for this game...however if you've ever listened to my podcast I'm going to pull one of my patented ""*"" out of the bag.I recommend this game *IF you know what you're getting into AND you're okay with that.  So with that being said, what is this game?Well it is basically not a game at all and more of an interactive movie.  You watch scenes, you click on icons to advance the story, you occassionally participate in bare bones QTEs, and once...yes only once...solve a pretty simple puzzle.  Oh and it's over in about 2 hours...Reading that, you might think I'm sounding negative about the game...so why am I recommending it?Well that's where that * comes in.  I knew what this was before I hit purchase, so when it turned out to be exactly what I thought it was, I was fine with it.  After watching the Giantbomb quicklook the story had me hooked, and in the end I wasn't disappointed.  By the end I was intrigued by the direction the story had taken and I didn't see the final reveals coming.  Of course I will preface that by saying that stories that involve alternate history, and what mankind does when everything falls apart tickle the happy parts of my brain so I was definitely the target audience for this story and that factors into my enjoyment of the game.So if the story interests you, and you're okay with bare minimum gameplay elements I recommend you pick it up.  If not, then give it a pass.  And if you're on the fence, watch the GB quicklook and maybe wait for a sale..."
,Recommended,481110,33689293,Posted: 20 July,all,MW2K,"Harks back to the golden age of FMV of the 90s (7th Guestet al) but leaves all of them for dead in terms of gameplay and production design. This game is film quality.The goodExcellent use of FMVSuperb production valuesAdam Brown is expressive and emotive as JohnGood and judicious use of flashbackSound and effects are awesome through headphonesThe badStoryline has been done to death, nothing new hereVery linear game, on rails mostlyShort, three hours max if you replay it to get all achievementsAnd once you've got all the achievements, you have no reason to play it againA few annoying QTEs but nothing show-stopping (IMHO)"
76561198209844908,Not Recommended,481110,32870657,Posted: 27 June,all,風林火山,"it's a bit scary, no control, almost 0 choice for you to make, simple predictable plot, some people might find those hidden documents are fun to explore, and they might have good casts, but you will get bored soon, it's just a short movie, i wouldn't call this a game, it's a trap guys, don't buy it."
,Recommended,481110,25716721,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Emily Lavrenuk,"THAT WAS FANTASIC!The beggining might seem a little bit Meeehhhh....BUT after 10 minutes the atmosphere and story just SUCKS u in so so deeply!The story keeps shoking you a lot and the story twists are fenominal!I didn't have that feeling when you are playing or watchin something, that you want really badly to know what will happen next. And you have it in here. That means that this project is more than success. You can play this non stop. It is very VERY good story, with memorable characters and deep atmosphere. Really good thing to replace Saturday evening film.9.2\10"
76561198274703382,Recommended,481110,26728708,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,winchesterpizza,"I must say this game did not dissapoint. It's an interesting concept coupled with great acting, amazing special effects, fantastic directing, and brilliant set design. The story isn't a new concept but they managed transform the basic concept into a truely amazing story. They even managed to pull off a good twist ending which is hard to do. This game manages to couple the great qualities in a movie with the great qualities in a video game. I would definitely reccomend this to everyone."
76561198000710280,Recommended,481110,25716860,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,MonkeyHarris,Surprisingly effective FMV game with strong writing and for the most part great acting (particularly the leads).  If anything The Bunker suffers from a lack of content given its focus on collectibles and exploration.  It may lack the emotional punch of Dear Esther or dramatic depth of Everybody's Gone To The Rapture but still succeeds to thrill and chill during the short time it takes to play.
,Recommended,481110,28416161,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,omgawsh,"Loved it! First time trying a live action game and I'm so glad I did. Acting was great, story was great. Kept my attention from beginning to end."
,Recommended,481110,33015491,Posted: 29 June,all,¥.J.MäLm§†££ñ ®,Definitely excellent example of interactive movie experience.
,Recommended,481110,25730971,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,◄ Geoff Dabs ►,"Was it entertaining for 2 1/2 hours? Yes. Does it have any replayabilty? No. Is it worth $20? No. Should I buy it? No. I recomend you watch a walkthrough of this on youtube since you'll practically get the same experience. I am recomending this game solely because it was fun to play and if you can get it for cheaper for sure go and get it, but as of now, not so much."
76561198024371844,Recommended,481110,25609565,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,JeFi2,"It may be only 2 hours long and there isn't much gameplay in it at all, but it's so incredibly well made, it glued me to the screen from the first minute to the very end. The acting is stellar, the soundtrack is perfectly eerie and the environment deserves an award. FMV games apparently aren't dead, and this one is just game enough to create a much thicker athmosphere than a movie would be able to.I'd highly recommend it for a comfy evening, just wait for a discount if you want more ""bang for the buck""."
,Recommended,481110,25608537,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Rood Boi,"I'm a good bit into the game so far, and have to say I am pretty impressed. One of the first games I ever played was Byzantine, a game where you also control real people (like living actors,) so nostalgia definitely has to do a lot with me enjoying the game. The acting in this story is fantstic, and you quickly become immersed in the game. If you want to see what the game is like, feel free to watch my playthrough of it!https://youtu.be/kaANiWorFTAThat being said, the game also ends up building enormous amounts of tension through music and atmoshpere without a climax. Which is normally fine, but this game seems to be doing that excessively. If the game is really only 2 hours, as other reviews suggest, then 20 bucks is a bit steep. Overall, the game is definitely worth playing, but you may want to wait until it's on sale for cheaper!"
,Recommended,481110,25821063,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Shane-O,"has a slow start but overall i enjoyed this game, glad to see a FMV gaming that is made rather well. also the acting in the game was fine"
,Recommended,481110,32838821,Posted: 26 June,all,LiquidTension,"Not a bad ""game"" if you can get it on a discount of about $5, i wouldn't pay more than that for this.  This is basically an interactive movie that has fairly okay acting for the most part (it's not going to win any awards, but the Mom is a great actress and the main character plays his role pretty well too).You can see things coming from a mile away but it's still not bad to still play through and watch it unfold.Overall, if you can get this on a steep discount and want to kill a couple hours - go for it.  Otherwise, I'd pass."
76561198034935991,Recommended,481110,29577074,Posted: 29 January,all,Tsunnen,"I was very interested in a game made all in FMV but the experience is a bit too short, both in lenght and gamewise. The story is very interesting (but don't expect too much for the plot twist) and the film directing is as good as you'd expect watching a movie. The setting is great as well, very convincing and the cameras contributes greatly to the experience and immersion. The sound, well... the game would be more thrilling if the soundtrack were more tense. The actors and acting are great too, specially the protagonist. For my personal tastes, the game wasn't scary at all, I wish it were.The game falls short about how much you can interact with such a interesting place such as an abandoned bunker. It feels more like a interactive short movie than a game. Also, it could be longer. It took me less than two hours to complete and the replay value is none.I can't deny I was expecting more from The Bunker. Get it on a sale or something, it deserves to be played because it's a very different experience to ""play"" a movie. But don't get your hopes too high."
,Recommended,481110,29566998,Posted: 29 January,all,AwfulWaffle,"I liked it. I've always been skeptical of FMV because they are nortious of bad acting.  I can't say this for this game.  The characters and story were all believable and really the story was engaging.  I really enjoyed the subject matter and the 'surving in a bunker' sceniro fascinates me and this was a good example of it.Gameplay: it was a point and click, QT event.  It felt like a movie which I liked because I knew what I was getting into by looking at the screenshots and trailers.My only complaint were the auto save points.  I didn't fail any of the QT events up until the end and the last save point was a drag to get through.at the end when you're going up the stairs and you have to to QT events to overcome your nerves, if you fail the 2nd one you have to repeat the whole sequence again instead of just returning to the QT events.  I shut off the game a few times because it was frustrating.The price is the one thing.  I know it's expensive to hire actors, find locations and have to do multiple takes for each action in the game but $20 is kinda on the high end. I got it during the steam sale so I felt the time I played versus how much I spent was perfect."
76561197969888119,Recommended,481110,33876415,Posted: 29 July,all,killer_onion,"Adventure/interactive movie which should keep you hooked for a 2-3 hour experience.The live acting is good, without any usual game hammines.There are a few quick time events which are really annoying, but that would be all as negatives go."
76561197995120752,Recommended,481110,33151978,Posted: 2 July,all,Azahiel,"Poor game, great and atmospheric thriller movie.Personally I enjoyed it very much for the story, twist and atmosphere. Don't expect an adventure game though. It is more of an interavtive movie than a game."
,Recommended,481110,33255680,Posted: 4 July,all,01110111 01100001 01110010,"Very simplistic, but at the same time the story itself along with the horror aspect were fantastic. Only takes about an hour to get through, but it is definitely worth it. I have to give this an honest 10/10. I can easily see why it was given so many awards."
,Recommended,481110,35252129,Posted: 27 September,all,LIKEUCARE,"More of an Interactive movie than a game, The Bunker brings a return to those FMV video games.Story is good so is the acting. The music ambiance sets the mood properly for this dark underground tale.Game is about 2 hours long for a single run. You can replay for the missing achievements and also to see the other chosen ending.Overall, not a bad game but not groundbreaking either. I do hope we'll get to see more FMV based video games in the future.Conclusion: Get on a sale!"
76561198011810582,Recommended,481110,34149494,Posted: 10 August,all,Buffy,"I bought this, because Sarah Greene is in it, loved her in Penny Dreadful! The story is absolutely crazy and well-written, the actors are absolutely believable and Adam Brown does a wonderful job conveying the main character. The game had me from the first to last second. More please!"
,Recommended,481110,28523892,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Rubin110,"This game is great. If point and click is your thing you'll enjoy this. I want to see more games like this in the future, please don't stop making them."
76561198108324118,Recommended,481110,30197598,Posted: 26 February,all,Sis...,"I don´t really play FMV games that much, but after this I thought ""maybe I should?"". Game starts kind of slowly, but the tempo rises with time. I was half expecting different action: I mean more jump-scare-like, but I think this was better. Althoug, I assume, mainly the older players know how to appreciate it more.I read a comment giving critic about main character, but I think he was different and felt real (and not just because he wasn´t a product of computer desining). Just a wimpy momma´s boy with understantable coping mecanisms against his environment and past. (what do I know, I´m not a doctor, but that´s what it seemed to me.) ;) Perfect character for this kind of story anyway.The story was captivating (actually from time to time so much that I wasn´t always ready when it was time to do something as a player). But even if there were many things I liked about it, I don´t see myself playing this another time. After you know what is coming, these kind of games don´t really motivate you to play it multiple times.Also a good game for those who want to have a softer landing on the horror-genre."
76561197999822690,Recommended,481110,25916507,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,despiseusername,"If you remember the glory days of FMV games, then this game is a walk down memory lane of that time.Mind you you have to consider paying 7.50 for each hour of this game so if that bothers then you wait for a sale. Otherwise pick this game up. Its worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,481110,28576991,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Zed Clampet,"Enjoyable story, although you figure it out pretty quickly. It's still fun to watch it play out.There isn't much gameplay here, so the story is basically it. There is sort of some puzzling, I guess, but really you are just clicking where it tells you to click. I didn't try to go out of sequence, so I don't know if there's the potential to fail on these or not.One major flaw is that there is a sequence at the end which requires you to click your mouse extraordinarily rapidly or you fail and have to go back and watch cut scenes again. I finally made it through, but then I went to the forums and saw that a lot of people are having to resort to downloading an auto-click program in order to get past that scene. Just keep that in mind. No one finds it easy, and a lot of people find it impossible, so you may experience a bit of frustration."
,Not Recommended,481110,25859640,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Furlop,"I don't want to give this a thumbs down because I approve of the risks the creators are taking with making a different style of game. I loved the idea, the story, and the work that was put into this. I got super excited when I saw the first few minutes of gameplay and rushed out to buy it.That said, I don't think I could honestly recommend to any of my friends paying $20 for it.It quickly devolves from a mystery-style game where you're looking through old logs and exploring this bunker into scenes where there's only one, maybe two, things to click on. At that moment, it stops becoming a game and is just a movie where I need to click my mouse on the dot that appears on the screen every so often to advance the plot."
76561198018523920,Not Recommended,481110,27815003,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jambo,"No actual gameplay, just clicking on buttons to advance to the next screen.  This would be better as a short film rather than being sold as a video game.I enjoyed the story even though the plot is quite obvious about halfway through the game."
76561198263033151,Not Recommended,481110,32300430,Posted: 9 June,all,dimnarwengreenleaf,"This is not a real click and play game, this is an interactive movie. Good short story, like the characters, but 20 euros for this is too much. I would have pay no more than 5 euros.I was expecting something else. In short, this is too linear, nothing challenging and this actually takes you 1 hour to finish. I do not recommend this game."
76561198332118941,Not Recommended,481110,28769181,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,LostSaltSpiral,"Really glad I only paid the discounted December price for this game. While the atmosphere is superb and the story line, is in fact, a genuinely shocking discovery.. I think the ""game"" mechanics are lacking. Button mashing is sporadically thrown in, much more common near the end of The Bunker's story. It doesn't play in a way that makes me think it's meant to be challenging. It's discovery / horror-ish, bit of a clip show, so the ending stairwell leg grab button mash was really frustrating to do. I live with nerve damage and slow reaction time so.. I can't physically get past that scene. I'm literally stuck unless I download some sort of automatic button mashing program. Disappointing.I'd recommend people playing it or watching it be played to experience the way the storyline is layed out but... I don't think I would recommend this game at the full $20.00 price. It isn't worth your money to drop on this for maybe two hours worth of game play. It sort of feels more like an interactive theatrical trailer than the entire game content itself. Yet I also don't think I can say I want the story to be longer because the story they /are/ telling here is suspenseful and surprising, would probably be tarnished if it were wrung out to be longer with unnecessary exposition.The TL;DR would be: Not written in a way I've ever seen before, love the story! Very short game without much replay value in it. Consider recommending beefing up how much is in this but also not sure if doing so would ruin the story telling that they do have.. Not sure what to advise, honestly. Just don't get stuck paying $20.00 for it."
,Recommended,481110,25605860,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Xmoono,"These games are rare these days. It's like an interactive movie.But! Its not for everyone.However, it is well made. I wont go into detail, cuz there is not much to talk about. It is a point and click game, with an ok story. Nothing more really. All in all it is worth a try.If you're curious, I recommend you to try it out. There is a refund button there for a reason."
,Not Recommended,481110,29215471,Posted: 12 January,all,Capnjeego,"Game is 2 short for this price tbh,"
76561198031255031,Not Recommended,481110,25713206,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,listellor,"I am always on the look out for indi games since they seem to be the only ones that bring different ways to the table . This brings FMV that has died out and also the acting is extremly good  , storyline is very strong ( No spoilers sry) .Why negative ?Controls control controls . Button mashing is as very poor game mechanic to the etent that this uses it , i compare it to the track and feild on the C64 inb the 80s where you have to flick the joystick as fast as you could leading to many broken joystics . needless to say i am not killing one of my controllers for this gameIt is a pity since like i said in the first paragraph it did have some stregths in it , off to play the ps4 viersion to see wether they have changed the settings"
,Not Recommended,481110,29353642,Posted: 19 January,all,Ducky the Bee,"I love the idea of this game, but it is way too short. I realised after about 1,5 hr play that I allready finished most of the achievements....and seeing the speed in which you get those achievements (crap achievements btw), it is for me not worth the money to finish it. Refund requested and hoping they will come up with a true Netflix replacement. Mind you, that for the full price , you can watch 2 months of Netflix:D. Even discounted , and thinking positive that i will finish it in 3 hours, it is 3.33~ eur per hour. Undiscounted double that So not worth it!Also gameplay is lacking. It is more an interactive story then a game.  Still the acting , atmosphere and story are pretty cool, but that alone just does not justify the high price. I do give a heads up to the developper. I can see a full 20+ hour adventure emerge from this.  With more gameplay of course. But i loved the movie feeling.  Honestly, i think for that price you can expect to have at least 20+  hours of gameplay!  So when it comes in a bundle or on sale for < 5 eur, then I might rebuy it."
,Recommended,481110,33588539,Posted: 16 July,all,MrRegis,"Short but fun, interesting story."
,Not Recommended,481110,33014286,Posted: 29 June,all,S3bizarre,"to me this was not really a game , it is not very intersting the the story unfold."
,Recommended,481110,25683597,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Sheep,"Yeah, it's not really a game, but it is a great piece of storytelling. Why this is a game and not a motion picture is beyond me; it's an entirely entertaining concept, but the gaming elements lend absolutely nothing to the story. Still an enjoyable experience nonetheless."
76561198224917820,Recommended,481110,28327945,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,CN ZhangG,just like fire watcher............more like a movie than a game ...........click here.......click here...........honestly speaking.......a ♥♥♥♥ing nice move. worth that price and thanks to the actors performence(Adam Brown )...
76561198014464865,Recommended,481110,25618890,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Eggster Lad,Great game and awesome use of FMV . I must admit I really enjoyed this game. Apart from Her Story these kind of games dont interest me but it was handled really well. Just keep in mind its only about 2 hours long. Full review on Youtubehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4i2pRyVbjFw
76561198057304825,Recommended,481110,25664813,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Zoot Alors,Thoroughly enjoyable after playing 2 levels. Unlike many previous FMV's the production values are high.
76561198057076232,Recommended,481110,25637441,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,necromaster,"everything was enjoyable untill the final scene where you must button mash your mouse twice, and if you dont do the first one quick enough then you must repeat the whole 3 minute scene again, seroisly the end button mash thing is stupid. so my recomendation is to play the game up untill that point (where you have to select the keys to get to the exit) stop playing and watch the ending on youtube instead.i am only saying buy the game because it was a decent game up untill then."
76561198280290594,Recommended,481110,25698516,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Magster,Loved it. Its basically a movie in which you have to click a few times. But I liked it.
,Recommended,481110,33022796,Posted: 29 June,all,Elizabeth Mills,"You'll never hear me say this, ever, but boy could this game use more quick-time events. It's ambitious as a low-budget thriller, but as a game it's a little lacking in any sort of puzzle-solving or even gameplay of any kind, really. Get it on sale for $5 and enjoy it in an evening. God help you if you pay more than that."
76561197993630261,Recommended,481110,33727907,Posted: 22 July,all,Josh,Nice revival of the 90s 'Full Motion Video' genre! You play an only survivor in a secret bunker. You can interact with the environment via point & click. There's an intense oppressive bunker atmosphere. During the game progress you have horrible flashbacks and discover this way what happend in the past. The game is relative short so i got through it in one session.  I can recommend it but only when it's on sale and not for the full price!
76561198035575026,Recommended,481110,25809825,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,H.Sass,This is one interesting game. You should really play it!I loved every part of the game.
,Not Recommended,481110,25665617,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,RpTheHotrod,"I'm a big fan of FMV games, but this was pretty much 100% linear where you just click the screen from time to time (along with pretty much no risk involved). Hardly any interaction at all or real choices. I pretty much just sat back and leaned forward to press a button every few minutes. Perhaps I'm spoiled, but I'm used to stuff like Fox Hunt or Silent Steel, or better, Phantasmagoria or The Beast Within in terms of FMV interaction video games (or heck, even Bladerunner could have been made an FMV).In general, you're watching a movie and clicking the screen from time to time. No real choices, mind you, it's literally just a movie where you click on move spots...though the game is so linear that there's no real point. Every so often, you'll get a big circle that shows up and you click that too. That's literally the entirety of the gameplay outside of one puzzle (yes...one puzzle to solve in the entire game).There's also no player freedom. There's a single linear path in the game. If you try to go off of that path, such as going through an unlocked door that the game deems as not the ""proper"" path, the guy just says something like, ""I don't think I should go that way.""I recommend to NOT buy this. Just watch it on youtube.  It's practically the same as playing the game."
,Not Recommended,481110,26534440,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,DarkBeing,"I couldn't find anything to like about The Bunker.It's more an interactive movie than a game, which is fine if that's what you're lookin for (which I didn't). There are no puzzles to solve, no challenges to overcome, and barely a story worth discovering. I'm not sure if it supposed to a horror game or not, but it's not scary either.I've played my fair share of ""interactive stories"", but The Bunker is way too light on the interactive part. The only choices you make if whether to read and listen to all the documents you find along the way, and most of them aren't all that interesting.It also doesn't work as a movie, or a least not a s a good movie. The whole thing feels like a student project and not a serious production. The protagonist isn't relatible, since he has zero personality (by no fault of the actor, who tries his best with this bareboned character). I never felt anything for him during the 2 hours we spend together.So no, I don't recommned this one to anyone..."
76561198024574729,Not Recommended,481110,29352752,Posted: 19 January,all,Tarithel,"Calling it a game is a bit of a stretch. Movie and production quality are high, but the interactivity is little more than a 'continue to next scene'."
76561197999610933,Recommended,481110,25666285,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Moose,an incredible experience
,Recommended,481110,25611210,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,nassifeh,"It's a film that uses gameplay elements to keep you engaged for all of the hardest moments, and it hits like an atom bomb."
76561198040275876,Not Recommended,481110,25608529,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Judge Daring,"It is a 2 hour game with a predictable story and simplistic gameplay.The acting and sound are fine.I still can not recommend it.It is no horror game, it is not even a horror movie."
76561198016810612,Not Recommended,481110,25644784,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,The entire population of China,"PROs:(1) Great actor with his amazing performance;(2) BGM is really good that brings players into the story;and that's it.........................that's all it has..........................CONs:(1) Instructions totally not clear. It does not tell players when to single click or keep tapping or drag.....just a white circle on the screan. This sometimes could be displeasing with QTE parts, coz you don't know what to do. And to find the interaction spots, you'll have to sweep the mouse all over the screan, I mean WTF.....(2) No surprises, just a plain story telling game. Some bits could be horrifying, but mostly boring. NO PUZZLES, NO THINKING, infact you don't have think AT ALL, just play as instructed.(3) It takes forever to play the cut scenes, and you CAN'T press anykey to stop it. WALKIN DOWN THE hallway--cut scene, Going back upstairs--cut scene......................i mean hey, i've been to this place of the game 1 min ago, can i just stop the cut scene and keep playing ?Points:  4/10This is not even as good as another game called 'Her story'.IF i ever wanna watch a straight line  movie with boring story, i would just go watch Twilight on Netflix, I mean seriously developers, you can do better."
,Not Recommended,481110,25659377,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Xzenor,"As a gamer I do not recommend this game... because it's not much more than a video where you constantly have to click 'next' all the time. There aren't any puzzles or anything. You have to click somewhere to get the next clip and that's mostly it. There are some quicktime-events where you have to click in a spot within a certain time (just one click, that's all) but those are only challenging if you've dozed off..It's just not really a game. Is the story any good? Well, it's not bad..I enjoyed it enough to want to see the end, which isn't hard because it's friggin' short.Overall, I finished it.. did I enjoy it? A bit but not as a game.. I prefer to have watched this as a normal video instead of one where I have to click to make it go further.I sure as hell would not have payed this much for it if I knew this. I should have read the other reviews first."
76561197967558786,Not Recommended,481110,25652945,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Sc4rfy,It's a 2 hour cutscene. Yes of course it is an interactive movie and that is what i bought it for. But they really tried to keep that pesky interactivity down to a minimum. Whatch some movie and then click here please or klick over there many times in a row.. tada gameplay.And because it is a straight movie you can not even keep him from doing stupid things he just has to do it anyway.And then they always have a huge long intro moment before you can finally do something. Why the makers thought it would be fun for a player to watch a minute long a guy screaming in pain and only can do something to help after you have waited your mandatory suffer period is beyond me. Not enjoyable at all and not interactive enough to pull you in. which this whole thing really seems to want for it to work. But in the end you really don't care about anything. It's not a good movie and not a good game.
,Not Recommended,481110,25717585,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Gamingt3ch,"This game looked very interesting and appealing at first. i decided to play it and it was not what i exspected. dont get me wrong, the story line was great and i enjoyed it but it was not worth $20. it would have been alot better if the story was longer and it was more than just a point and spam your mouse. in conclusion this game is better than FNAF.If you really want to play the game go watch a youtube video of someone else playing it in fullscreen. pretty much the same thing as playing it."
76561198302566335,Recommended,481110,25875046,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,hotbunn,cool
76561198045004709,Not Recommended,481110,29065230,Posted: 6 January,all,edwin951031,There is no ghost :'(
,Not Recommended,481110,25605413,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,YouTube/MonzyGames,"They wait for YouTubers to finish uploading the videos, then copyright them... Well done!https://youtu.be/aLOylAio3gk"
,Recommended,481110,25638417,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Jon Gaming,Very Awesome game so far!  If you want to check out the gameplay I'll leave a link below :)!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nRPyqy-MWUM
76561198112625248,Not Recommended,481110,29554693,Posted: 28 January,all,daniel_j_fraser,"Whole thing was less then two hours. Calling this a ""game"" is generous, it was more like a movie, and not a very good movie. Not worth the 20 bucks at all, don't buy."
,Not Recommended,481110,25935075,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Schinkdiesel,"Short, not scary, terrible ending, not worth 20 bucks at all"
76561198077134316,Not Recommended,481110,25726145,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Mr Snow,Imagine pushing the pause button repeatedly during a movie.  That's what you have here.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1zQc7L05g4&feature=youtu.be
,Not Recommended,481110,25719774,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,ForsakenZombi,Beat live on twitch in less than 2 hours. Not much of a story other than a decent twist at the end. Not worth $20 what so ever. $4.99 at best. Most of the game play was boring. No challenge at all. Stream hated it. I do not recommend this game. Way over priced.
76561197970609058,Not Recommended,481110,25613774,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Flamthrower,"Weird game, kind of broken. On PC every video takes forever to load (I have an i7, GeForce 980Ti and SSD so it's not hardware). I keep getting an audio-doubling bug that requires me to quit and restart the game and it has bad checkpointing. And very early in the game I got stuck in an endless loop of playing with the dolls at the top of the stairs. How can a choose-your-own-adventure book have bugs? Hopefully they can work these out soon, but I can't recommend it in the state it's in.EDIT: I ended up returning it. The only 'gameplay' I experienced were obnoxious 'achievements' popping up every few seconds and when the main actor fell off a perfectly stable ladder just to pad the runtime. The audio bug kept happening every five minutes so most of my playtime was restarting and getting back to where I was from the most recent checkpoint; with the unclear inventory system you don't know if you checkpointed with or without key items. Most of the 'game' is just panning the cursor around the screen looking for the 'play next clip' button.Even if the game had run perfectly I would be questioning if it was worth the money, but with the bugs it's definitely not worth the price."
,Not Recommended,481110,31327850,Posted: 23 April,all,Mark,"Wasn't too thrilled with this FMV game. It sure is good at setting the atmosphere and it feels realistic, but there aren't many choices to make, making the replay value about zero. For a 20 euro game my expectations were higher."
,Not Recommended,481110,28266754,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Bernie,"Bought the game, played for an hour and then came back to it a month or so later.Started the game and got a black screen.Waited for a patch (6 months or so) thinking it would be fixed and tried again last night.Same thing black screen. Asked for a refund and was refused.Don't buy this game it appears to have no active updates or support."
,Not Recommended,481110,26019379,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,@CandiceLikesYou,"No.You hear me? NO.This game was crafted by someone who couldn't make a movie so he made a game. Choices meant nothing. Game was figured out by the second floor. Lead character is one of the most unlikeable protagonists I've ever had the unfortunate experience to encounter. Don't buy this game for $20. Buy this for $10 or less.I streamed this for what was meant to be a minimum 3 hour stream and the game lasted 2 and a half hours with minimal checkpoints to return to if we wanted to find another ending. This game doesn't want you to play it. It wants you to shut up and listen to the nonsensical short-film it has created.If you want to cram your creativity down my throat, at least be a dear and release a 20 minute long YouTube video instead of charge people $20 to get dragged through your weeping exposition and flat out dreadful sound design."
,Recommended,481110,25625393,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Jamey R.,"The Bunker is a Full Motion Video-Game that does everything right.Yes of course, Interactive-Movies are a special thing for themselves, but that´s a question of taste.As for ""The Bunker"", the Actors do a great Job, wich enhances the feeling of this FMV-Game.The Production is top-class BBC-Style...  The writing is great, the story gripping.Perfect for ""Fallout"" and ""Dr. Who"" fans when it comes to the story.You definately pay more for a night at the Cinema... and ""The Bunker"" has a more compelling story than most of Hollywoods Blockbusters nowadays.""The Bunker"" is sad, disturbing, thrilling and full of suspense.Great stuff with a Old-school feel for it...   Dont expect a ""Game""...  it´s an Interactive-Movie. One of the best."
,Recommended,481110,25655397,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,DogmA,"OK...this game is not that long, as other reviewers have mentioned, but it has a bit of replayability...there are many opportunities to change the course of the storyline reveal...think of this like Firewatch (if you've played it), you're there for the story and the acting...and the acting is quite good...I felt like I got my money's worth out of it, and am curious to do the replay...very good job to the developers, I've been longing for a good FMV game for too many years to mention and this fills that little gap..."
76561197972445885,Recommended,481110,25746242,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Father Time,"It wasn't a bad game, could've had more things to do and a lot longer of a game than what it was.  Acting was either too cheesy or terribly overwhelming.  Sarah Greene, however, was a pretty good actress in the game (except **Spoiler** when playing the dying mother).Story: 3 out of 5 (too short)Gameplay: 2 out of 5 (not enough things to interact with)Art: 5 out of 5 (FMV is awesome)Overall: 3 out of 5Recommended to buy this if it goes on sale for more than 65% off.  Definitely not worth $20 ($10/hour)."
76561197971390104,Recommended,481110,25710188,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Pyad,"Took me about 2 hours to complete. I don't play these sort of games often, but picked this one up based on the setting.Acting is decent, story is ok. Overall a little short.I would recommend itif you are intested in this type of game, but you may want to pick it up on sale due to short lengh and lack of replayability."
,Recommended,481110,25712305,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Duke of Straylight,"Confession: I didn't actually play this game, I just started it and let it run a bit until Steam let me write a review. I did, however, watch someone else play it yesterday, and I had a lot of fun. It's got some really great tense atmosphere, it's got a character who's believably broken by the life he's experienced, it's got acting that sells the tension really well, it's got a few places where you'll be frantically guessing where things will go next, so forth. Altogether just a very nice movie, if maybe rather simple.I'm not sure I would have paid 18 euros for it if I wasn't feeling bad about essentially getting the entire experience for free earlier. Probably not. I also don't really think there should be many more games like this. But for what it's worth, I did enjoy this one."
76561198064361914,Recommended,481110,25823873,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,jamestomhayward,"A few things you should know going in:1. This game takes 2-3 hours to complete and there's no real incentive to replay.2. There's no real puzzle solving or standard adventure game item inventory mechanics going on.3. This might be one of the best-produced FMV games ever and the story is genuinely engaging.In short, this is an enjoyable, interesting, and very brief FMV short film/game. It is probably worth picking up at reduced price in a sale. As it stands, I am only marginally recommending this game. The price feels high for what it is."
76561198189315235,Recommended,481110,26540264,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Daglitchwizzard,"If you are looking for a game with a relatable main character, a story that transforms as you play, and stunning graphics then this game is for you.while this game may be short and has very simple gameplay, it more than makes up for this with its story.Emotional, incaptivating, and studded with moments of pure terror."
,Recommended,481110,26639413,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,George Washington,A little late to say this but a well made game!I'm sure there are better reviews out there to tell you more about it.hope you enjoy
76561197987064249,Recommended,481110,29233573,Posted: 13 January,all,[RNG]Shadow,"Great game with innovative concept based on film sequences, a superb sound track, very good actors (especially the main character), and a fascninating story."
,Recommended,481110,28772630,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,birdy,"i really liked this game, its not really a point and click adventure but its not just a sit back and watch the sotry unfold game either, there are genuine benefits for taking the time to look around your enviroment in the form of world building, and the story was actually really good with a twist that i really didn't see coming, the only bad things i will say are a lot of the tension the game creates comes from the main character making stupid errors that you can see coming a mile off and that makes it very hard to actually care about him and the mouse clicking sequences at the end made me feel like i had severe arthritis in my finger and they have a nasty habit of happening in quick succession so you don't have time to rest between them resulting in me failing the last one 3 times and having to watch an entire minute and a half of unskippable cutscene over and over again.that said though the positives of this game outweigh the negative and its very worth playing especially if you value story in your games"
,Recommended,481110,29069278,Posted: 6 January,all,Ayresome,"I haven't seen a full motion video game for ages. I enjoyed this one and it makes a refreshing change.The atmosphere that the game creates is top-notch. The real star of this is Kelvedon Hatch, where it was filmed.The acting is generally good and the storyline decent. Good production values.The downside is that it might have been better as a film, there's a limited amount of interactivity - particularly in the later stages. The game's going to drag you along the plotline whether you like it or not. No real replay value - once you've seen it, you've seen it.Worth playing for the novelty and for the atmosphere."
,Recommended,481110,28839723,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ultrasox,"It's a film, with some interactivity, great production, good story and very professional acting. It's about one man trying to survive on his own in his bunker after a nuclear war in the 80s. It has lots of UK specific touches like Amstrads, Commodores ( I know Commodore is American but it was popular here) and other brands that have some nostalgia for someone like me, and I thoroughly enjoyed it."
76561198002703828,Recommended,481110,29395947,Posted: 21 January,all,featherstoneiffy230@hotmail.com,"i think this game has really good acting the controls are a bit off but the atmosphere is really good if they speeded some parts of the game up it would be better, A big problem is that it is unbelievably short i think for games like this there has to be more freedom and  variety, People will moan about this game but this really is a game going in the right direction i just hope they make games say 10-15 times bigger even charge a bit more money for it, for years i have said make more fmv games,"
,Recommended,481110,27042138,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Judas_Beats,"John lost his mum, and I was sad. I made john eat peas and carrots, and he was sad. please dont let John be sad, buy this game.10/10"
,Recommended,481110,32381667,Posted: 12 June,all,Jirarf,"Pretty short, but a good story and interesting throughout. Worth trying if you think you might enjoy this genre. 7.5/10."
76561197990897264,Recommended,481110,32702034,Posted: 23 June,all,EyeTry,I wish they would make more games like this..nice story nice game !
76561198088883418,Recommended,481110,32888104,Posted: 27 June,all,BUGMAN,good game
,Recommended,481110,33021292,Posted: 29 June,all,Demon Toaster,"Up front: this is more of an interactive movie than game. There is some exploration, mostly in the form of items within the rooms, and on-screen prompts, but that's about it. Don't let that discourage you from checking out this game. The story line is fantastic, the main character is interesting, and if you can get through to the end everything is explained. Being a movie, one would ask how the acting is. Personally, I don't get that critical of such things. The story pulled me in, none of the actors did anything that forced me back into reality, that's all I ask for.The length of the game is a couple hours, not long, but I am definately not regretting this purchase at all. In fact, I will probably go through it again just to get the remaining achievements - which I don't often do."
,Recommended,481110,32989641,Posted: 29 June,all,Hoppipolla,"I TOTALLY LOVE THIS GAME!! 9/10 would recommend thisAs much as I love all kinds of psychological horror games, this one game is the first most realistic psychological horror game I had played. Actually I'd wanted to see the longer version, but maybe I can wait for more development on it for that one.This game's not so hard, great for enjoying the tense and horror, and the story of course; but might gonna make you bored if you played this over and over since the plot's quite predictable.The story's bit touching, even though some are not really make sense on my logic for some reasons (I'm not using my feeling too much on making decision, so yeah). What do I meant no make sense is that some choices on the story,was pretty dumb enough for civilizations. And sweet, sweet John still looked like a child for me even though he's a grown up man already. This one touched my heart, a lot. Bravo for the artists!!Oh, and, there's not much choices available for you to choose, you just get along with the storyline time over time. Besides, for those who chasing the achievements, this game is one of good challenge for ya.On the other side, I love the soundtrack. For me it's quite calming but, on some scenes would take up the heat and situation lol.I'm satisfied with the graphic and soundtrack overall; would give 7 outta 10 for the story, and might could be developed for the longer version and more logical or more touching (depends on which way it would be developed)."
,Recommended,481110,33182769,Posted: 3 July,all,Dandavuk,"Great tense interactive movie, but not much gameplay"
,Recommended,481110,34678277,Posted: 2 September,all,DeadnCryin,"nice story, nice acting, nice game. max 2 hours. get on sale"
,Not Recommended,481110,35215585,Posted: 25 September,all,DeadlyDoRight,I would like to strongly recommend this game but I gave up finsihing it. Why is that? because of the button mashing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that they inflict on those who play the game. I got  really tired of this annoying laborious crap that I had to deal with. It's not fun and not even challenging. For this reason alone I give the game a thumbs down.
,Recommended,481110,34562151,Posted: 28 August,all,Lawie,"Finished my game through within 2 hours. It's a solid FMV game. Interesting concept, but it feels like a drag to go through. Even though they are unknown actors, it's pretty good solid acting. Although I don't really feel with the main character. The ending makes the story clear, it just doesn't live up with the long drag of the story.I wouldn't recommend it, unless you really love some FMV gaming (which is in my opinion exist too few of them.) I guess, because its one of the few kind of games of it's genre, its pretty decent, but I wouldn't replay it again for the story.I'll rate this game a 6.5/10 - Acting & sound/music are great. The story is a bit lacking/uninspirational."
76561198086153825,Recommended,481110,35400146,Posted: 1 October,all,mdruszkowski,"A modern take on old school FMV point and click adventure games. It's not really scary but very atmospheric. If you're a fan of story driven games, definitely check this one out."
