user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,481510,32247816,Posted: 7 June,all,Pixelated Breadstick,"This isn't a game,It's an experience.What a game! I can't believe it ended just like that. It was really devistating when the game just ended right on the spot. This had like 4 chapters and an epilogue: it wasn't enough for me! I loved the heartwarming, the bizzare, and the lesson-learning adventures. I KNOW for a fact that there are multiple endings! And, on the side note I must say, worth the 20 bucks.The art style is simple, nice, generously colorful, and popped out~""Look at this! Look at that!""""Woah, animals making hypotheticals...""Amazing.The story is very deep and vast - It goes into the very in-depth of the story's backround for Mae, her friends, family, and the town she grows up in, in the past and in the future. Although, change comes too quick for Mae, as the entire town has morphed into... something else. You go on numerous adventures with your friends, and the more you do, the more you learn about them; and the more you learn about the themes/insights of life, as well as the game.What an experience. This game leaves a nice taste in my mouth that makes me hunger for more, and there's always plenty more where that comes from. The story telling is interesting and simple, the art is just beautifully pleasant to look at.This game deserves a well 10/10. I give my warmest applause for this game and the developers. Well done!EDIT 6/29/17: This beautifully written game is the new ""Undertale"" in aspects of story-telling, lush world enviornment, and amazing soundtrack.EDIT 7/4/17: Looots of thumbs up. Not that it matters, of course (maybe for the developers)."
76561198047513629,Recommended,481510,30217461,Posted: 27 February,all,Jejjo,"It's a game about Characters.Well written characters.Well written characters you'll actually care about.It's a goodun.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=885022155Absolutely gonna be the next ""Fandom Trash™"" like FNAF and Undertale. So play it now before everyone hates it.EDIT: I was wrong about it being the next Undertale but people hate it anyway so whatever."
76561198073393602,Recommended,481510,31902459,Posted: 22 May,all,dancingburrito,"This is a thank you letter to the developers.My cat died two days ago. I had to make the decision of having him put down. It was one of the hardest things I've ever had to but it was the right thing to do. He didn't suffer, he died in his sleep.He was 18 years old and he lived a good life. We all loved him and although he didn't like to show it I'm sure he loved me back as much as I did.You see, I've never really had anyone to talk to, to share my most hurtful feelings, and although he couldn't talk he was always there. He was there when my parents got divorced, when I was bullied at school, every time I felt alone I know he would be there to keep me company and not judge.It feels like it was just yesterday when my parents brought him home when I was a little kid. This is my first tough loss, and it's hurting like hell. But I won't let his death make me bitter, I want to come out of this becoming a better person. The love I had for this cat, it was immeasurable.And weirdly enough Night in the woods has helped me cope, although I'm not sure how. Maybe it's because I got to play a cool and lovable cat-person, maybe it was the bonds I made with these awesome characters, maybe it was getting to walk around Possum Springs feeling at home, maybe it was the story.It was a bit of everything I guess.So thank you for making this a bit less hard and thank you for this amazing game.G."
,Recommended,481510,32362494,Posted: 12 June,all,Misaka Mikoto,"Sometimes I fall in love with a girl. Sometimes it's an anime girl.Today, it's an alligator girl."
76561198112058009,Recommended,481510,30449586,Posted: 11 March,all,xValkyx,"I bought this game originally because I liked the art style and thought it looked endearing.This game is that and so much more.The characters are relatable and well written, the story itself is pretty great (though it felt a little too fast paced near the end) and it's got a strong sense of depth to it that you probably wouldn't have expected from the game at first glance.I don't really want to give anything away about the game but if you are someone who has passed the teenage years of your life (or at least to the point where you are no longer in school), this game may hit home for you.I think my favourite aspect of the game is it's balance between humor and it's emotional moments. Nothing ever feels out of place or like it's trying to shove messages down your throat. It's very quirky and funny but not afraid to sit down and have it's philosophical and melancholic moments. I really admire a game that can find that balance.Seriously, just get the game.I would like to add though, that the game itself took me about 9/10 hours to complete so that may seem rather short to some people. Personally, I was okay with it since it ended on a satisfying note and the complaint of it being short is really just down to the fact that you just want to spend more time hanging out with the characters.10/10"
,Recommended,481510,32403618,Posted: 13 June,all,Hingle McCringleberry,"Now that it's over, all I want is for the story to continue, and that's just about the highest praise you can give to a story focused game. Pick it up. It's good."
,Recommended,481510,30389237,Posted: 8 March,all,PeaseMaker,"Bought for the story, stayed for the feels.10/10"
,Recommended,481510,30153992,Posted: 24 February,all,Cirrus,"I honestly love this game. Short and sweet. To get to the point:+Characters have depth+Art is amazing+Replayability+Gregg rules, ok?-Kinda short-Needs more Gregg and Angus.I really identify with Mae in the beginning, I'm about that age, about to start a class in college, nowhere to go in a small town. The plot gets thick quick and I'm not going to spoil anything, but this game goes from 0 to 100 REALLY FAST. If you like adorable animal-people, live in a small town, or feel like your life isn't going anywhere, this game is for you; at least if you don't mind angry neighbors, weird bird kids, and crimes. :) 9.5/10"
,Recommended,481510,30105325,Posted: 22 February,all,[CALC] LittleBigGayMan,"I needed this, i have been depressed for a long time and i have lately gone through a period of my life where my creativity ran out and i didnt know what to do, i couldnt daydream much because i just didnt know what it should be about but this game has made me feel so happy again it is so atmospheric and makes you feel like you actually matter to it, the characters have personalities that they stick with, that dont just change or are really loose. This game is honestly really great and if you are considering whether to buy it ot not: DO IT. Thank you."
,Recommended,481510,32650816,Posted: 22 June,all,DeweyDecibel,"Night in the Woods is an honest, maturely written story. The less said, the better. This is a very special game to me, and although I can't promise that you'll feel the same way about it as I do, I'm sure you'll find some things you weren't expecting in this very unique game."
,Recommended,481510,30440989,Posted: 10 March,all,[YOU HAVE BEEN PENALIZED],Play this game before tumblr ruins it.
,Recommended,481510,30271055,Posted: 1 March,all,☆RoachBB☆,"This was the best purchase I've ever made onSteam...ever??It had everything I could have ever wanted from a cute indie game like this... twin peaks esque mystery and horror... gay furries... college dropout existential crises... a great soundtrack... and tons and tons of details that keep you very captivated with the environment and the characters!! Everyone can take something from this game, as there's a lot of relatability within the cast. I cried more than a few times, and I smiled lots. <3 i'm so glad this game exists. It needs to."
76561197993762425,Recommended,481510,30185544,Posted: 25 February,all,KitsuneStudios,"THis game is 90% platform exploration and dialog, so if that dosen't appeal stear clear.Othewise if you want a chill interactive story with great writing, you're in for a treat. Fantastic visuals, a stellar soundtrack and great sound design. Lots of hidden treats and surprises, and plenty to do on a second playthrough.Backtracking and long runs through the levels might become monotonous to some players, although to me, it helped capture the feel of the daily routine in a run-down town."
,Recommended,481510,30386608,Posted: 7 March,all,✩BONGO✩,"Instantly relatable. One of the most human experiences I've ever had in any artistic medium.The characters feel like you've known them your entire life, each of them could easily be someone you know in real life.I've felt warmth, nostalgia, sadness and pure happiness and I've only played the first 3 hours.Every inch of Night in the Woods is lovingly crafted. The atmosphere perfectly sets the tone of a cozy autmn in your hometown.It feels like the whistfullness of Scott Pilgrim and the atmosphere of Over The Garden Wall but also beautifully, entirely its own.Truly envelopes you in the world. I honestly don't want to stop playing. I am enthralled."
,Recommended,481510,31306878,Posted: 22 April,all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Night in the Woodsexceeded all my expectations.I'm not into story-driven games, and this looked too hipster/pretentious to me - and while parts of itare, the story and art still managed to sweep me off my feet. I found it quite engaging the whole way through. There is a good bit of replayability, and it took me about 8 hours for my first playthrough. I'd like to do another if I can find the time. I'd also like to check out the twoNITWmini-games on Itch. That's how good I think this is.Essentially, this is a visual novel with absolutely outstanding dialogue and minor platforming elements.Do choices matter? Oh, I don't know... Sometimes? Irrelevant, really. Everything feels natural and you feelattachedto the characters and setting. Just hanging out is really fun. The humor is spot-on. The mini-games are fun. The ending is 'meh' in my humble opinion, but I can look past that.This is the kind of game that you curl up with a blanket, cup of coffee, and a controller on the couch and play the afternoon away.Really enjoyable stuff.Pros:+Fantastic story with some of the best dialogue I've witnessed in a game.+Music and artwork are near perfect.+You get your money's worth; there is plenty of content and replayability.+It's a fairly 'zen-like' game. I never felt frustrated and it almost always made me smile (or laugh). The humor is great.Cons:-The ending wasn't the high point, in my opinion.-The story is about that awkard transition into adulthood. Yeah, as someone who has fully entered adulthood, it's not my favorite topic either - but oddly I still found it well done and enjoyable.If you are even remotely into story-driven games, ya gotta play this."
,Recommended,481510,31712343,Posted: 12 May,all,Mallowmari,"This game hit me in places I've never been hit by a game.Let me start off by saying this:, I am a gay teenager living in a small town with no clue what they're doing with their life. So, obviously, a game about people like me intrigued me. I finally saved the money and I played it. I played through, and while the controls on some of the sections are not great for me (the rockband-esqu sections are bad because of my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hand muscles lol) that's not the point of it. That's not the point of this game at all.The point ofNight in the Woodsis simply to tell a story of change through the eyes of sameness. The story of the game completely blew my mind, not only in its similarites to my life (more on that in a moment) but in its sheer accuracy of how it feels to be older than most of the people around you, yet younger as well. It gives off this vibe that lets you feel what it's like to be lost in the ocean, or simply just lost in life. We've all dealt with it, but this game does a better job with interpreting it than much other media (not since Bryan Lee O'Malley'sLost at Seahave I seen such a good interpretation of that feeling)I won't go into spoilers (mainly because I myself am still only 2/3rds through the game, I just REALLY wanted to say this now and get it out there), but this sense of dread, this horror-movie buildup, this worldbuilding leading to something dreary and dusty is so haunting and so expertly done, you cannot ignore it. The game makes you feel good, sad, angry, and frustrated. I love it. 10/10the following has nothing to do with the review and is just me pointing out the stunning similarities of my life and the lives in the game!I, like Gregg, am hyperactive, have awful moodswings, make weird noises and motions at random, and have crippling self doubt.I, ALSO like Gregg, have a taller, quieter, more down-to-earth boyfriend (who also has abusive parents, much like Angus)I, like Mae, have very high expectations and a very low chance of actually obtaining said expectationsI, also like Mae, have a friend who went missing and constantly read their last message to meonly to learn they had, like Casey Hartley, died.lastly, like Many in the game, I have always been plagued with dread, emotionlessness, and thoughts of suicide.Hope you guys liked my review. Sorry if it sucks or it's too long or whatever. But hey, this is my first one, thought I'd try it out!"
76561198088622197,Recommended,481510,32801528,Posted: 25 June,all,Wiz,I wish this game never ended.
76561198047994977,Recommended,481510,30155714,Posted: 24 February,all,Alphasquid,GREGG RULZ OK
76561198064340496,Recommended,481510,31530792,Posted: 3 May,all,nerfblaster1209,"""Play this game before Tumblr ruins it""-Some dude"
,Recommended,481510,30506559,Posted: 14 March,all,Dan,"Night in the woods is a character driven game that places emphasis on it's authentic small-town-in-decline setting (in addition to its unfortunate inhabitants) to craft a resonant and enchanting experience. NITW's gameplay centers around interacting with friends and the townsfolk.The quality of writing in the game is nothing short of excellent; especially considering that there is no voice acting. Characters are brought to life through exchanges that perfectly encaptulates how young people really talk. To my surprise, NITW is also peppered with genuinely funny dialogue, which is aided by the excellent comedic timing of the on-screen text.As referenced in the steam tags - the music is fantastic ('Longest Night' is my favourite track from the game!)Needless to say, the visual presentation/design is outstanding. Particular moments such as the dream sequences, and looking at the constellations stand out in my mind, in addition to some of the more 'spoilery' moments.During my playtime, I encountered no issues running the game in terms of bugs, lag or anything.It has been an absolute pleasure playing this game. I hope you decide to indulge in this pleasure too, reader."
,Recommended,481510,31853040,Posted: 19 May,all,Jamjam,"Perfect game if you're in your 20's and don't really know what's going on anymore. Art and music are great, characters are extremley relatable. Genuinely enjoyed my time playing it."
,Recommended,481510,30086458,Posted: 21 February,all,MUSCLEBOY,"It's ShenmewNight in the Woods is a platformer adventure game with a heavy focus on character, setting, tone and narrative.Running and jumping feel great and work well to carry Mae around Possum Springs.The writing is great though perhaps won't suit everyone's tastes, the developers have released two side projects on the indie site Itch.io that you can give a bit of a primer on how you'll feel about it.The art is amazing and incredibly detailed for it's simple style.If you enjoy slower experiences and great storytelling this game should be a definite pickup.(Best played with a controller)"
,Recommended,481510,34538297,Posted: 27 August,all,AKatarzynaK,"Night in the Woods is a mystery adventure game with some platformer elements in which you play as Mae, a recent college dropout who has returned to her hometown only to find that things are not as she had left them. Most of the gameplay involves exploring the town, jumping around on buildings, completing various minigames, and interacting with other characters. But nothing is quite as it seems, and you will find yourself doubting who and what can be trusted.The art style is simple but beautiful, with all the characters being made up of anthropomorphic animals. But don't let the cute animals fool you, this game cuts extremely deep. There is a philosophical tone to the game, with characters outright questioning the very world around them and sometimes leaving you doing the same.  If you are a fan of the Netflix series ""Bojack Horseman"", this is pretty much the best comparison I draw as to what the overall feel of this game is like. Although these characters are not human in appearance, they are surprisingly human in every other way, with flaws and struggles that are extremely relatable. You will connect with them and feel a wide range of emotions as you journey throughout the game. Simply put: if you're a fan of sad nihilistic animals facing existential crises then this is a game for you.This game is an intensely personal experience as it doesn't simply tell a story but rather connects to you on a more emotional level. For this reason my review for Night in the Woods is one of my shorter ones, not because there isn't much I can say about it, but rather because it's such a beautiful and personal experience that no words can do it justice. It must be played to be understood. I can honestly say that this is one of the best and most unexpected gaming experiences I have had all year, and that this game now ranks as one of my most favorite games ever."
76561198139696078,Recommended,481510,32166888,Posted: 3 June,all,teel,"Game Summary:Night in the Woods is about a college dropout named Mae returning to her home town to get away from something that was been tormenting her. However, she soon realises that her home town may not be as safe as she onced believed it to be.Review:10/10Night is the woods sets the bar for storyrich indie games. It's so beautifully well done in all aspects;- Characters are unique and relatable. I related so hard to Mae it hurt. She's funny, silly, sarcastic and most importantly (my favorite) she makes a lot of mistakes.Mae also suffers from her past experiences even though shes so young which hits home for me. She's broken, afriad and feels alone but powers through everything with her awesome personality. Its scary how someone so bubbly and carry so much dark♥♥♥♥♥♥but its also beautiful.. I see myself in Mae so much it freaky.- The character relationship with one another is so real. Youre introduced to all types of people in this game.However, my favorite is between Mae and her mom. This game really makes you appreciate your parents and the♥♥♥♥♥♥they put up with. idk it was an eye opener for me and really warmed up my heartIts a realy cute depiction of the world itself.- The history of the characters and the town they live in is so breathtaking. The creators really did a good job of creating a world all by itself with so much detail put into it.- The story is paced so well. There are a lot of thing that the player will not know right off the bat but will learn while playing it. With NITW the player will build a kind of routine of visiting certain places and talking to people in the town. You will actually know this little town inside out by the time youre done. And even though its the same thing each chapter the game does a good job of keeping the story interesting. Some story-rich games lack the aspect of getting its players to come back for more while NITW seems to be doing this effortlessly.- The ending was just mind blowing. You wont see it coming. Trust me, you wont.- The loor of this game runs deep. You can pretty much theorize about a bunch of things that happened and go unexplained. Any game (in my opinion) that gets you thinking after the game is done, is a game worth playing."
,Recommended,481510,30736188,Posted: 25 March,all,Nyarosh,"Pro:•Easiest story to consume, yet still thrilling.•Catchy OST.•A lot of characters I can relate to.•Gets real ♥♥♥♥ing Lovecraftian at some points.•Shoegaze.•Fake astronomy.Contra:-Trash fandom incoming."
76561198042151691,Recommended,481510,30320132,Posted: 4 March,all,Atobe333,"It's a long game, it's a short game.It's about everything, or nothing.It's about scary things that are real and unreal.It's about you and me.I relate to this game in a weird way, my head feels like it's floating in space from thinking too hard.It was a good game."
,Recommended,481510,30616240,Posted: 19 March,all,NBlast,"Night in the Woods isn't exactly what I expected, yet fights it's way back with unique style, shockingly relatable writing and good execution.You might stumble upon the title name Aquaria when searching about NiTW or one of the creators: Alec Holowka. His previous work, released nearly ten years ago is a precious favorite of mine, which I hold dearly near my gaming heart. This alone made my initial Kickstarter impressions gone skyrocket, but fortunately I managed to go into the game with the open mind, toning my expectations down a bit before release.Game suprised me that it ultimately ended up as 3/4th a friend-hanging-out simulator and only 1/4th atmospheric, paranormal story. Emphasis of the game is mostly centered on the main character, her small circle of friends and the forgotten by the world town they live in. Game is separated into acts and those are further divided in game ""days"" where you explore the neighborhood, talk to townsfolk and finally decide on the main activity for the day. Parties, preparing dinner, petty crimes or garage band training sessions... those are mostly used to drive various characters with their own story arcs. Interactions between protagonist and her friends are varied, interesting and often times touching difficult subjects what young people may face. While this focus comes with the sacrifice that will be mentioned later, I was really impressed with the work done here to flesh out characters and their interactions in the surprisingly realistic way. While I couldn't relate to all of the story presented, at several points in the game dialogue went so deep in the ""so true"" territory that it felt uncanny. This is undoubtedly a one of the game's strongest points, even if I didn't expect game to be as much pushed in the this, seemingly ""mundane"" direction.Unfortunately, as I said before, game suffers a little bit because of this aim and makes the paranormal sections feel a bit forgotten or not developed enough for my liking. People tend to criticize the last act of the game because it abruptly switches gears to the spooky mode on the whim. In my opinion, people are barking at the wrong tree, because that last act is incredible with its tense action and atmosphere. I just couldn't move my eyes away from the game until it was done. The problem is that this sudden shift would work better with the bigger build-up and game lacks it in the earlier chapters. While living day-by-day is a unique concept, it would definitely benefit from more frequent breaks for the spooks than it was ultimately delivered. Both aspects of the game would seem as stronger by this.I won't write too much about the gameplay mechanics, because they don't contribute that much and are made at decently enough only to warrant a passing mention. You have a bit of platforming, which is fine, some easy puzzles and nothing much else. It's a bare minimum, but fortunately it isn't that much noticeable when dialogue takes the main role. More mechanics would be nice, but they are not necessary.While I praised the writing, I need to point out that there are points, where it becomes too ""hip"" for its own good and ends out as condescending or pretentious instead of clever and touching. Game art, backgrounds, characters and places are also generally amazing, but there are some noticeable blind spots that look not as great as the rest of the game. As for music, I can say that I would struggle to find a fault in it, even if somebody would hold me on the gunpoint. Soundtrack is the place where you can hear most of the Aquaria's influences and I thank greatly for that. I won't however forget about the load times that are atrocious for the reasonably simple game. They were really close to break the immersion of the game.While ultimately NiTW isn't as wallbreakingingly great as Aquaria was, it's still an excellent title for those interested in narrative games with surprisingly human stories that ring familliar tune to young adults looking for their place in the world. I can recommend it on the uniqueness lone, since I would struggle to find the game with similar artstyle, story and gameplay structure. While I wouldn't scream10/10at top of my lungs, I still consider Night in the Woods as enjoyable time spent worth the money and multiple playthoughs, which are pretty much required to see it all.CRIMES"
,Recommended,481510,30314418,Posted: 4 March,all,essfah,"Existential Crisis: The GameI didn't want to relive the year I dropped out of University, but this game did it in such a beautiful way.Visually stunning, the music and sound design is incredible, characters have well defined personalities, everything is just charming.But it's the story that really makes this game. The writing is just so authentic, it's like you are inside the world of a really good book. You make a lot of choices too regarding dialogue as well as relationships you have.I've never related to a video game on such a personal level as I did with this one. The universe doesn't care about you, but that doesn't mean you stop caring about things that matter to you. I just wish I'd played this years ago so it could have helped me learn that sooner."
,Recommended,481510,30111844,Posted: 22 February,all,I stroked myself into a stroke,This game is so effing good.░▓▓▓░░░░░░░░▓▓▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▓▓▓▓░░░░▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▒▒▒░░░▓▓▓▓░░░░▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▒░░░▓▓▓▓▓░░░░▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░▒░▒░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░░░░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓░░      Gregg rulz░░░░░▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓░░░░░░░░░░░░         ok
,Recommended,481510,30531098,Posted: 15 March,all,Boston Glitch Cart,"Probably the most invested I've gotten into characters in a video game. They are so colorful and fun, but so real. I guess that's what you get when you mix fluffy animals with existential depression and a critique on capitalism's negative effect on society."
,Recommended,481510,30835925,Posted: 30 March,all,Nepeta,GREGG RULZ OK
76561198094412980,Recommended,481510,31995897,Posted: 27 May,all,Bertha,"It's a beautiful game, I was heartbroken it ended, and then I realized I needed to play it through again because I'd missed content by making the choices I had made. In general, this was a fun, passionate game and I am definitely playing it through again.You play as Mae, a 20-year-old that's just come back to her small town home after dropping out of college and seems to have no idea what's she wants to do with her life. This is very much a story game, where you click your way through the dialogue of different scenes, separated by running from place to place. There is a dungeon crawl game available in game, and the dream sequences are a sort of linear platformer. The characters are hilarious and wonderful, and all of them relatable. The music is beautifully done, and the animation is brilliant.The game tackles some tough issues. It brings up mental health, the need for getting help when you need it from a qualified professional, which was great. BUT at the same time Mae is kind of a jerk and quite frankly some choices are made by her that left me saying ""wtf"" out loud. It also tackles the topic of the decline of rural America, the effects of big business on small towns and the reactions of the older generations towards the younger.I will say there was a moment where I thought ""If I have to click my way through the dialogue of characters I don't care about one more time I'm going to pull my hair out."" But then Mae said something snarky and I laughed out loud before running off to jump on trash cans and cars on my way to band practice."
76561197993722043,Recommended,481510,32452725,Posted: 15 June,all,Lenin_be_back,"I am plaing videogames most of my life, more than 2 decades, and trough all this time i had only 2 games that was so good writen they made me cry. Now i have 3."
,Recommended,481510,30411744,Posted: 9 March,all,Hamz,Do it for Bea.
76561198009156462,Recommended,481510,30186208,Posted: 25 February,all,Ces,"Another commenter described this game as ""Life is Strange: Actually Good Furry Edition,"" and I'm going to straight up borrow that right here because that is what this game is.This is a game about life, the good, the bad, the big, the small, and it nails it. Characters, situations, setting, everything is just spot on. I've had games play to my emotions before, but I don't think I've ever legitimately felt for characters as deeply as I have for the cast of this game.And best of all, when it does mix in fantastical elements, they're done correctly. Whoever made this game understood what the basis of cosmic horror was and how it should be woven into a story. There's a banality, almost a petty smallness, to even them that makes them fit in the story and the world, that makes them feel like they belong there.TLDR; only game I've played that so efforlessly made the mundane feel magical, and the magical feel suitably mundane. Top marks."
,Recommended,481510,30675886,Posted: 22 March,all,ZedFox,"Just don't read anything. Buy this, play it till the end, don't speak of it. It's an amazing experience."
,Recommended,481510,30087190,Posted: 21 February,all,George Foreman Grill,"you play as a cat in a world of anthropomorphic animals, but there are still four legged pet cats. i dont know if this is some kind of lowkey slavery, but someone needs to send help.10/10"
,Recommended,481510,33872167,Posted: 28 July,all,Dex Dogtective,I think the fact that I felt a hole in my life after I finished the game probably means that its good.
76561198018368121,Recommended,481510,31861469,Posted: 20 May,all,Daspels,"Im not crying, youre crying﻿..."
,Recommended,481510,32360584,Posted: 12 June,all,Trench Knight,"I'm gonna try to keep this pretty short and sweet. Contains NO spoilers. So don't worry.At first I loved the feel of NitW, based on the ""real"" feeling of the character development and random weirdness. But then WOW. So as the game goes on, the different weirdness and story twists are amazing, but they're thrown in in a great way. You learn things, find things, and it's all relevant. But it's also easy to forget, because the character development routes and options keep bringing you back to ""Yes, these are people living their lives, not some 'chosen' hero in a fantasy game.""I've only played through once (bought quite a while back, but ironically (like my favorite character) real life kept me way too busy to get around to finishing it. There's a couple routes you can go with characters, and I love it. I still need to go through for the other things I haven't done or followed. And the replayability is HIGH. I'm excited to go back again and again.I'm not an achievement hunter by any stretch, but this game will be an easy one for me to start up again and again just to see how much I can get done. And mostly, just to enjoy the story again, and explore different options and paths.Anyway, I very, VERY highly suggest this. The gameplay and storytelling are so well done, assuming you enjoy this kind of game mechanics. For anyone who can relate to the things going on in the personal lives of the different characters you get to know, it might be even better because you find you can relate to them. (for me, it's Bea. Not in every aspect, but in a few key ones. I found myself attached and sympathizing the most with her.) Of course they're all amazing.And that's the last thing I want to emphasize. I ADORE the characters for who they are. On all ends of the spectrum, there isn't a character I don't like. Good, neutral, bad, nice, rude, etc... they're all really wonderfully designed and executed.So go! Play it! It's absolutely worth it!Oh. And the music? BEAUTIFULLY fabricated on all levels. <3"
76561198048080861,Recommended,481510,30763841,Posted: 26 March,all,Gilford The Brütal Legend [DFS],"Night in the woods was an amazing and enjoyable experience.  I'm a real fan for story driven games especially when they're made and written so well with a great array of well made characters and a fantastic soundtrack. This game despite the lack of attention it gets is actually well deserving of the fame it's getting as of late, I came into this game not knowing a single thing about it, and it paid off really well!Night in the woods, being the story driven singleplayer platformer adventure it is , is a game very similar in its tasteful story in characters to games like Life is Strange and arguably Undertale. However what I think I love the most about Night in the woods beyond the story is how it manages to capture that feeling of taking a role of a character meeting their old friends from their childhood after dropping out of college. That moment when a character doesn't have to be blank for you to relate with its past and present events in such a powerful manner, unlike most story driven games, Night in the woods's main character is actually full of personality which is a nice change in the right direction. Like said Night in the woods grasps a beautiful concept and experience of meeting your old friends that you haven't seen in years, how their life changed over the course of a few years, living with them and enjoying what remains of your life after all this time. Truly a beautiful thing.Beyond the story and soundtrack, the gameplay itself mostly consists if performing dialogue with NPCs, platforming, choosing what to say, choosing who to hang out with and a multitude of minigames, one of which is quite basically Guitar Hero. A lot of which are really enjoyable.Night in the woods is easily one of the better games on steam store you can get if you're a fan of story driven games and a heart warming experience. I'm very thankful I got recommended to buy this, and for a $20 price tag I'd recommend it as well.Get it as soon as you can."
,Recommended,481510,31861792,Posted: 20 May,all,Rhias,"Heartwarming, genuine, and memorable."
,Recommended,481510,30097106,Posted: 22 February,all,photonicDog,"I've played this game as it released through to completion, no rush, stopping by and talking and exploring, taking small breaks, and I write this as I've just finished. This game might be one of my favourite things ever. Everything was so good, the artstyle and animation is deceptively simple and yet expressive, the dialogue was amazingly well-written and captivating, when I moved it didn't feel like I was getting from point A to point B, it felt like I was experiencing a world. The amount of flavour and immersion added to it is beautiful. Everything has life and it doesn't only make you appreciate that, but it makes you appreciate life itself.This is something I needed for a long time and I didn't realise it. I love this. I want everyone to experience this. Please get this if you can. Thank you to Scott, Alec and Bethany, I think you just changed the way I see life now."
,Recommended,481510,30186293,Posted: 25 February,all,BrupcatBR,gregg rulz ok10/10 -gregg rulz okThe rating is serious though.
,Recommended,481510,31228674,Posted: 18 April,all,Mercy the PeelzGrabber,"Night in the Woods is a beautifully written and made game all around. You play as Mae, a young woman (cat), who has left college to come back home to Possum Springs where she reunites with old friends, her family, and finds while she hasn't change that much, everything else has.Did I say cat? Yes, everyone in this game is an animal, though anthropomorphic in nature.Much can be said about this game, but why should you get it? The game has a beautifully written story with excellent dialogue from everyone. One thing I must praise is the balance between the witty humor and the serious talks that you have. It can be hard to write both, and pull it all off but this game manages to do this incredibly well. There were multiple times where I had ""the feels"", and some things hit right home with me.The gameplay is a 2-D action-platformer style, more or less, and each day you can talk to the townsfolk, do some quests, and hang out with your friends. Now, the game really is good for a 2nd runthrough because you can really only hang out with ONE of your friends per day, although there are 1-2 side characters you can hang out with too, but they don't count towards the ending of the day, in which you go to sleep, navigate through dream sequences and wake up.Also a quick mention of the art design, which is quite beautifully done, with little things put here and there that just add to it, and the overall design of the characters/places.I spent about 8-9 hours and I definitely didn't do everything, plenty of missable achievements and things you just can't do (achievements for hanging out with one friend more than the other, for example) in a single playthrough.This isn't a horror game, though there are some strange goings-on about town, and there's a mystery to solve, but as you meet your old friends again, and family, you'll find out more about them, and yourself.I highly recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of story-based games, and serious/funny dialogue."
,Recommended,481510,30285534,Posted: 2 March,all,Beatfox,"I guarantee this game will be my 2017 game of the year despite it only being February.  Amazingly well written, it manages to be charming, hilarious, sad, and terrifying over the span of the 12 hours it took to beat.-there are a lot of loading screens between maps and they're incredibly too long.  I would be willing to wager than at least 30 minutes of my gameplay time was waiting on the loading screen, and this is on an SSD, 4790K, and 16GB of RAM.-The animation is probably one of the weakest points: commonly characters who are simply standing or sittin in a spot claim to be doing something, like drawing, for example.  The non-anthropomorphic cats that wander around are incredibly poorly animated.  Characters slide around as they move, rather than feeling like they're actually stepping. There is so much that feels missing here, but most of the animations that do exist are fantastic.-It can admittedly be tedious to go to the same areas every day in order to check them for unique events or dialogue, which may or may not exist.  The movement is the reason for this, you can run, you can jump, and you can walk very slowly on things.  Introducing a faster way of travel mid-game would have been nice.  The movement system in particular is the only thing keeping me from wanting to immediately want to play it again to explore as much as I can that was missed the first time.-The day can end by accepting an invite to an event, but it's not clear which events will do so, meaning I turned down many events.-Audible dialogue would have been nice, this is especially important in the song events as I have no idea how they expect you to play the song and read the lyrics at the same time.  I could see an animal-crossing type dialogue which did a great job of creating fake voices, without actually being voice-acted.I will preorder anything these devs do next without hestitation.  If they patch the loading time, add clarity to events that won't end your day, and just fix the cats' walking animation, I would consider this a close as an indie game could reasonably get to perfection."
,Recommended,481510,30086389,Posted: 21 February,all,I'm Me,"This game has a very lush vibe to it, a soothing soundtrack, and a very warm atmosphere. The world is so deep and dynamic, you can really tell a lot of heart went into making it all. Not to mention, there's so much attention to detail! The soundscape of the world is so amazing, there were some noises for things I never thought would have a noise in a video game! And again, I will say that the soundtrack is amazing. I'm still not over how much I love it.A good portion of the game is based on dialog, and I am very thankful for that. There's so much to learn about Mae, her parents, friends, or even just random people in the village. Some of the dialog even reminded me of some of my past, or the lives of some people I met. There are times when it's sad and heavy, and there are times when it's light and happy. They achieved a perfect mix with all that, I'd say.I will say, this game has also sufficiently creeped me out. I don't get creeped out often, but this game did a pretty good job of unnerving me. They really put together a great atmosphere for that sort of thing! It's not too intense, but it certainly is creepy.I only have one complaint, and that is the noise of the cars. I got over it, but the perpetual putter of a car passing by got kind of annoying.All in all, this is truly a gem of a game. You can tell that a lot of love and hard work went into it. I'm very thankful for the developers working so hard on it, and giving us this great game! It's so beautiful and vibrant, I just can't get enough of it. I'm already looking forward to playing it a second time and finding all the stuff I missed!So, if you're looking for an adventure game that has feeling, this is it. I hope you enjoy it!P.S. It took me 12.3 hours to finish this game overall. Definetly put some time aside if you're gonna play it!"
,Recommended,481510,32630013,Posted: 21 June,all,Pynk,I enjoyed every second of this amazing game.  If you are thinking of getting it I highly recommend that you do you won't regret it.
76561198130563615,Recommended,481510,34616620,Posted: 30 August,all,a username,gregg rulz ok
,Recommended,481510,30094639,Posted: 21 February,all,Thought Of Ants And Died,"All my hours in this game are from one sitting.Around the point I was looking at my horrible hatchet-headed robot creation while an anarchist fox laughed at me, I knew this was a good choice."
76561198042026813,Recommended,481510,30093244,Posted: 21 February,all,Archduke Sadguy,"Are you 20 and depressed?If so, this game is pretty much essential."
76561197974092123,Recommended,481510,33756327,Posted: 23 July,all,Jack,"Where to begin, this game is phenomenal. Easily one of my favourite games of all time.This game makes you FEEL things. The characters are incredibly relatable, I fell in love with them. They each have their individual struggles, their stories, you can't help but be drawn in and empathising. I wish I could steal away Mae's mother and hear more stories about eels. I wish I had friends as good as Gregg, Bea and Angus. There were moments in the game I came close to tears, moments I laughed out loud and moments I was on the edge of my seat.The storytelling is wonderful. The way the story seamlessly progresses alongside developing a deeper connection with the characters was brilliant. The art may look simple but you can't help but smile at the squirrels chasing acorns and find yourself running through the autumn leaves and bouncing over phone lines just for the sheer fun of it. The soundtrack is also one of the best I've heard.You get well over 10 hours of gameplay in a single playthrough so it's great value for money. Heck I would pay a decent chunk of cash just for DemonTower, the minigame you get on Mae's laptop. You can tell so much love has been put into Night In The Woods and it really does show.I could write about this game for days, but all I can say is play it. You won't be disappointed. Like another review said, I wish this game never ended. Just please, do yourself a favour and play this game."
76561198304633069,Recommended,481510,33105570,Posted: 1 July,all,turntechCorvid,"Night in the Woods is a downright amazing game that I really, really enjoyed. It has amazing characters that I really connected with, great music, and an art style that's simple but works well for the game. All in all I'd give the game a 9/10.WARNING FOR SPOILERS IN THE PLOT SECTION OF THIS REVIEWCharacters: 10/10The amount of focus on the characters and the detail on each one is what really makes this game shine. Each of the main four characters, Mae, Gregg, Angus, and Bea have a lot of dialogue and backstory and their interactions feel human. You have two characters you can focus on most, Gregg and Bea, and both characters and their stories are appealing and interesting. You can’t hang out with more than one person a day though so it’s impossible to do everything with both characters. This is one of the reasons the game benefits from a second playthrough. Though Angus takes a backseat to Gregg and Bea, he’s a character I liked a lot even without knowing much about him. His character benefits from learning his backstory and I would recommend learning more about him.Aside from the main cast the side characters are good in their own right. You can talk or listen to each one every day and learn a little bit more about them. Some are more fleshed out like Selmers, a poet who has gone through an especially tough time in her life. Others are simpler like the two unnamed characters who stand outside talking about the sports team The Smelters. As the days continue more places open up to explore and by extent, more characters. In other games checking up on side characters may be a bit of a chore but because of the detail on each one I found it enjoyable, even in a game with so many.Then there's the protagonist, Mae Borowski. Mae's personality is at the very core of the game and ultimately how much mileage you'll get out of the game depends on how much you like Mae as a protagonist. For me I relate strongly to Mae. Her awkward moments, dialogue, and the themes of mental illness around her were ones I really appreciated to see in a game. However, for others Mae can be frustrating since she can be impulsive and doesn't always know the right thing to say or do in a situation, leading to arguments and awkward situations. I think you have to know someone like Mae or relate to Mae yourself in order to really enjoy her character. As I said, the mileage of the game depends on how much you like her as a protagonist.Music: 10/10I feel music comes down to personal taste more than anything else for a lot of people but I feel the music in this game was especially good. I found the music fading into the background at times and it never interrupted my concentration when I was reading dialogue but at the same time it helped lend itself to the emotions the game was trying to convey and when I focused on the music I really enjoyed listening. It keeps a good balance between being something you can focus on and something that doesn’t distract you if you have a hard time concentrating. I can't say too much more about the music, since I don't know much about the technicality of music and I don't have as many thoughts on it but at the very least I can say I really enjoyed it.Art: 10/10The art in particular is something I liked, in part due to personal preference. The style is lineless and it often features orange and dark color pallets. Brighter colors are used minimally and when blue shows up in the game it's often a very dark or light blue. It really gives the same soft feeling of autumn and though I'm playing it in the summer I can feel like autumn is around the corner.Plot: 8/10 --WARNING FOR SPOILERS---- SPOILERS WARNING BEGINS--The plot of Night in the Woods is by far the weakest link in the game and though I enjoyed the plot and what it was trying to convey I feel like there were flaws in it. In the game Mae comes home for the first time in years, now a college dropout. She isn't up for discussing what's wrong and she tries her best to reconnect with her friends all while dealing with the changes that have happened in her absence. Eventually she falls headfirst into the supernatural that the town is host to.I think I understand what they were going for by having the supernatural stuff come seemingly out of nowhere. The tone was suddenly shifted from Mae's every day and normal life to one of stress and difficulty. We're supposed to feel how Mae has been blindsided by the supernaturaland the cult around itthat has turned up in her life. The issue though, is that the execution really does make it feel out of left field even though the game drops hints from early on about the supernatural forces in the town.-- SPOILER WARNING ENDS --This is once again a way the game benefits from a second playthrough. In a second playthrough you can pick up on all the hints that have been dropped about what's going on from the beginning of the game. I think a game should give you a full and fun experience no matter if it's the first, second, fifth, or tenth playthrough. For that reason, this is probably my least favorite aspect of the game: that it takes more than one playthrough to really enjoy. This could be chalked up to personal opinion of course, but those are my thoughts.One thing I think the plot did well however, was conveying the ideas of economic issues the town is going through. When you visit the mall it's basically empty because the internet has gotten less people going to it. People are moving away or planning to move away from the town. Old local businesses are closed down and people are having a more difficult time with their jobs. Mae's family has fallen on hard times as well. If you pay attention one side-character loses and gains a couple different jobs throughout the course of the game. In general, the whole town looks like it's having a difficult time economically both on the surface and when you look in more detail.Overall: 9/10Aside from my issues with the plot I think this game is downright amazing. The characters and their dialogue are natural and realistic and even side characters have small plots you can follow. The art and music were both very good and fit the tone of the game well. The themes of mental illness and economy were well conveyed even if the supernatural elements didn't work quite as well. Overall, I really loved this game and connected with it in a lot of ways and I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys detailed character driven games."
,Recommended,481510,33961066,Posted: 1 August,all,BucketMoose,"Very good story game. Not for people who prefer gameplay over story.The story is very deep and relatable, unbiased and real. Other than that, its not that easy to talk about the game without spoiling it, keep in mind that the game doesn't really loose its charm or quality over time however."
,Recommended,481510,30249969,Posted: 28 February,all,Depleted Residual Material,"I must say this indie title is astonishing. It's one of the most mature games I've ever played and definitely the most soulful and empathetic with amazingly written and believable characters (even with their cartoon-animal appearance).Despite its core story is focused on ""semi-paranormal"" events It's a game about friendship, about rebuilding broken bonds with friends, parents and maybe at first glance its not noticable it is saturated with moralistic vibe. It tells you that you are not alone even when you feel cut off from the rest of the world and nobody has the power to help you better other than your close ones. And that's what makes it so great and unique -this game measures our capacity for empathy and teaches us true respect for these who care about us.I'm aware not everyone may like this game because to ""unlock its full potential"" you have to get emotionally affected by its story or/and identify with at least one of its characters.If you won't you will only scratch the surface. Sure you will get a beautiful 2D pseudo-platformer and visual novel/adventure game hybrid with some great mini games (there are even phenomenal yet very difficult to perfect music rhythm sections based on Guitar Hero and a fully-fledged isometric rougelike !). However you probably won't have much fun of this game with this attitude anyway because over 80% of its playtime is based on holding talks and without the emotional allegiance mentioned above you will most likely either mindlessly scroll dialogue lines (sadly there is no voice acting here) or just get bored while reading them. Hovewer hopefully you are not that person.The only thing I really dislike in this nearly perfect game is an illusion of choice. Despite it is so heavy dialogue based the choices NITW offers are mostly residual, meaningless and only a very few have a major impact on the story and protagonist development. But to me it's all negative I can say.TL;DRIt's a very emotional title which can provide you many unforgettable and cathartic moments but only if you feel you are ready for it."
,Recommended,481510,30212637,Posted: 26 February,all,HOBO BOB,A good soundtrack and amazing art to combine with great characters
76561198057976973,Recommended,481510,30129897,Posted: 23 February,all,✿ daisy ✿,"I needed this game, more than I thought I did. I am a dropout and depressed, dealing with similar problems as the game's protagonist and her friends, and in all honesty this game made me feel good for the longest time.The game is very atmospheric and tha art style is pleasant to look at. It's a game where you totally should take your time and explore, talk to everyone you meet! All the characters are their unique personalities and the dialogue, even with few gammar errors, is very interesting to read. The more you talk to people, the more things you get to do.Even though the ending was kind of  anticlimatic, rest of the game honestly made it all worth it and I am planning to play this game again when they patch it so the achievements work correctly."
,Recommended,481510,35192973,Posted: 24 September,all,Silver-Hiss,gregg
,Recommended,481510,30090696,Posted: 21 February,all,Evangelear,"This game has an incredible atmosphere of warmth and at the same time a damn doog mystery vibe to it. The exploration is really well done, the world feels totally alive and it is fun to explore every little corner of it. The story of the game seems intriguing and the dialogue is simply wonderful. I cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,481510,30474963,Posted: 12 March,all,VM8RA,"The Shoplifting simulator I always wanted... now if someone could just make a serial killer/torture dungeon game, my life will be complete.On a serious note, the game is really good. It's basically a visual novel/platformer hybrid, with some good mini games (it even has a kind of zelda mini game you can play.. it reminds me of zelda off the nes at least) Lots of visual charm, gorgeous sound design etc.The narrative will appeal to people born from the 90's onwards mostly I'd imagine, but I'm slightly older than that and still enjoy it a lot, so itls definitely in no way only going to be enjoyed by milenials.If you're looking for a story driven adventure, that doesn't assualt you with an entire dictionary every 5 minutes, look no futher. ""Night In the Woods"" has it all.PS: If you suck at the guitar hero bits, don't worry. I sucked at those too."
,Recommended,481510,30131926,Posted: 23 February,all,Harambe,"I have never written a review for a game before but I think this game deserves it and your time, I played this game for the first time while at the emp in seattle and instantly fell in love, the art style is perfect, the colors are gorgeous, and the game feels almost like a grown up poptropica in a way. Everything about this game is awesome and everyone should try as it is not only an amazing game put also a work of art."
,Recommended,481510,30268920,Posted: 1 March,all,BinarySpark,"This is a game about ascending the Demontower, poking a torn-off arm with a stick, throwing pierogi at Gregg's face, poorly playing a bass guitar, beating a furnace with a baseball bat, having a knife fight with a friend, shooting the forest god with a crossbow, and throwing yarn balls around in a newspaper vending machine.Oh and there's a cat protagonist with some story stuff but nevermind that.Gregg rulz, ok?"
,Recommended,481510,30307489,Posted: 3 March,all,Arekan,"The ending is abrupt, and the story seems to be short, but that could be for better or worse; it could be a bad ending and a good ending depending on how you look at it.Still, I'd pay for more story, whether or not it continues or completely wraps up the current one. I just want more slice-of-life♥♥♥♥♥♥that this game has :D"
,Recommended,481510,34517416,Posted: 26 August,all,Commander Fluffles,"The only word i can describe this game is an 'experience'It starts of as some generic adventure game, chat to NPC's do silly minigames learn about things and get tied up into a story of murder and intrigue.However as the story Progresses and we learn more about our characters night in the woods begins to deal with heavy topics including, drug addiciton, Depression, Bipolar disorder, Alcoholism etc.Night In The Woods is one of the first games in a long time to make me even somewhat emotional or care about the characters, i highly reccomend giving it a go.My one reccomendation is go in blind. The less you know the better."
76561198111912384,Recommended,481510,30087748,Posted: 21 February,all,LexHollow,"Demontower: Part IV - Slaughter of the Blood Thief is a compelling retro-styled hack-and-slash game, sheathed in a rogue-like veneer. Binding Of Isaac players may feel a sense of familiarity playing this game - possibly due to the procedurally generated modular level design, and the linear advancement through differently decorated dungeon floors (each of which climaxing with a boss encounter). However--while the critical comparisons in game reviews to Dark Souls has become cliché (along with reviewers self-awarely calling out the overuse of such comparisons)--the developers have left clear allusions to some of their particular influences, the starkest homage being the ""You Died"" message typifying every death. And there will be a lot of them.The dungeon level design may initially make one suspect this is a typical rogue-like (or rogue-lite), but in all senses, it isn't. Deaths don't result in a hard reset, but rather a level reset. This can feel just as crushing at times though; being stuck at a particularly challenging boss will result in having to complete the preceding dungeon all over again, which involves dealing with mob enemies, retrieving a key from an adjacent room, and then locating the boss room. The developers do show a kindness however, in that-though floors are randomised on death-the key room and the boss door will typically remain in a consistent location. This makes speeding through a dungeon to retry a boss less cumbersome.Mechanically, the immediate contemporary comparison would be Hyper Light Drifter. There are two main abilities your character possesses. For the offensive, there is a melee slash, capable of one-shotting most enemies in the early-game. Spamming this attack will result in the character being unable to attack for a short period, however there doesn't appear to be any kind of visual stamina bar to indicate this, so mastering how aggressive to be with attacks takes some experience. The other core mechanic is a swift dodging ability, useful for escaping enemy attacks, passing through hazards unharmed, and traversing the environment. Unlike attacking, a stamina bar (of sorts) is visible for this ability, and will regenerate relatively quickly after use.Initially, you feline fighter has 9 health blocks. At first glance, this seems rather forgiving, but this links to the progression system. Again, unlike rogue-like games, there isn't an array of randomised abilities to unlock, but instead, a deliberate progression. After defeating a boss and moving on to the next level, a heart-container is permanently destroyed, while an extra bar is added to the dodge meter (allowing for a larger chain of successive dodges). This type of progression seems to fit wonderfully with a player's learning curve. Newer players who are learning the mechanics are likely to take more damage, and therefore, require the extra health; meanwhile, as a player begins to master the dodge mechanic, possessing a higher stock of chained dodges becomes more useful to them.While the title might not be revolutionary, it's clearly a skilfully crafted game which iterates upon some of the best modern games, without failing to weave in some unique touches. While some people may have minor gripes with certain difficult aspects of the game, such as how enemy attacks can cause stunlocking, those looking for a sense of accomplishment through mastery will not feel amiss."
,Recommended,481510,30102061,Posted: 22 February,all,rich homie psalms,i want angus to ravage me
,Recommended,481510,34911298,Posted: 12 September,all,MrBrickfreak,"One of the new age games that is filled up with beautiful art style and classy soundtrack. If you are a fan of twin peaks or just some mysti-psychedelic stuff, it's just for you.To be honest, I'm a bit suprised that game holds some sort of hardshaped sheaf of ideas which can be treated in many different ways. In this game, for example, I saw the depression, through many people can go throug as well as many other things like the speed of changing mood. For someone this game can hold deeper meaning, but for someone this game just will be cool artistic experience to play...Also Gregg rulz ok."
76561198272600618,Recommended,481510,32401826,Posted: 13 June,all,Kuroxius,it's a beautiful game I really liked it a lot and I got attached to the characters especially Mae and GreggGregg rulz ok
76561198128857767,Recommended,481510,31547851,Posted: 4 May,all,[UB]Chompa™,"Absolutely a beautiful game, great characters and story. It felt like I had a strong connection with the main character as well, I just knew how they were feeling.I'm happy that I played this, totally worth it. So much mysteries too. The ending was good, but kinda wished you could play a last song with your friends before cutting to the end credits.Overall the game is very good. Got humor, a heart warming story and characters. I would recommend to all who likes story and adventure games. I'll present this masterpiece for you!"
,Recommended,481510,30302533,Posted: 3 March,all,Werner,THIS GAME. IS SO GOOD.SO ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD.ALSO GREGG IS PRECIOUSIT'S SO SHORT THOUGHI NEED MOREPLEASE
,Recommended,481510,30524623,Posted: 15 March,all,you can eat cactus,"hoooOOOOLY ♥♥♥♥ this game is... aaAAAAAaaAAA it's too goodi am writing this review after 10 hours of non-stop gameplay (i played a lot of demontower ok that's why it took a while longer) and♥♥♥♥♥♥mang. shhheeeeeeeiiiiiiiit. this game is like... it's like a... i dunno how to describe it but it just has these real good characters like all of the characters in the game are really well thought out and the world feels so alive and it's a really easy game to get immersed into, like, woah dude. i can't recommend this game enough right now, it's like, imagine a real good movie right, and now it's a real good game too boom that's this but like it's chill as ♥♥♥♥ while also not being chill as ♥♥♥♥ and i know that doesn't really make much sense but it makes sense to me in this sleep deprived feels trip i am on right now so woooo! but like man wow this is a game i'm gonna have to come back to time and time again, but only after leaving it like a few months in between so it doesn't get stale. not that i think it would, but i ♥♥♥♥ed up undertale for myself that way so y'know but anyway this game right ♥♥♥♥ it's soooooo good and the little supplemental free games that you get off their website??? those are ♥♥♥♥in nice too check them out if you ever wanna play this game, because it's all well worth it for the great characters, awesome story and also a real heckin good colour pallette if i might add. like♥♥♥♥♥♥man this game it's like woo lets play some bass guitar, guitar hero style then lets go smash lightbulbs with a baseball bat then talk loads to the cool people then do some other stuff go home talk to dad watch some garbo and malloy then go to bed then wake up and do more cool♥♥♥♥♥♥but like there's some other cool stuff in there way closer to the end of the game and i can't spoil it for y'all because it;s real good and the game handles  the buildup to it real well so like, there's actual like, tension n♥♥♥♥♥♥because you love all these characters so much and♥♥♥♥♥♥s going downhill but like♥♥♥♥♥♥MANG get this game because it is gooooooooooooooooood♥♥♥♥♥♥i tell you hwhat.tl;dr good ♥♥♥♥in game, get the supplemental games for free if you're interested."
,Recommended,481510,33577096,Posted: 15 July,all,🎃Spoop de Shem🎃,i want to fall in love with a cat and aligatorwhy
,Recommended,481510,34205363,Posted: 12 August,all,Spook-Aids,"This was the best steam game i have ever played.Everything about it was just awesome, the ending was a little confusing, but other then that it was a beautiful game.The soundtrack is very catchy, the ending is pretty sad, the characters are just awesome.And also Gregg rulez, Ok"
,Not Recommended,481510,33724376,Posted: 22 July,all,NiteHood,"I hope this review doesn’t come off as overly negative, but I feel like there are some valid criticisms that should be addressed. This game has gotten a lot of praise, but there are some things you should know before you buy it.This is very much a game about a story, not about gameplay. The truth is that this game is not exactly fun to play. It consists of a lot of wondering around without a real objective, talking to the same people over and over, some pretty restricted and unrewarding exploration, and some rudimentary platforming. The moment to moment gameplay is hardly engaging, but this is more of a storybook than a game. In fact, I’m not exactly surewhythis is a game to be honest. It seems like it might have worked better as a film, or a short book. Most of your choices do not matter in the slightest, and the ones that do only give you slight variations to the story. The writing honestly isn’t that great a lot of the time, but some people really like and relate to these characters. I think that’s why this game has gotten so much praise. Those people aren’t wrong in liking it, I just really don’t think this is a game for everyone, or most people even. I found it to be pretty boring most of the time.The story is pretty far from the best story I’ve experienced in a game, and just wasn’t good enough to weigh out the bad gameplay for me. If you feel like you can get over the boring gameplay and you just really want to meet these characters, then sure, go for it, but to the general population, I’m gonna say you should skip this one."
76561198000103452,Recommended,481510,30113422,Posted: 22 February,all,Luxaster,"A game that is, at its core, an exploration of the aimlessness of youth, especially working class youth from small American towns that are collapsing in the face of late capitalism.The dialogue is well-written and accurate to how young adults speak nowadays, and is peppered with casual nihilistic questions and such. This may seem like a juvenile attempt at being ""deep"" as some have accused it of being, but really, that's actually how most of us make humor nowadays.The story is very good when its focused on the characters and their dramas; Mae has interesting and realistic interactions with various citizens of Possum Springs, and each has its own quirks and ups and downs. The primary emotional stories here are Mae's coming to terms with an existential crisis as she doesn't know what to do with her life, the story of her best friend Gregg and his boyfriend Angus, which is focused on Gregg's growing pains and having to become responsible and give up some of his free-spiritedness, and Bea, Mae's ex-friend who is suffering through working-class drugery and lack of prospects. Intertwined are Mae's relationship with her family and various members of her community.All this above writing has a casual and slow air to it, as a game that's about life would be. The story also has a second thread that moves it forward, that one a cosmic horror story. This one is not as well written, and the climax of the story comes and leaves abruptly. While some may call that fitting with the story's goal in learning that life doesn't follow narrative patterns and has no intrinsic purpose, it ultimately leaves the player a little empty after the game ends, and not in a thoughtful way. This was primarily a problem of payoff and pacing, in that the climax was too small and short to really run through a full catharsis of the built up of angst and tension.Otherwise, however, I would recommend the game. The ending is still functional and it works relatively well, the game is gorgeous, and the dialog and characters are all fairly well-fleshed out. Be aware that it will take time and remembering to talk to everyone to fully explore character's arcs, and note that like real life, you'll mostly be seeing depth in Mae and her close friends. I wish the game had forgone its choice of making you choose between which friend to flesh out and just let you flesh out both Bea and Gregg in one playthrough, but someone would have probably called that padding.The gameplay is primarily platforming and minigames, and very rarely is there a lose condition (although the game does note if you did well or not, and doing well grants acheivements).Ultimately, as a person in my early twenties having difficulty finding myself in a world that's not really good at providing purpose and meaning (if it ever really was), this game and its story resonated with me, and I found myself seeing a lot of myself and others I know in Mae and her friends. It has very human characters in its world, and while its denoument was a bit of a let down, I think its ultimately a good game.Protip: If you are okay with playing it twice, focus on hanging out with ONE of either Gregg and Bea rather than trying to divide your time between them. It would probably work better story-wise and give a more complete portrait of that character."
76561198144021590,Recommended,481510,30103244,Posted: 22 February,all,Kex,"Aight, literally just finished the game and I have a million things on my mind so I'm sorry if I get a little rambly.Firstly, I loved this game to bits. And while I did enjoy it, no game is without fault in my opinion.I want to end this on a positive note, so I'll start off with the negatives that I found.The game is exactly what I expected it to be, however the beginning is really slow. Sure, you could speed through the game but since it is a story-based game, you want to see as much as possible, read all the dialogue, etc. That's why day in, day out, it kind of got a little boring and repetitive running around the entire town, trying to check every little thing that's changed.That being said, I think the game is rather overpriced for what it is. I'd get it on a sale or something because 20$ for this seems a little excessive in my opinion. I finished the game in 9 hours however the mystery plot only started to move around the 7 hour mark so the majority of the game is really just... running around the town over and over, getting to know the characters, learning about their past, etc (which I still enjoyed, don't get me wrong) but from the trailer I expected a bit more spooky action.Also a little thing that kinda tilted me was that no matter what, you're gonna miss out on some parts of the game as on some days you just have to choose between hanging out with Gregg or Bea. I'll be replaying it anyway so it's not a big thing but since I loved both characters, it was kind of hard to choose.ANYWAYS I feel like I've made it sound too bad so now to the positives I go!If you're an artsy person and you think the trailer was neat, you will love the gameplay.The soundtrack is 100% on point, the small details in the game are really charming and the overall art style is what makes this game super enjoyable. It's just a really chill game in general, like... You need to go into it with a fresh mind, ready to forget everything else around you and just immerse yourself into Mae's life. It's a really nice mix of ""teen humour"" but it's also pretty dark and deep at times.I don't mean to sound pretentious when I say this but from reading the few negative reviews, I realize that not everybody might have the ability to really understand this game. It's deep, it makes little sense at times, but you just... I dunno, you either get it or you don't. And you won't get it if you don't try to, so just.. have an open mind.The story leaves some things unanswered but I do feel like it's good as it is. It gets you to think. A lot. As said, I really enjoyed this game. I've been waiting probably around 2 years for it and imo it was worth it.TLDR: Good game. 9/10. Funny and deep. Get it on sale.EDIT: Forgot to mention that I spent an eternity on the title screen trying to figure out what keys to press to advance (C or F, you're welcome)."
,Recommended,481510,30133391,Posted: 23 February,all,greatlakes,"Night in the Woods is more than just an adventure game.It's something magical, something that you feel proud to show your family and friends. It reminds us that we don't have to grow up when we get old and shows us a glimpse at the bright future of indi games.While I'm only 3.5 hours in as I write this review I have played enough to say that this was more than what I was expecting. Normally when I play an adventure game I tend to create my own voices for the characters I play as. Night in the Woods has beautiful narritive and shows just how great the writers did with character developement.$20 doesn't just give you a game... it gives you a true experience."
,Recommended,481510,30502631,Posted: 13 March,all,your actual dad,Have played two hours. No plot to speak of.I have made friends with a goth crocodile. We went to the mall and it was great.I also watched TV with my dad.This game is the best.(it's also a really touching and sincere look at mental illness with a lot of subtext about the death of the middle class but mostly I made friends with a goth crocodile 10/10 GOTY etc)
,Recommended,481510,30782618,Posted: 27 March,all,Hemny,Gregg
,Recommended,481510,30109918,Posted: 22 February,all,RetroGaijin,"It's like Undertale and Daria had a baby.  Smart writing, heartfelt, great characters.Recommend 10/10. Get it."
,Recommended,481510,30353288,Posted: 6 March,all,American Tragedy,"I've got to be honest with you - I was always a big fan of good meditative indie games. You know, this kind of games when you just wanna chill out after a hard stressfull day. And this game is the perfect one if we are talking about ""relaxing mode ON"" now.You simply enjoy every second spent in this game. Every character is amazingly written and you really care about 'em, you can feel every of them. The whole city has soooo warm atmosphere, that I cant help myself. The game itself is really cute and a big pleasure to play.This is what you call quality product. This is the moment when you understand that you don't need a multiple millions budget to make a masterpiece."
76561198020216136,Recommended,481510,30092931,Posted: 21 February,all,Zathandrapus,"This game is absolutely incredible. After 3 years of waiting I've played it, and it was absolutely worth the wait.The story is amazing, with a setting that feels real and warm, it welcomes you and gives you a feeling of home. The characters feel real and relatable, with dialogue that reels you in. Even while the beginning of the game is slow, it's a good type of slow, which just draws you in and immerses you in the gameThe art style is jaw-dropping. Every part of the game looks gorgeous, every character, every setting, every donut looks beautiful.The OST is one of the best that I've ever heard, every song draws you into an area or a situation with either beautiful melodies, or melancholic tunes.The minigames are incredible.The mechanics are incredible.It's simply incredible. Maybe even a completely perfect game.10/10."
76561198387488529,Recommended,481510,33146957,Posted: 2 July,all,tinytigerwolf13,"I absolutely love this game. This game is wonderfully made and very close to real life. Even if this isn't your type of game, I recommend playing it. I'm sure everyone could find someone they relate to or are like in this game. Whether it's a named character or a character that doesn't have a name. I am very close to a combination of Gregg and Mae, I'm hyperactive, close to my friends, protective of them like Gregg. Like Mae, I do have problems I don't like talking about, the few friends I have, I want to keep, and while I can deal with sudden change, it'll shock me severely and I'll have live in my own world until I get used to the change. This game wonderfully shows, things don't stay the same, people grow up and change. But friends can still stick together after some time. It also brings in different mental issues. I loved every second of this game and I will most likely replay it a lot."
76561198169442853,Recommended,481510,33483544,Posted: 12 July,all,That_Guy,better grab this game before tumblr makes it a toxic wasteland of fanfiction and r34
,Recommended,481510,30094569,Posted: 21 February,all,SpookyKloak,"Slice of life, adventure, eldritch horrors from beyond the veil, bits of platforming, and nice music. Writing is a bit eh in some areas, but for the most part is pretty decent. If you like heavily story based games, you'll probably enjoy this; otherwise, may want to give it a miss or just watch a stream/youtube series on it."
,Recommended,481510,32897303,Posted: 27 June,all,Satire is Dead,"Night in the Woods is more of an adventure game but not really. It's a game for people who enjoy stories and enjoy rituals. Every day in the game, you go to sleep to turn the page forward to the next state, get up and poke at the world for something new.The characters are all heightened and strange, but they're interesting and definitely have lives of their own. The message of the game is as magical and imaginative as it is bluntly political. The old ways are spoken through old people, but not all the old people... but only the old people. The youngest characters don't really care about anything but their private lives and bad movies.There are ways where it's supernatural, and ways where it is extremely relatable. While it's a very American story, I think anyone who was poor can relate to it a little.Is it Tumblr the game? I don't know, but I *really* care about my appearance.Hey, this is a story-driven game. You'll either find it charming or you won't. I found it incredibly so, and I cannot wait for any future work out of these authors.Check out Lost Constellation to get a vague idea of what you're in for, and it's cheap as free:https://finji.itch.io/lost-constellation"
,Recommended,481510,30714189,Posted: 24 March,all,「Spooky Pixel Knight」,"This game. Wow, this game. It's hard to describe it in a way that can get a good point across without spoiling anything. So, I guess I can give some pros and cons+ Awesome story. Oh my god is it good+ The music. I honestly have listened to an mp3 of one song from the game, and nothing else. It's so good.+ The characters. They all have their own personalities and stories.+ Did I mention the music?- Your own personal choices. There were many times where I honestly didn't want to do or say what the game wanted me to do or say, and it really bothered me. If there were more choices for what you can say or do, then it would be 10/10.Notice the majority of pros? Yeah, to me it's an amazing game. And like that one con, that is the only reason it's not a full 10, but I'd give it a 9.5. But if you like games that are story-driven and its story is good, the characters are likable, and the music is amazing, then give it a try. $20 for it is a perfect price for a game like this."
,Recommended,481510,30155363,Posted: 24 February,all,Jay,"A game worth playing for the really well written story alone, but the graphics and music are also very charming. Although it's more of a visual novel with some platformer mechanics and a small assortment of minigames thrown in, it's my favorite new game of 2017 so far."
76561198020932815,Recommended,481510,31781057,Posted: 15 May,all,Kitten Snacks,It has social links and dash dancing. What more could you want?
76561198305785203,Recommended,481510,30096378,Posted: 22 February,all,punchesbears,"First game i've ever left a review for. It's a masterpiece. Buy it all day, every day, until the end of days."
,Recommended,481510,30132418,Posted: 23 February,all,Endy,"Love this game, it is one of the realist games you will play. Too bad I feel like it was too short. But overall worth my 20 dollars"
,Recommended,481510,30132769,Posted: 23 February,all,Khârn The Betrayer,"An amazing blend of choose your own adventure and exploration, with an amazing atmosphere and hilarious but relatable characters. one of the most enjoyable videogame stories in ages, with a killer sound track. 10/10 gregg rulz ok?"
,Recommended,481510,30782834,Posted: 27 March,all,Steel,"I have no words... this game blew me away.Night in The Woods is a story focused adventure game where you take place of Mae Borowski, a 20 year old cat who is having a hard time and left collage. She catches up with her friends, Gregg, Angus, and Bea, and everything is normal for like 3-4 days. Then strange things start to happen, and it's Mae's job to figure out what is going on along with her friends.Yeah it sounds quite simple, but the beautiful writing and characters make this one hell'va great time. Hell, the dialog is one of the best I've ever read in quite some time in a game. It even does a good job on balancing the humor and seriousness of the story, which is really nice. The start of the story is a bit slow, but that gives the game more time on character development. They did a good job here.The characters are lovable and strong. Mae: A cat that is having a hard life, and is a collage drop out. Gregg: The homosexual fox that only plays by his own rules and is Mae's best friend. Angus: The homosexual bear that is Gregg's boyfriend that is very smart and tries to be a good guy, but had a tough childhood. Bea: The crocodile (maybe?) that took almost all the responsibility for her family and her family's store when her mom died.There is a lot more to the characters, but that would take way too long.The artwork, while it looks amazing, it's not perfect. The artwork on the characters look really good, but the designs can confuse the gender of the character, and make you wonder what type of animal the character is. The environments look amazing, and it fits the setting perfectly.The soundtrack is one of the best I've heard for an indie-game. The music sounds great and they did a good job on putting the right music in all environments. Cycles is my favorite out of the soundtrack, along with the Band Practice songs.Gameplay is simple platforming, along with great minigames. There is a Guitar Hero like minigame, there is a command minigame where you need to press the right button while going up stares, etc. There is a good amount of fun in this game (for me at least)There are two ending to this game, bunch of achievements, and a bunch to explore. Thanks to those, it makes replay value strong.Did have one small problem with the game:Both endings are kind of ""meh."" They're not bad, but not great. I wish you could play one more song before the game ends. That would make the ending much more enjoyable.For 20 dollars, I can't recommend this enough! For 20 dollars, it's worth it for the strong and lovable characters, great story, great soundtrack, beautiful artwork, fun gameplay, lots of achivements, and strong replay value.Now can you please play this before the fanbase goes out of control?P.S. Gregg rulz, ok?"
,Recommended,481510,30887737,Posted: 1 April,all,oLykos,I can't think of anything to say.This game does that to people.
76561198020054317,Recommended,481510,30154872,Posted: 24 February,all,SamIAmSeid,"An interesting world to explore, full of charming characters"
,Not Recommended,481510,32541007,Posted: 18 June,all,Spooky Dia,"Night in the Woods is probably one of the more visually appealing games I've played. I love the art style and music as well as the atmosphere that they created in Possum Springs, however had it not been for the ending I would have given this a positive review.The game itself takes a bit of time to pick up and there seems to be a lot of ""fluff"" just for it to get you from point A to point B. When everything finally begins to unfold into this captivating and intriguing story, you're left with a very abrupt and dissatisfying end. Towards what I guess was their way of wraping everything up, I grew eager to continue the story and see where the characters were headed only to be completely caught off guard by a sudden roll of credits.  I had to look at other reviews just to make sure I wasn’t the only one who had no understanding of how the story just *suddenly* ended.*Spoiler Warning*I think what really threw me off was how intense and climatic the story became only for the antagonist to be killed off on accident, leaving us with a very bland and dissatisfying ending. The only struggle we really faced was trying to figure out what the hell was going on with Mae and why these things were happening. There was no difficulty trying to run from or fight whatever was causing her pain and issue after finding out who/what it was. It was one of those, “Oh. It’s gone… I guess?” kind of moments and that didn’t sit well with me.The game left you with more questions than answers and only tips you off to what possibly happens after the final scene. This would only be understandable if they were planning on making a sequel to explain or further the story but even then, there wouldn't be much to continue with.Again, the art and sound design in this game must be one of my favorites but the story development left a bad taste in my mouth."
,Recommended,481510,30960570,Posted: 5 April,all,[S]J0JI,"I would really recommend that game to people who like to go on an adventure. A very story based adventure. You really have to invest some time to get the full experience. You could also fast skip everyday and you would finish the game very fast. There are so many details. I want to make a list of pros and cons now because I think its easier.Pros+Story+Design+Interaction with NPC's+""hidden"" side storys+ Many achievements which are not that easy to get.Cons- I dont think there are any existing but that there are no badge cards is really annoying."
,Recommended,481510,30153970,Posted: 24 February,all,Dalmin,"Night in the Woods is an extremely charming story oriented game, with unsettlingly relateable characters, realistic friendships, relateable problems with self-confidence and not to mention an appealing artstyle and wonderful music.Night in the Woods is all about atmosphere, charm, story and friendship.To put it short, this game is Life is Strange™ But Actually Good: Furry Edition.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,481510,32793646,Posted: 25 June,all,SpectreRage,"I was expecting a nice, pretty game with cute animal-like characters.What I got instead was beautiful art, an amazing soundtrack, witty dialogue, fantastic characters and a whole lot of heartache. I should not be relating to a gay anthropomorphic fox in a leather jacket nor should I be crying over the experience.10/10 would breed a rat army again"
,Recommended,481510,33031778,Posted: 30 June,all,Kestrel,"Not enough good things can be said about Night in the Woods. I'm 22 years old, sitting in my bedroom at 6 AM after playing for 8 hours straight, and I'm crying, and with a game like this I'm not ashamed in the slightest to say so. Night in the Woods is an absolute experience and has easily become one of if not my favorite game.On the surface the game is about 20 year old Mae Borowski after she returns from college to her hometown of Possum Springs and the (mis)adventures she has with her old childhood friends, with some pretty intense twists spread throughout. Gameplay is pretty minimal: there's a bit of platforming and a few minigames spread throughout, but overall it's really an interactive story that took me about 13 hours to complete, though this included me poking around at every corner so the main story is probably more along the line of 6 hours or so. The art style is simple but fun and fitting for the tone and can get really beautiful for some of the scenes, and the music is absolutely phenomenal. But where the game really shines is the writing. I don't think there's a single unmemorable character in the whole game and the dialogue is a mix of funny, heartwarming, and just feels genuine and relatable. For this alone I think the game is completely worth it at its price.But at its heart Night in the Woods is just so, so much more than a silly adventure story. Though more subtly at times the game touches on a lot of bigger subjects like depression and anxiety, religion, social and family expectations, childhood nostalgia, fading communities, fate and morality, and overall dealing with change and moving forward through life. And it's all done in an incredible way. No points are forced or painfully obvious and the game really just makes you think about the world and your own life. Especially if you're like me and you're either freshly in or out of college, in between points in your life, or just grew up in a small town, the game can touch suprisingly deep. I was surprised to find myself relating to Mae more than I could have expected, and I was stunned just how much of what I've been feeling for the past 4-5 years was put into words in a genuine and honest way. Honestly, Night in the Woods has impacted my life more than any game I've ever played and more than most movies and books I've watched or read, and it's games like this that really convince me that video games are an art form.So overall if you are reading this, please, please, PLEASE don't hesitate and buy this game. It's beautiful. It's emotional. And it's something I'm so thankful I got a chance to experience."
,Recommended,481510,30209825,Posted: 26 February,all,Wren,"This game is probably not for you if you need action to keep you attentive, but if you're looking for thoughtful insight on the human condition wrapped up in a sleepy town full of fuzzy faces, you'll find no better adventure. Though Night in the Woods may look cute and innocuous, some heavy topical themes are buried within the three-year-development.I feel that any complaints aimed towards the tedium of some of the gameplay fail to consider how well this game gets the feeling of small town life across. It would be rather lackluster without its story, and while the anti-climactic approach to the ending may leave some feeling unsatisfied, every detail serves its purpose. The music is either calmly unimposing or driving the atmosphere, and the art style is even subtly explained towards the end.The lack of decisions that lead to a major change in the story may leave you desiring a different style of gameplay, but if you're a fan of atmospheric point-and-clicks like Gone Home or have found yourself doubting the worth of your existence on this planet, I wholeheartedly recommend Night in the Woods."
,Recommended,481510,35054832,Posted: 18 September,all,Nameless Pete,"It's a beautiful, heartfelt, and relentlessly charming gem of a game.  But I couldn't help coming up with alternate titles the whole time I was playing it:Livestock Is StrangeOxenCatsfreeMillennial CrossingRichard Scarry's AngstytownAchewood:GaidenIf any of that sounds even a little bit up your alley, I'd suggest checking it out."
,Recommended,481510,30127411,Posted: 23 February,all,Bermuda Cake,"Within minutes this game is charming. Grabbing a can from a vending machine could have just been a simple button click, but it's this... endearingly clumsy minigame. Moments like this pop up throughout the game and they're all special. I'm reminded a bit of the battle system from Undertale. A simple mechanic being used in a variety of ways, ending up a really powerful way to express emotion. And using Guitar Hero style mechanics is so smart and accessible. For the most part the game isn't leaning on established video game norms to tell its story like lives or respawns or points, which can feel a bit stale.I love the 'wake, go into town, sleep' game loop. It reminds me a little of 'One Chance' from years back, but it doesn't feel tedious. There's enough repetition that it feels comfortable, so when things start changing, you don't just have to be told that they are, you've experienced it first hand. And even within the sleepy routine of the first half of the game, there's enough variety that it rarely feels like a drag. Maybe a little bit around the start. But I just took a break and came back to it the next day.I love the disconnect between the player and Mae the character. How you can pick dialogue options that Mae subtly ignores or twists, or is unable to express, a bit like Depression Quest. It's like you're her subconscious.Technically the game is beautiful, the platforming mechanics feel great, and again, end up serving an emotional purpose.vague spoilers below but you can probably guess them from the first half of the game. That's not a bad thing, it just has consistency.Thankfully the story IF decided to tell with these tools is as charming as the tools themselves. It's an exploration of change, depression, and of choosing to continue anyway. It embraces the mundane. I appreciated how Mae isn't constantly 'raging against the dying of the light'. It's not affirming because ""no matter how hard it gets, Mae never gives up, blah blah"". It's affirming, in a weird way, because at her lowest moment, Mae pretty much *does* give up? Her friends have to save her, despite her refusal, and in the end, it's Mae who has to decide the mess, and the pain, the SOMETHING of life.Congratulations to the IF team and Finji, seems like this was a real labour of love."
,Recommended,481510,30182634,Posted: 25 February,all,MURDERmann,"This is my new favorite game. This game has only, like one flaw I can think of.The framerate dropped rarely.That's it.WHY DID THIS GAME HAVE TO END GODAMMIT"
76561198261160432,Recommended,481510,34774651,Posted: 6 September,all,abbigator,never though a game about furries living in small town usa could make me feel so many things but here the ♥♥♥♥ i am.
,Recommended,481510,30159033,Posted: 24 February,all,Kiru,"For those expecting a traditional adventure game--or even a traditional video game in general: you may find yourselves wanting.For those desiring a narrative experience with genuine heart and for something that will make you feel multiple things, this is the game for you.  If you've been disappointed by and found the narrative experiences of Gone Home and Dear Esther lacking, you'll likely find the substance you've been craving in this title.It's a refreshing break from the melodramas and 'player choice' of Telltale's recent fare.  Good writing, good art design, good dialogue, and good characters makes for an engaging experience.  Who knew?"
76561198063806601,Recommended,481510,34213605,Posted: 13 August,all,met,"I don't review games too often but for this game in particular I felt like I had to say something. Night in the Woods has easily become one of my favorite games of all time. The characters, story, music, and overall charm has made this a standout title in my eyes. And a game that everyone should play. This game truly is amazing and everyone should do themselves a favor and play it immediately.10/10"
76561198132205109,Recommended,481510,30542014,Posted: 16 March,all,Nalazdor Zaam [PLG],I wish I could buy this amazing soundtrack!
76561198058087103,Recommended,481510,33428376,Posted: 10 July,all,Naughtisch,A-Mae-zing
76561198101347613,Recommended,481510,30258884,Posted: 1 March,all,Mynx,"The game was absolutely wonderful. The story is well written, the characters are also well written, and all together it seems to really connect to the player. I thoroughly enjoyed playing this, and I do recommend it to friends and strangers alike.Update: I forgot to mention that it is mostly narrative, so it's a fairly laid back game (until it's not)"
76561197993703914,Not Recommended,481510,32190326,Posted: 4 June,all,Primate,"I was very disappointed in this game. There are numerous reasons for this, but essentially it comes down to two main reasons, a lack of pacing and the game's overall gameplay structure.The gameplay is centred almost completely around walking around the same small environment throughout the game, over and over, looking for the next flag to advance the story. I have a feeling this was an intentional design decision, to make you run through the same motions in each game day to recreate the same dull, stale feeling of living in a small town as a youth, but it doesn't make it less dull just because it has a purpose. Very little of the interaction you do have with the game feels meaningful in any way.There is some extremely basic platforming, a few 'minigames' such as the recurring music rhythm minigame that accompanies the band practice your character goes to, but it's all unchallenging and inconsequential. I'd much rather not have to deal with these parts of the game at all rather than have to play through these poorly implemented mechanics.Which leaves the meat of the game, interaction with the characters and the story. The writing touches on adult issues and the characters feel like realistic portrayals, particularly the main character and her family and friends. Unfortunately I found the game's protagonist completely unlikeable, a 20-something obliviously self-centred person, who constantly needs to be pointed out by her friends her flaws. I stuck with the game because I assumed that this was intentional, and that the main character would redeem herself at some point. But by the end of the game it is apparent the story wanted to be something else entirely, and the protagonist doesn't seem to have learned much.In regards to the story, it takes several hours before the slightest hint that one exists. You spend the first several hours essentially doing nothing other than hanging out with your friends, with most interactions not feeling impactful enough to inspire continued interest. It took me several sittings to finish this game, mostly because I had to take breaks to relieve the boredom of the first several hours. By the time the plot feels like it's finally picking up pace, you're in the final act of the game and then it just ends. The ending itself is also contrived and absurd.With unlikeable characters, poorly paced plot and dull gameplay, it doesn't make for an interesting game. If you are looking for something that explores similar themes, look into the far superior Life Is Strange by DONTNOD or Firewatch by Campo Santo."
76561198292675360,Not Recommended,481510,33479459,Posted: 12 July,all,Schwifty,"Don't get me wrong, I loved much of this game. The art style, the atmosphere, the music and over all a very well written game. Reletable characters. But actually I just thought it was kinda dull.I was happy to play it at first but pretty fast it felt like you just did more or less the same things over and over again. I just don't think it was that exciting. It got interesting towards the end, but well, then it ended.I definitely have positive things to say about the game but when it comes to it I wouldn't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,481510,30319602,Posted: 4 March,all,sodamilk,"review is long, if its too tl;dr for you scroll to the bottom to see the exact case-in-point of a game like thiszero gameplay, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ music, and the creator is a literal ""kill all cis"" tranny who continued to say the dumbest ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥after the game came outthe creator didn't ""create"" anything, he was a skirt wearing trust fund baby who was a financier of ideasgame is ""anti capitalist"" (as in everyone is socialist and there is a stealing minigame and you break private property) but the creator screeches and cries when people pirate his game, and even goes so far as to accuse the official Microsoft USA twitter account of stealing his intellectual property when they make a drawing of Mae in Photoshop (which hilariously showed how low effort the ""art"" for this game was). He also cries when people want to do fanart without paying, and charged a whopping 20 dollars for the game on Steam when it was released. Anti capitalist indeedSays in plain English ""cis people, don't buy my game"". if it was literally anything else besides ""cis people"" like ""LGBT, don't buy my game"" or ""black people, don't buy my game"" the game would've been taken down, the author arrested on charges of hate speech and would probably commit suicide about a week after that. But of course, since it's the ""DIE CIS SCUM"" narrative he's a ♥♥♥♥ing hero. MUH PROGRESSIVISM, AMIRITEthe composer admitted later the music was so♥♥♥♥♥♥because he barely tried, because he couldn't stand the director and wanted to be done as quick as possible (and this guy had worked with phil mother♥♥♥♥ing fish so that is saying something)every dialogue decision leads to the exact same thing, giving the illusion of replay value, when there actually is noneshining game moments include:1) jumping for no reason2) a quickly advancing plot with little to no closure or explanations3) literally every ♥♥♥♥ing character is gay, in a tiny town of double digit population, just so they can be gay for extra WOKE brownie points4) that dialogue at the party where the bear cries about wasting his time at college, then sour grapes it and says ""going to school for a degree is just materialistic"" and everyone literally agrees with him which only shows how pathetic the dev behind this game is and how he feels so insecure about failing his semesters at college he has to project that in his ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games onto other peoplein fact all the writing, which is all this childish flip book even consists of, is one of two flavors: stoned 14 year old ruminating on the universe, or stoned 14 year old with no money yelling about how they hate moneyThe only people who actually like this game are furry millenial pseudo-intellectuals who think ""dude, the universe is like, unchangeable, man"" is Socrates-level thinkingif you really wanna go through an 8-hour walking sideways simulator, please do so without giving the godawful devs behind this game any money. i encourage everyone reading this to pirate it. after all, anti-capitalism, amirite?Interestingly enough, Scott Benson was only supposed to be the designer/artist of the game yet he's had massive influence over the writing and story. Guess what he is. Yup, die-hard antifa communist LARPer. He spends most of his time on twitter (with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ pretentious @, ""@bombsfall"") complaining and whining about first world problems and praising antifa for what they're doingIt makes me sad cause this game had true potentional, Scott shouldn't have been allowed to meddle with the game besides the art. From a promising novel to an 8-hour♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of ""anti-capitalist"" propagandaSuck my cisgender gamer-gate♥♥♥♥♥♥ Scott Bensonit's just another case of this image, just replace ""comic"" with ""game""https://i.gyazo.com/a9872752ee19cd0b32d832afda72064c.jpg"
,Recommended,481510,30228941,Posted: 27 February,all,Cough Wolf,"Welcome back to possum springsNight in the woods, a game I've been waiting for since Octobor 21st, 2015... the day I found out the game existed.Now that this roller coaster ride of waiting and emotions is over and the game finally hit the digital market, is it worth it?Well considering you probably saw the recommendation results I can't really keep you on the edge of your seat withwhether or not I liked the game. So I guess I'll have to tell you why.Meet Mae Borowski.The hero of this story. What is she the hero of? Dropping out of College. What bravery! Anyway... you play as Mae Borowski fresh from the ride home. You learn right away that Mae may have a bit of a jumping problem that no one dares to bring up for fear that Mae might freak out and jump on them to death. So, local pyschopathic jumping cat returns to her home, Possum Springs. A  once mining town that apparently has nothing for the youth to do with themselves, many places closing down... and... well, get this... you, that's right, YOU the player! Can choose what happened to this town long ago that caused it to be such a bummer. Right away, the game gives you options. What happened to the town in the past? What did the dudes in the old times do? Was your grandfather just crazy? Perhaps... Now, Mae being the psychopathic jumper that she is, jumps her way back to town to see what's crackin' down.So you dropped out of school and are back home again, what now?Time for you to catch up on family and friends, Mae Borowski. The main gimmick of the game is you must choose which friend you want to hang out with each day. You meet up with your old time pals:Bea - the worst chain smoker imaginable. (Like seriously she smokes this entire game like damn please consider your surroundings) She's got quite the attitude.Gregg - A leather jacket wearing badass who very obviously has some hyper activity issues. But you put up with it because Gregg rulz ok. Did I mention he's gay? Yeah he's gay.Angus - Gregg's boyfriend. A friend who knows computers and knows science. He also wears a fedora.Okay now that you've been introduced to your childhood friends, it's up to YOU to decide who you want to hang out with the most. Now, it seems like there is 3 options here but actually there is only 2: Bea and Gregg, guess Mae just doesn't like Angus very much. Poor Angus. it's the fedora isn't it? Anyway, you, Mae Borowski, town proclaimed jumping psychopath, will build up a relationship with either Bea and Gregg and get to know them better.and everything is happily ever after?You bet your♥♥♥♥♥you're wrong there! Something mysterious is going on in Possum Springs, something is very wrong with Mae Borowski besides having pogo stick syndrome. She is tormented by something... but what is it? Well, time to grab your scooby doo gear and investigate! ...Kinda... What's the mystery of possum springs you may ask? Well, that's up to you to find out...ConclusionThe game is very dialogue heavy, lots of talking. Get ready to READ. But that's a good thing because the characters are written so damn well, better than I've seen any character written in these past few years and way more relatable. Explore the town of possum springs, find secrets, do everything before the ""inevitable end.""Make new friends who aren't terrified of your aggressive jumping syndrome! It's all up to you really. This is why I gave this game a recommendation....OR You could just play Hyper Light Drifter on Mae's computer the whole time, screw your friends."
76561197999111983,Recommended,481510,33101400,Posted: 1 July,all,Naru,"Sublime from start to finish.It's a coming of age story, except rather than a child growing up, it's someone in that in-between of the end of teenage years and the beginning of what it means to be an adult. And along with that, trying to hold on to whatever's left when everyone and everything changes around you.Good game, good music, and great story. I can't recommend it enough. Hell, I liked it so much I went and got all the acheivements! Go play this game."
,Recommended,481510,30271427,Posted: 1 March,all,Clearbrook,"I'm an adult.  I've only really come to accept this.  Come to the point where what I think of as an adult is what I am.  Before that, I wasn't really sure what to consider myself.  Night in the Woods is a story written about this transition period.  It's a well written story about it to boot.  It's a game that definately makes you feel depressed in the good way.The gameplay isn't really much other then a tool to tell you the story, a lot of rather simple platforming.  Really cute style.Play this game.  It's been a rewarding experience."
,Recommended,481510,30180552,Posted: 25 February,all,Lazehawk,got cups on my earsalso tears in my eyes
76561198079653142,Recommended,481510,34026072,Posted: 4 August,all,Algaytr,"I loveEaster Eggsanddeeper meaningin video games,and this game has a few boat loads of those thingsalso sacrificing people you know to the animal version of the KKK which is actually part of the canon storyline. IT ALSO GOT ME BACK INTO READING BOOKS! ♥♥♥♥ING BOOKS! Even if you're not into story/lore heavy games, or you dislike platformers, or ""walking simulators"", or text based dialogue, or reading books, or realistic  plus depressing deeper meanings, or existential dred, or Guitar Hero (yes that's in the game), or college drama, or drama in general for that matter, or top down hack and slashers, then this game might be for you. However You really need to be someone who's into or has played one or a couple story games to appreciate this for what it is and then youNEEDto be someone within the age of 17-25(or possibly older) toFULLYappreciate the game and its plot, though the themes are a bit rushed and the pacing could use a MAJOR overhaul. I'm your stereotypical First Person Shooter gamer (you can check my steam library) so this game seems out of place, but a handful of years ago, when the Xbox 360 just came out, a game called Limbo was released a while later. I originally bought the Xbox for the latest Call of Duty which was World at War with Nazi Zombies, COD Modern Warfare 2, and Halo 3. So why did I buy Limbo along these giants? I had seen a few Youtubers play the game and as soon as I saw the unique and desolute world I wanted to find out the meaning and story behind it. A couple years later I pick up Cave Story on the DS. Another story based game. Many years later a game called... A good game that has bad rep from its fandom... Undertale. Further fueled my desire for finding Easter Eggs and deeper meanings within pieces of media. And then this game came along. I was skeptical, I loved playing CS:GO at this point, and that took all of my time whenever I opened Steam (over 800 hours in-game, which is... questionable). But I sat down, and this is where the if you're between the ages of 17-25ish you'll fall in love with the game. It's ♥♥♥♥ing FILLED TO THE GOD DAMN BRIM with millenial style humor (not memes, even though the games hints at memes from time to time). The game also takes place in present middle America, specifically on the Marcellus Shale, or the near the beginning of the Rocky Mountains in Pennsylvania. Now hear me out, the game is self-aware that it takes place in our present universe, (with the exception of animorphic people), by calling people Italians, Conservatives, Black, you name a modern or old name to label a group of people and this game's got it, and that's a good thing. It also never breaks the fourth wall except for one Easter Egg, which I like. All the elderly residents in the town grew up right after laborers got the benefits and unions they deserved, so jobs were plentiful and family benefits were rewarding. Every older, but not every adult, has started to worship the old days, in an almost... cult or... Klan like fashion. Anyone who dares leave the town or any outsider who comes in is considered a lesser citizen of the town. You, the player, are born into a lower middle class family as an only child. 20 long years of your life go by in this town before you drop out of DurKILLsburg college as an archeologist and astronomer. many things happened during those 20 years and even MORE has happened while you were away at college for two years. It's your job to reignite your friendship(s) with residents you used to know(or thought you knew), uncover mysteries including one involving a cerial killer, join a small group of criminals, get ♥♥♥♥ing shot, uncover the dark history of the town, visit ghosts every night and question your sanity, choose dialogue options wisely, play ♥♥♥♥ing guitar hero, go to parties (in the woods), meet God(s), SAVE THE TOWN! BUT most importantly... Spend A Night... In the Woods... But take my advice...""DO NOT! go into the those woods if you know what's a good for you kid.""""Let's be criminals.""""Let's be Legends.""""Gregg Rulez O.K?!"" (But Bea is best bae)... Oh yeah and the soundtrack is pretty good. I highly recommend this game. The game actually made me shed a few tears. Also the first game I ever wanted to 100% the achievements.As for books that helped fill the void this game left me with I highly recommend Catcher in the Rye, Franny and Zooey, and Doctor Sax."
76561198147655774,Recommended,481510,34404558,Posted: 21 August,all,e.walker.rice,"There are two parts to this review:1. Was the title well crafted, and stylistically coherent2. Are you going to enjoy playing it?Well Crafted?1. Short answer: yes.  This is the highest quality game that's come out in years.The art, the physics, the fonts, the sound effects--the distances that you walk to get places--all work to tell the story of a very specific thing which is rarely put into words.  This game does what it set out to do, and does it better, than maybe any other game.  The real question is: do you feel okay about what they set out to do?Are you going to like playing it?2. Short answer: maybeThis game is one of the most incisive culture commentaries I've ever seen.  It's fallen straight out of the twilight zone, to give us a peak at what we, as society, look like from the outside.Noteworthy:- If you are being critiqued by this game, you may not enjoy it- If you don't relate to anyone in the game, you may not realize other people feel this separated from game characters already, here in the IRL.- The story is made from your reactions to the things you see in the game, and it takes place in your head.  If you don't resonante with anything that happens in the game, you won't resonate with the story you make for itPlatformer mechanics:These are platformer light mechanics.  If you want to master a system, then you won't be able to have that experience, because there's no platforming system to master.  You just use it for transportation, and it's not a lot more exciting than transportation.Action and pacing:There is a shocking amount of action in this game, but only if you expect there to be no action at all.  If you're looking for a game which requires you to respond quickly to being in danger, you won't have that experience either.  It's basically not present.Completion/Collection:If you're looking for things to collect and complete, you won't find much of it in this game.  While this is an RPG, it's only the story from an RPG, and everything else has been removed.  If you don't like RPGs, because you don't like seeing the world from someone else's perspective, then you'll probably have a difficult time getting into this game.Skill Mastery:If you want to master skills, you will have either a good time or a bad time, depending on whether or not you can understand what the game is trying to do.  As you play the game, you're supposed to see some crazy inter-personal dynamics that don't really seem okay.  Now that you've seen them in the game, try to see them back outside, in the IRL.  You will find these social dynamics repeated quite often.  If you feel like you should object to it in the game, think about whether or not you should object to it, just in general, or if there's something more specific you're objecting to.Summary:Anyone who says it's a ""bad game"" actually means they didn't have a good time.  Anyone who says it's not well crafted, doesn't actually understand what it means when a game is well crafted.  If you can't find well crafted things you don't like, then it's probably because the-fact-that-you-like-it-yourself is part of your definition of well crafted.  If that's true, then you think nothing can really be good, while excluding you.  I leave it to you to decide if that's good or bad.If you want a new experience, play this game.  If you want a new take on your favorite experience, don't look for it here.  This is a new experience, you still might like it.  For me, I probably give the mechanics a 92/100, but I give the guts of trying something like this: three drops of blood, mixed into a glass of rose."
,Recommended,481510,35056019,Posted: 18 September,all,Exciting Jeff,"A beautifully rendered, well written, sweet, funny, and relatable game with an identity crisis.I'm not one to split hairs about what is and isn't a game. I'm a big tent guy; I welcome all kinds. And the meat of this game, the story and the interactions, is essentially IF. I'm not a huge fan of IF in general, but I would have enjoyed it more if it were presented in that form, boiled down to the dialogue and the (mostly) binary decisions.And it's a shame, because the developers seem to have a more narrow understanding of what a game needs to be. As such, they threw in action. Jumping puzzles, or jumping tasks, really, and lots of achievement busywork. And the jumping? It screws with the tone without adding much of substance, but more importantly, it screws with the pacing. If this were IF, or even just a story, the pacing would be perfect. Adding a touch of Super Mario isn't an improvement.Still, this game's got heart. It's laugh-out-loud funny. And it's perfect for anyone who's ever been a little bit of a screw-up, or been friends with one. It's imperfect, but highly recommended."
76561198260417113,Recommended,481510,35108197,Posted: 21 September,all,Tea,"Night in the Woods is a strange game to describe.Either you will absolutely relate to the events and characters in it, or you will feel like something has gone over your head somewhere.Game play wise, it's a 2D platorm style with elements you can interact with and people you can talk to. Decisons you make as Mae depend on the kind of content you get in at least two ways, so to get the full content it's best to play at least twice. There is a very strong mystery element.The soundtrack is stunning, and is a lot of what makes this game so memorable for me.The mechanics are simple, this is not a game you play because the game play is amazing and riveting. You play this game for the story, and you'll either love that or you won't.Personally, the story and characters in Night in the Woods made me see things in my own town and in people I know, and that relevation is astonishing. This game is all about feeling stuck, that hopeless nihilism that a lot of young people feel, and realizing that everyone around you has some kind of potential that they just can't seem to fill.It's very real in a way that I did not expect.This is one of my favorite games, and it may or may not be for you, but I really do suggest playing it."
76561198060977908,Recommended,481510,30563822,Posted: 16 March,all,Lori M,Best game
,Recommended,481510,30600612,Posted: 18 March,all,Kanaya,"This game is 10/10 amazing story, amazing characters, amazing design and amazing music.Honestly, while it evokes memories of Firewatch, it's everything Firewatch should have been.Bea is bae. Mae is bae. Baes <3"
,Recommended,481510,30622217,Posted: 19 March,all,Volpe,"""Play this game before Tumblr ruins it,"" says a review about a game with a target demographic of gay furry leftist millennials.This game is very good, and it made me feel more for the characters than I've ever thought possible for a video game. There's so much replay value here since you're bound to miss a ton of stuff your first time through; optional conversations, events, even entire character arcs can be missed. I'd sincerely love to play it again, but a second playthrough might ruin the magic that the first had. Buy it immediately if you like story-driven games with a lot of character interaction."
,Recommended,481510,30659886,Posted: 21 March,all,8skoll,"holy♥♥♥♥♥♥please buy this game, it's such a powerful relatable game that kind of gets well...Basically buy it if you liked undertail or any kind of RPG/Storyline game. do it. do it. do it.gregg rulz ok?"
,Recommended,481510,32634212,Posted: 21 June,all,LiftyShifty,Bea is my waifu
,Recommended,481510,30601609,Posted: 18 March,all,what,Wow.... That was good. Really good.
,Recommended,481510,30672281,Posted: 22 March,all,Populus,mae is baegregg rulz oksomething something very good game but not really a game and yetcrimes
,Recommended,481510,30717870,Posted: 24 March,all,Jing,i want bea to explode my skull the same way that woman exploded that watermelon with her thighs
,Recommended,481510,30232934,Posted: 27 February,all,Spawnsik,"A nice story-driven game with a fantastic soundtrack. High quality writing, especially for the characters and dialogue, weighed down by solid but somewhat monotonous gameplay (with the exception of some amusing and well-designed minigames). Still, the great presentation and mysterious plot combine for a compelling experience despite any flaws. Recommended for any fan of the genre."
,Recommended,481510,30115199,Posted: 23 February,all,postal,"Totally delightful from start to finish. Great soundtrack (over 130 tracks or something god damn), great story, nice graphics, awesome minigames, really high replayability since there's tons of stuff you can't do on the first run. Just tons of all-around fun and a really beautiful game. Get it.ALSO check out the two free minigames that the devs have on their website. they both get referenced in this but also will help give you an idea of what to expect in terms of tonehttps://finji.itch.io/lost-constellationhttps://finji.itch.io/longest-night"
,Recommended,481510,30282905,Posted: 2 March,all,Sanic,"An almost entirely storydriven game with great writing, witty humor and an artstyle worth dying for."
,Recommended,481510,30106521,Posted: 22 February,all,BlockHeadGaming,"We just started this game and from what I can see it's amazing. The art is very well done and the story is very relatable to people in their mid to late 20's. The ""game"" itself is more puzzle and story driven but overall it is a good time. You can watch our gameplay walkthrough below (With voice acting) if you want to watch some gameplay before you buy it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ii3QKhrRvo"
,Recommended,481510,30108170,Posted: 22 February,all,ThatCleverFox,"A Game (Not?) Everyone Will EnjoyThis is one of those times I wish Steam had a so-so recommendation option. Don't get me wrong, I actually liked this game, but it's a game that won't be everyone's cup of tea.Gameplay: It's pretty straight forward; Jump, talk, explore. This even applies to thedream segmentsfor the most part. This game is strongly dialogue based, so if reading isn't what you're looking for in a game, you might not enjoy this. There is a bit of puzzle solving, but it's not heavily focused on, or complex. Some of the mini-game segments don't really elaborate on the controls (which you'll learn very quickly regardless), but it felt nice not feeling like there was a mandatory objective to reach, or that I only had a certain amount of time to reach said objective. I'll elaborate my concerns about the mini-games later on.Story & Writing: This game is mostly a slice of life story. There's no main focus (not right away at least). And even when the main focus does come into play, it doesn't shove it all in your face telling you ""Now you need to do this next!"". This game lets you go at your own pace, allowing you to explore long before you jump into the more important parts. I for one really enjoyed the fairly-realistic conversations between the characters. It never felt like it was trying so hard to be a fantasy game. It tried it's best to be as close to reality as possible. One thing I really loved about the story is that it didn't turn into a by-the-numbers ""protagonist suddenly needs to save the day"" type of thing.Characters: I enjoyed the main characters, end of story. The characters never spew out any heavy exposition unless you talk to them often, or until you get further into the game. In fact I probably got more backstory out of the random townsfolk than the main cast right from the start.Artstyle & Music: I've been following this game for a good while, and the art style was always the first thing that caught my eye. The character designs may seem simplistic, but the environments always had a very great appeal to me. Whether you're just exploring, or running around in pitch black dark, you'll always be accompanied by music (varying from catchy to unsettling), and/or heavy ambiance.Replayability: Again, the game is pretty straight forward. I've only played it once so for all I know I could've missed some parts, or I could've done something different. After I finished the game, I was actually expecting to have a little bit more to do. I actually started my game again from where it ended expecting to show up at home, but I was thrown into the last cutscene again. It kind of bummed me out. I was expecting to at least get to replay some of the mini-games:Smashing lights,knife fights,squirting mall goers with the fish fountain. Hell, I even would've just enjoyed being able to play the in-game laptop game again. Maybe even get to revisit some of the places that where only assessable during specific parts of the game (with one exception obviously). I'm not asking for an entirely new game right after the story, just the freedom to know that I can explore a bit more than I could from the start.Conclusion: This game for the most part is a side-scroller version of an interactive visual-novel. It's more focused on the story than the gameplay, yet still tries it's best to still give you enough to do, and explore. The writing is good, and the characters are enjoyable. Though this game is fairly short (main story being at least 7-8 hours long), you'll be given multiple opportunities to explore without feeling like you need to rush to the next segment right away."
76561197971544420,Recommended,481510,30124646,Posted: 23 February,all,Griffons,"Very nice game with adventure, slice of life and lovecraftian elements.-Very pretty to look at-Likeable characters-Comfy music-Fun minigames, especially DemontowerI guess it could be considered ""Undertale 2017"" but some people might disagree.Took me 18 hours for a single playthrough so it passes the money-time ratio for me since i will probably replay it for different endings and to get some achievements.Definitely worth a try."
76561198071982362,Recommended,481510,33024782,Posted: 29 June,all,pearll12pokkemon,"An amazing ""coming of age"" story with beautiful music and visuals, and endearing characters."
76561198087169198,Recommended,481510,34255404,Posted: 15 August,all,Gsquared,"First off, I'd like to say don't buy this game if you're expecting a great story and great gameplay. You're not getting either of them with this game. Don't get me wrong, they're not bad, but they're mediocre at best.What this game lacks in those two aspects, it makes up in art/athstetic and character development. The art in this game is beautiful and the animation is smooth as silk. The characters, especially the other main characters, are fleshed out and three-dimentional. The two characters that you interact with primarily are the most thought out and you begin to feel concerned about what they're going through.Overall, I'd say this game is a good buy if you don't mind the story or the gameplay. I think the developers of this game can use their skills to make a masterpiece if they improve upon those two aspects."
,Recommended,481510,32974475,Posted: 28 June,all,TheVoidBat,The only game where you can eat donuts as a cat.
,Recommended,481510,30565999,Posted: 17 March,all,Minty,"Gregg is my spirit animal.In all seriousness though, what this game gave to me was the dialogue between the characters, that never changes no matter what you come from or what you do, the trials and tribulations of relationships tend to stay the same. I feel for a lot of the characters and have felt the way they have many times, from the parites, to the envy and jealousy of friends, to sadness of losing someone close. This game really speaks as if its a person and was written so well.Im glad I played this game. I really am."
,Recommended,481510,30330284,Posted: 4 March,all,"Makooti, the Bionic Man","Night in the Woods is a strange and wonderful little game.Imagine for a moment, that the breakfast club got back together.Then they go on a Donnie Darko style adventure.Its a fascinating game, and at the very least unique. It's less a game and more of an interactive picture book, and its beautiful in that aspect. The game will require at least 2 or even 3 play throughs to unlock all the scenes that can be seen, and it took me 13 hours just for the first play through, while narrating it out loud to my friends.If you suffer depression, anxiety, or stress, if you come from a small town or are at a particularly ephemeral point in your life, I can recommend this game. If you find that your future is uncertain, and all you can do is what you are doing, I can recommend this game. If you enjoy cute little diversions from life, I recommend this game.My only complaint is that the ending is a little lack luster, but the more I think about it, it really fits. There just could have been a little more plot resolution beforehand."
,Recommended,481510,33072002,Posted: 1 July,all,Buck Wylder,"That was quite the rollercoaster of emotions and suspense. Even for such a lighthearted animation style, some of it was very heart-racing. The special blend of music que's tied in with scary scene's really worked it's magic.Now onto the grounds of the storyline; though I don't want to spoil it for anyone wishing to get this game, for which I highly recommend it... It's just, it feels unfinished; like there's a large amount of room for added content, like the sober ending with a touch of cliffhanger wasn't necessary. I want more out of this!And i'll be blunt, you want to play this game, find yourself a gamepad of any kind, be it xbox, steam-controller, or w/e you can dig up that'll work, I've tried platformers on keyboards in the past, even with this; and it's very clunky, doesn't feel as smooth.8.5/10 I can't give it a perfect score; since the dramatic twist ending wasn't enough; it could've gone much further,but it's a great story in of itself; and although i assume that all your choices will still tie into the same final outcome; the joy of being able to chart your own course through the game is exciting in of itself. :D So jump into the world of ""Night in the Woods"" and enjoy it as I did!"
,Recommended,481510,30228402,Posted: 27 February,all,-TN- Paranormal Android,"This game deserves all the positive ratings in the world, and then some.Be prepared for a huuuuuuuge mix of emotions if you play, something that only a few games can pull off, but NitW does it amazingly well.PS: Alongside the main story, there are loads of nice little secrets and extra things you can do, which were just so....nice, for lack of a better word.PPS: The sounds and music are amaaaaazing, i'd reccomend playing with headphones when it's nice and quiet, maybe at night or morning too, if you want to go full ambience.PPPS: Loads of achievements ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhPPPPS: Gregg rulz ok?"
,Recommended,481510,30105695,Posted: 22 February,all,Dreccan Of Paws,"Simply amazing. The soundtrack really fits into the game's atmosphere, the characters and their personalities are all very unique, and the town itself molds around your choices and gameplay. It's been a while since I've played a game like this, and I have to say that this is one of my favorites of it's kind. In the end, the small details are what make this game so gorgeous"
,Recommended,481510,30309645,Posted: 3 March,all,Afternoon Tea,I literally had tears of joy in my eyesThis game is beyond relatabeMeta...so much meta...My heart feels amazingGregg rulz ok
,Recommended,481510,32032439,Posted: 28 May,all,r0bbie the soda can,"pros:shoplifting minigameyou get to smash lightbulbsthere are gay charactersyou get to knife fight your best friendthe game looks great but you might not be able to see the game's visuals through the tearsgood musicbeautiful poetry by selmers, heart throbbingpros/cons:everyone suffersfurriesit's insane attempting to get 100% completioncons:where my fourth band rehearsal atthe game endsdemontower makes me want to die, you are all sadistsoverall 9 perogis out of 10"
76561198055563632,Recommended,481510,30323018,Posted: 4 March,all,Iskallt,10/10 would Gregg rulz ok again
,Recommended,481510,32836137,Posted: 26 June,all,Codenamegoth,This is basically what being 20 in a small town is.Side note: I enjoy demontower way more than I thought.
,Recommended,481510,31276266,Posted: 21 April,all,Guncakex,Such an fascinating world with awesome characters and a amazing adventure!I enjoyed this game very much! :DThe soundtrack was awesome too btw
,Recommended,481510,30088455,Posted: 21 February,all,TheManCoBear,"Well... what to say about this game?Night In The Woods is a plataform/adventure game which also has some ""guitar hero"" minigames and an entirely complete rogue-like game.You play as Mae, a 20 years old female cat who is back home after giving up school.Did it worth waiting 3 years for this game? AbsolutelY!The characters feels full of life and the artstyle (also the soundtrack) is beautiful.*EDITED: I polish a bit my review."
,Recommended,481510,30114630,Posted: 23 February,all,Red,👍👍👍 🐱❤️️💯
,Recommended,481510,30115538,Posted: 23 February,all,[XUnK] BrainBoggler,"I love this game. If you like anything you see in the trailer, you're most likely going to love it as well."
,Recommended,481510,31857995,Posted: 20 May,all,cutiedeliant,FRIENDSHIP ENDED WITH HOMESTUCKNOW NITW IS MY BEST FRIEND
,Not Recommended,481510,34085576,Posted: 7 August,all,ゴゴゴゴ WEK ゴゴゴゴ,Life is Tumblr 2: Furcadia Bay
,Recommended,481510,30219008,Posted: 27 February,all,Sleepy Sheepy,"This game, dude this ♥♥♥♥ing game.I barely smile, feel emoitons, or really feel anything about life as a whole, but this game had me smiling, feeling sad, feeling a lot of things I dont even understand, this game is incredibly well written with genuine aspects in every corner, from every character oozes this realness which at times is almost surreal to be playing, this game rewards you with an incredible story, the more you explore, the more you learn, I have beaten it multiple times and still have not completed everything. AND the ♥♥♥♥ing artwork NEVER gets old its incredible after 30 some odd hours of looking at this world, its still nice to just stop and look at♥♥♥♥♥♥every once in a while and admire how much detail and just beauty there is in this lively worldOverall an incredible and genuine game in a sea of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t overproducing, overpriced, rehases, this game stands out as a unique and loving game that was obviously worked on by people who really wanted to make something incredible, so great work to this game, and great work to everyone who worked on this.please give this game a shot, even if it seems slow at first this game is absolutley one of the best story games, if not one of the best gams I have ever played."
76561198074539039,Recommended,481510,30252199,Posted: 28 February,all,Jenpai,Gregg rulz okIn all seriousness though. This game hit me right in the heart and took me to a place I didn't think it could.
76561198056886321,Recommended,481510,30133604,Posted: 23 February,all,LobsterBisque,"I'm only about half way through. It sounds so cheesy but I have to say this game has so much heart. The world and its characters feel so real and alive, even though its characters are all anthropomorphic animals. Be warned its very slow, but the overall experience and incredible writing has been worth the sometimes sloggy pace. I'll update this if I change my mind but for now I want to add to the rest of the positive reviews bc this game deserves it."
,Recommended,481510,30150732,Posted: 24 February,all,Flumps,It's lit my dudes.
,Recommended,481510,30116539,Posted: 23 February,all,Karadur Zero,"One of the best interactive novels i've experienced in ages. Every character feels unique and real, none feel like an NPC placed there just for idle chatter. This is a game I really enjoyed and with multiple different side stories that can't all be experienced on the first play through, you can easily replay this another time for more awesome times."
,Recommended,481510,30634288,Posted: 20 March,all,Faceless King,"Not much to say about this game. It's a beautiful game that makes you care about its characters. You'll get satisfied and leave it with a smile, just to play it again.Also:G R E G G   R U L E Z   O K"
,Recommended,481510,30780082,Posted: 27 March,all,mcguinnessdr,One of the best games I've ever played.
76561198072206775,Recommended,481510,30159057,Posted: 24 February,all,Mardy,"I played this game for a solid hour and fell in love instantly with the characters, the art style, the humor, everything. The game is truly a gem and I hope this game does not go mainstream because once it does everything special it had going for it would be ruined in my opinion."
,Recommended,481510,30758946,Posted: 26 March,all,cardboardmisha,"After waiting over a year for Night in the Woods to come out since playing Lost Constellations, I can whole heartedly say it went way above my expectations.When watching videos previewing the game it seemed like it was solely going to base around Mae's poor mental health and, if I remember correctly, her depression. Thus, I was anticipating that at times the game would lack ability to touch upon those topics without forcing them. Boy, was I wrong.Issues we face in every day life are so beautifully intertwined with the game's fantastical (ish) story line in a rather...humble manner - in the best way possible. We do not get a note saying ""Mae is depressed."" We get a female protagonist who drops out of college and faces these issues in such a realistic and human way. Even though she and all the other characters in the game are a part of the animal kingdom, they feel a lot more real than a lot of television shows and movies I've watched in the past which involved attempts at showing real human emotions.We get a female protagonist, a beautifully presented queer couple, characters of different beliefs and sizes as well as even religion being handled in a very mature way without making it a key aspect of the game. Therefore, for anyone still wondering whether they should purchase the game or not; do it."
,Recommended,481510,30961481,Posted: 5 April,all,TANGO ALPHA ROMEO,best game in existance10/10
,Recommended,481510,30940408,Posted: 4 April,all,Radical,I loved every moment of it. There will be many people who need this game in their lives.
,Recommended,481510,30906635,Posted: 2 April,all,BlueOtter,"Night in the Woods is a fantastic narrative that resonates with those who haven't found their way or trapped in space and time.  The characters are engaging and the story is great - can be a tad tear-jerking too.  I'm not usually one for this type of game, but I'm overwhelmingly glad I gave it a shot."
,Recommended,481510,30284255,Posted: 2 March,all,i drink bleach,I'd pay to play a fourth song
76561198006426969,Recommended,481510,30475756,Posted: 12 March,all,Beneji,"Night in the Woods does something that many games can not do nowadays. They make you like and care for the characters. The gameplay even though very simple as it is an exploration game is underlined, by the gorgeous cartoony graphics, soundtrack that always perfectly matches the mood and the town that even though is quite small, can feel quite expansive and filled with characters and activities to do. Of course there were some small problems I had with the game, but they are rather tidbits than actual problems (like who thought of the super fast, knife throwing enemy in Demon Tower?). So if you like all the stuff I was talking about be sure to give it a try. (also this is the 1000 review, isn´t it kinda cool?)"
,Recommended,481510,31334817,Posted: 24 April,all,AJ,I just beat this and... I can'tPlay this game.Play. This. Game.
,Recommended,481510,31396638,Posted: 27 April,all,Flapjaw,"The reasons you should play Night in the WoodsFirst Pillar: MusicThe moment the game launches a vague, almost ethereal noise like gently blowing wind in a vast expanse accompanies the logos, and then your ears are treated to some of the best title music anything has had in the past decade. It's jazzy, it's despondent, it gives a sense of nihilism and rebellion all at once, while climbing to be a bit faster and even hopeful near the middle of the song. All of this in only the first three and a half minutes of a three volume, six and a half hour long soundtrack. It's a good sign, to be sure.Constantly the music complements the atmosphere of the scene it plays to, slowly dropping out during tense conversations, shifting to new tracks based on the weather, where you are, when in the story you are, and who you're with. Listen closely to the music in the trailers for tracks that perfectly encompass the breadth of the game from start to finish in barely over a minute. Enjoy the way the music blends with environmental noises to further immerse you in the world, echoing slightly in tunnels and adding extra instruments to the track when in-game musicians are nearby. Due to these details, this game is best played with a headset as opposed to external speakers.Alec Holowka has done an exceptional job with this music, which includes the soundtrack for the game within the game dubbed Demontower, as well as all the tracks for the two supplemental games that I also highly recommend. I listen to all of it in a partially shuffled format that mostly retains chronological order at my leisure because I'm a sucker for seamlessly blended genres.Second Pillar: Art StyleYou'll be ridin' the chariot looking at this game. From the album art to Mae's journal doodles it's all fun to gander at. There's a lot about the art style that I can't talk about without spoiling the game's meta narrative, so I'll tell you how it reinforces everything else later and focus on the broad strokes here.Vivid colors and crisp shapes really bring out the Autumn feel, tasteful contrast accentuating every angle and detail on both the characters and the environments. differences in lighting between scenes help to set the mood, and the way lighting sources are distinguished pairs with other small details to draw you in to the world depicted onscreen. Characters kick up leaves and twigs in some places, your presence can frighten squirrels and birds if you move too quickly, fireflies dance around lamps at night, and the sounds of your steps match perfectly with the ground you're seeing. These may seem like a small feats in isolation, but when these details are spot on throughout the entire game it adds a bit of magic to the game.Then there's the animation, from the walking and running cycles of each character to the way the fur on their arms sways with small gestures during closeups, it's all spectacular. The occasional blinks, ear twitches, and expression shifts add even more to love about these artsy graphics that deftly sidestep common trends and the uncanny valley with stylish and lively anthropomorphic animals.Third Pillar: Genre JugglingDo you want to play a platformer, dungeon crawler, puzzle game, runner, or rhythm game? How about a game where you dodge bottles and smash lightbulbs? One of those weirdly difficult sniping games with a shaky camera? Something that simulates you and friend trying to stab each other in the hand? Well, I guess you could play this. Night in the Woods istechnicallyall of those things, but that isn't reallythe point.Night in the Woods juggles these gameplay elements as stylishly as it does narrative themes and musical influences, using them to enhance the experience and the plot. Some stuff is rather difficult, or even completely insane, while most sequences aren't too challenging, but it alwaysmatters, and because of context rather than shallow scores or leaderboards. You'll want to play a song well because you want Mae to make a good returning impression on her old friends. You'll try to reach new areas and solve puzzles to learn more about Possum Springs. Talking about the rest would be spoiler city, but you get the idea.I've been playing highly competitive video games since a very young age, and it get's exhausting. After punching my billionth demon in DOOM I start to wonder what the point even is. To reach 22nd place on a leaderboard nobody cares about? Bleh. With Night in the Woods I can enjoy a motivation that transcends all that, which brings us to the next Pillar.Penultimate Pillar: NarrativeSo here's what you know from the very beginning: you're a bundle of shapes that vaguely forms a cat-person. After a couple minutes you learn that Mae is her name and she's certainly not you. Unlike the route typical immersive games take with their blank slate, vanilla protagonists, Mae is a massively complex and intriguing character in her own right, and she carries the plot forward as much as you do.Strangely enough, this game doesn't seem to advertise that your choices matter, because a lot of the time they don't. In other games with dialogue options as expansive as those in Night in the Woods there would be all manner of buzz surrounding how much ""agency"" the player has, but by avoiding trying to trick players into thinking pointless choices actually matter the game can focus on making some key choices impact the final sequence. Furthermore, where you go, what you do, and who you spend your time with will determine how much dialogue pops up later and what is said. Even the things that objectively don't matter can matterto youbecause of the context and character development.Bonus PointsThere are boatloads of perfectly timed content and foreshadowing hidden away in optional/missable encounters and environmental details. Even the expressions characters are wearing as you approach convey a lot, since they are almost always in a standard state by default. Any variation is immediately noticeable, and this pairs with the writing to make everything feel more real. My recommendation is that you find everyone you can everywhere you can and do all of the optional hangouts. The fact that you can miss out is a part of the meta narrative, but not missing out ruins nothing and adds to the surface narrative.Final Pillar: CharactersThis is yet another win for the writing, as the conversations between characters do the most to make them feel tangible and realistic. More than that the way they talk matches their age and the zeitgeist of our time. This game takes place in 2017, and it actually feels that way. It's refreshing to stumble upon a game that succeeds at being set in current times, since using historical settings is so much easier to execute and market.Not only do the characters come to life through their words, but also how they say them. There's no voice acting save for a few grunts and huffs, so text tells the story. It can have a particular color for certain characters, and the game hides some important characters by just giving them standard white in spite of their importance. Sometimes the font is subtly larger to show steadily growing agitation and loudness. Other times it slithers on a particular word to show it was said with a sleazy, hateable tone. Other times Mae will flip out and start yelling like a maniac, her letters jittering around in her speech bubble.Combine the mutability of the text with expression changes, Mae huffing at the right time, and characters raising their arms or even flailing them around depending on the circumstances and you've got some truly memorable characters. They're unique, they're fun, and you'll legitimately care about them.That's all I can write on Steam. I'll link to full review on my profile when I finish it, but play the game before you read the rest because I'll be getting into spoilers then."
76561198096048180,Recommended,481510,31642944,Posted: 9 May,all,Noodle,*slaps desk 20 times in approval*
76561198163687627,Recommended,481510,31662594,Posted: 10 May,all,AttackOnToylar,Ive played a lot of this game on a different account and let me tell you. This game is incredible and reminded me a game can be great that is led by story.Pros~CharactersControlsArt StyleStoryMini gamesCons~Not a very long game (5-7 hours)Not enough Angus
,Recommended,481510,31621926,Posted: 8 May,all,Darthmonk867,"Night in the Woods in an experience you honestly have to try for yourself to understand why everyone has raved about it so highly. It's one of those rare few games that has a sense of magic about it. I won't even talk about the plot because it's best to just go into the game completely blind. The whole game takes you on a journey from start to finish and explores through dialogue everything from getting over the past to religion and the failure of small towns. It's more of a graphic novel than anything else, but it's so damn likable and intriguing that it shouldn't deter you from purchasing it."
76561198170168743,Recommended,481510,31570802,Posted: 5 May,all,"Zola, God of Cheese",Well that was weird.Like REALLY weird.It's a good weird? I guess?9/10 not enough guitar hero segments tho
,Recommended,481510,30288668,Posted: 2 March,all,dingo 🐺,A fantastic game full of fantastic art full of fantastic relatable characters full of fantastic emotion full of fantastic dialogue full of fantastic everything.
,Recommended,481510,30436810,Posted: 10 March,all,Captain Ahab,"Please play this game. Regardless of whether or not you can relate to the topics tackled here, it is worth the experience. This game does a great job of providing silly, enjoyable dialogue while still being real as ♥♥♥♥.Being a story-focused game, there's not too much going on in the gameplay, but I can easily say there was never a lack of things to do in Possum Springs. In fact, there are probably some things you'll miss out on in a single playthrough.The music is fantastic, it does a great job of setting the mood. It feels exactly the way it should for every scenario in the game, be it just being out in town or on a specific night out with someone. A shame there is no official soundtrack available for purchase at the moment, I would love to further support the devs for their work.Last, but certainly not least, the characters. They are all people you could meet in the real world. Some more relatable than others, but all of them feeling like genuine people with their own story to tell. I would encourage anyone who plays this to really put yourself out there to hear what even some of the minor characters have to say, it will be worth it.gregg rulz ok"
76561197999919605,Recommended,481510,32055937,Posted: 29 May,all,djdamage4000,A+++++++ writing
76561198254516855,Recommended,481510,30983627,Posted: 6 April,all,comrade Jeb!,"Amazing game, but there was one part I hated. The ending, because then the game was over and I was sad."
,Recommended,481510,31043005,Posted: 9 April,all,PortoWulf,"When I reviewed ""Gone Home"", I commented on how I expected it to be scary, but was pleasantly surprised.Now for the exact opposite:Night in the Woods is an adorably illustrated story game about a girl who returns from college early to her suburban little town after aproximately 2 years. There are minigames such as a rockband simulator, severed arm poking, and a hand stabbing game, and lots of walking and exploring the cute little town filled with anthropomorphic animals. (Which is why it confuses me that there's still wild animals like Racoons and Squirrels, but I digress)However, about half way through the game, the story turns and goes a way I didn't expect at all. I won't spoil it, but remember, it's the exact opposite of what I expected of ""Gone Home"".More things that reminded me of Gone Home was the GLBT aspect, but I almost respect this one more. Where ""Gone Home"" had the theme as a central plot point, ""Night in the Woods"" simply has multiple characters who are simply gay/bi/etc, and no one even comments on that fact. It just is. Even the main character is assumably bisexual. Without ruining the plot, I can say she has a romantic interest in a boy from highschool as well as a girl. Gregg has a boyfriend as well, and the lawyer guy has a husband. At the same time, the main character's mother works at the church and is presumably religious, but retains a good relationship with her daughter, and regards her friends well.There are also a lot of themes that will hit home if you're: a) in your 20's, b) a college dropout or struggling to finish, c) struggling with mental problems, d) living in a rural/suburban town, and plenty more. Themes about death, alcohol, fighting, religion, and more bring a dark sense to the cute and colorful facade. It's really well done.I give it a 9/10. The game may be lost on Young Children/Teens and Older Adults, but if you're in that sweet spot in between, I think you'll really enjoy it no matter your background."
76561198116620901,Recommended,481510,30918242,Posted: 3 April,all,Rosa Viva,Never have I been able to relate so well to a cat.
,Recommended,481510,30108739,Posted: 22 February,all,St1mpy,"This is like a Michael Cera film set in a Vector zootopia.More specifically I'd say it's half way between Juno and Scott Pilgrim Saves the World.I really like it, and the game description doesn't really do it justice. It is easy to play, and has made me laugh, cry and grin stupidly all in the first hour."
,Recommended,481510,30835779,Posted: 30 March,all,Apollo Caelum,This is one of the best games I have played in a long while in terms of writting. The dialogues are great and the themes on the game are so well done. Plus it can be terapeutic to some people. I highly recommend it if you want an unique experience. But if you are looking for intense gameplay I have to admit this is not that kind of game. Still great.
,Recommended,481510,32313437,Posted: 10 June,all,Fatty,"An amazingly interesting, funny and well written game - can't wait to see more from these developers.10 out of 10 trash fires"
,Recommended,481510,31044428,Posted: 9 April,all,creitve,"Writing is reliant on characters instead of twists of the plot. There is more hidden gems between lines  — and rooftops —  than in the general direction of the story. That way it comes together as no other young adult fiction I've played so far.Other than that, you are a feline lady named Mae Borowski. Short, ‘sturdy’ and a bit on the delinquent side of career choices. Borrrowwwski. If this doesn't sell it, I don't know what will."
76561197979708569,Recommended,481510,30771583,Posted: 27 March,all,Volks,"The kind of game that makes you evaluate your life, all past decisions and question everything you ever did."
,Recommended,481510,31104036,Posted: 12 April,all,raz0rf0x,"This is not my usual game to play. I had eventually gotten it on a whim between games and I was very pleasantly surprised at my own reaction.I’m not exactly an avid gamer and I don’t intend to review any technical aspect of the game. The controls are simple, and that’s perfectly okay; the goal in this game isn’t to test your abilities. Night in the Woods is story that you get to experience and to that end the simplified controls allows you to focus on what is going on and not be distracted on how to get there. The visuals are also simple, but with stylistic integrity that reflects the care that was taken into making this game. Even with such fundamentally basic graphic design it manages to be beautiful and properly evoke the appropriate emotion in each scene. I have never found myself doing as many screen captures during a game as this one; so many scenes struck such a chord I wanted to see and feel them again later.The story itself is engrossing and personal. I found myself caring about the characters and about the choices I made. I have only played through once but there are many paths to the end of the story to take and I’m looking forward to seeing what else could have been if I had made once choice instead of another, or if I had said one thing instead of something else. The greatest care I have seen the creators take in this game has been in the storytelling. The dialog gracefully swings between fun then poignant, serious then playful. Without digressing into the nitty gritty of it, the story is told from the perspective of a 20 year old young lady. Those of us who can still recall what that period in our lives was like will empathise with the character and their perspective throughout  the story.This game is worth playing. I should more accurately state that this story is worth experiencing. The developers deserve a lot of credit for the creativity and dedication to detail that they displayed in creating this experience for us. I recommend it wholeheartedly."
76561198115694853,Recommended,481510,30784296,Posted: 27 March,all,[Spencer],"This game is a helluva journey that you won't regret taking, loved it!"
,Recommended,481510,31100175,Posted: 12 April,all,h3llqu1st,gregg rulz ok
,Recommended,481510,30295615,Posted: 3 March,all,Mandel,gregg rulz ok
76561198068457577,Recommended,481510,31179063,Posted: 16 April,all,Tacita,"One of the most atmospheric and unique games I have ever played. I enjoyed every minute, even the existential crisis-es."
,Recommended,481510,31231594,Posted: 18 April,all,Zaroth,Night in the woods has one of the most engaging and stories I've ever encountered in gaming.I love it. Alot.
,Recommended,481510,30207469,Posted: 26 February,all,Silentman,"I just finished the game for the first time after focusing on Bea, and I'm struggling to figure out a way to really describe this game in a way that's both accurate and approachable. My mind immediately rushes to compare it to Undertale, which is obviously a bad idea on account of its wildly different gameplay, setting, and themes. It's in a lot of ways a perfect mirror to Undertale, it has fun and goofy dialogue, lovable characters, and genuinely interesting moments. But where Undertale is about optimism and determination in the face of adversity, Night in the Woods is about pessimism, nihilism, accurate depictions of mental illness, and being a generally ♥♥♥♥ed up person in a generally ♥♥♥♥ed up situation. And yet, in the end, it's your dumbass friends who pull your dumb♥♥♥♥♥out of the fire.If you're the kind of person who wants characters that you care about going through problems that you can probably relate to if you're a poor millenial in a dying town, I can't recommend this game enough.P.S. if you're the kind of person that would hate this game because you play as a mentally ill bi woman, rest easy in knowing that she could probably beat your♥♥♥♥♥a dozen different ways."
,Recommended,481510,30970779,Posted: 5 April,all,Jamez.EXE,omg that was soooooo good best naritive expirience since firewatch all the charecters were expertly voiced and the story was beautiful 10/10 (but the ending was good and bad)
,Recommended,481510,30340073,Posted: 5 March,all,Pl!zga,"Night in the Woods is a game driven by the fleshed out characters and by the eerily familar landscape that evokes a myriad of emotions. It's also a story of the fight between being young and being an adult, the struggle between a carefree, exciting life, and one full of the boring and redundant.Highly recommend it for anyone in their late teens - early twenties, although, of course, it's great for any age.9.5/10"
,Recommended,481510,30329505,Posted: 4 March,all,Keygentlemen,"As much as I love this game, I acknowledge that it certainly isn't for everyone; however, if you're even slightly interested in an interactive story-oriented game with a fantastic soundtrack, a simple but beautiful art style, largely realistic writing, that really gets you invested with the (oftentimes relatable) characters, I strongly suggest you give Night in the Woods a try. I won't call it flawless, but it does everything it offers very well and hits close to home."
,Recommended,481510,32358802,Posted: 11 June,all,[DH]Basnett,"Highly recommended. The gameplay is pretty simple, but the writing and characters are superb. Soundtrack is expansive (something like 3 hours long in total!) and every track goes perfectly with what's unfolding on screen. One of the best games of 2017."
76561198021675602,Recommended,481510,32161264,Posted: 3 June,all,matimarble,"Immersive and beautiful.Amazing visuals, unforgettable soundtrack and relatable characters. I can't wait to play it again."
,Recommended,481510,31281955,Posted: 21 April,all,Wazari,I hope the fandom didn't overtook it.
76561198000078066,Recommended,481510,30265278,Posted: 1 March,all,Apotheosic,"Night in the Woods is a wonderful adventure game that kept me hooked from start to finish. At its core, the story is about a young woman returning home from college to her old hometown. She works hard to re-connect with her old friends, even as she struggles to understand how much their lives have continued and changed them in her absence. Ultimately they have to work together and be there for each other as a series of increasingly strange events in their town seem to haunt them at every turn.This is a really solid and fun adventure game with unique expressive visuals and a really great soundtrack, but what really sets it above the crowd is the writing, the characters, and their development. All of the main characters (and many of the side characters) are endearing and have you invested in them almost immediately. The writing is phenomenal and does an excellent job of feeling real. Not like, semi-fake-sounding tryhard real like some similar games pull, but really, really solid real. Conversations just feel organic and development feels natural.Overall, the game is excellent quality for storytelling and characters, it's a really good length (meatier than i expected, but did not overstay its welcome), and given that you can't see all of the side stories for each character on a single playthrough, it definitely warrants at least one replay. So yeah, great game, great characters, great content, gregg rulz. ok.10/10"
,Recommended,481510,30256193,Posted: 1 March,all,Octolord,"Didn't expect much but got a lot. From minigames to just exploring this colorful world in the span of three sittings. It's not about length or how much there is to do though. This game is a good story wrapped in a cute bow. It just happens to also be a bit of ride into mental somethings.You'd be hard pressed not to find something likable about each character, my only issue is Mae is kind of a socially inept♥♥♥♥♥♥ but weren't we all at sometime. I'll be decompressing this one for awhile."
,Recommended,481510,30256811,Posted: 1 March,all,lucas,dog friend does crimes with you 11/10 very nice dog mechanics
76561198315579369,Recommended,481510,30361615,Posted: 6 March,all,jjrt5543,"This has quicly become on of my favorite games. Its a story about a cat-girl named Mae who is going through a lot. She decides to drop out of college and return to her small town. I will admit, this game isnt for everyone: If you like fast paced games, this isnt the one for you. If games that make you question your own life isn't your jam, then I reccomend a different game. But this game, in my opinion, is so unique and hits a lot of points that other games simply can't"
76561198187047091,Recommended,481510,30354468,Posted: 6 March,all,gyldenfrej,"I love this game. As much as a semi-depressed arts degree graduate who can't find a decent job and has recently lost faith that she ever will is really able to love anything at all. The dialogue is the best thing, it's funny, dry and way too real. Get this game if you can't get your life together. Recommended. Like so much."
,Recommended,481510,31024085,Posted: 8 April,all,Finnick,"At first I thought I would hate/not be interested about this gameUNTILOne of my best friends just told me to watch just one gameplay.....and I bought the game with avoiding any kind of spoliersand what do I think about this game!?Unforgettable gameThat game is the best game I've played this yearGosh! I haven't played a game as good as this in long time!!!WHAT A GAME!WHAT AN EXPERIENCE!!I can talk about this game ALL DAY, definitely better than almost every game I have played in my life (at least in my opinion... you can disagree)The story was touching, it made me cry, laugh, happy... Best story of a game(I never cried from a game before, that's why for me it's the best no other game had ever made me cry)The art style is so great!!The dialogue between the characters are well done!BRILLIANT JOKESAND I LOVE VOICE ACTING THE CHARACTERS!!! IT'S SO FUN JUST TO MAKE THEIR VOICE!!!The characters are so interesting and so alive... and made me feel towards them(especially Mae,Gregg,Angus and Bea... Obviously)The music is just wonderful and emotional sometimes (I will even buy the album)Everything is perfect about it (at least in my point)I didn't spot issues or something bad about this game so um...... yea 10/10!The game passed so many games I've played in general in my best games listI don't know how HIGH I recommend this gamelet's say the HIGHESTHigher than any game(SO THERE ARE MULTIPLE ENDINGS, TIME TO GET ALL OF THEM!!)"
76561198106185688,Recommended,481510,32356354,Posted: 11 June,all,jamestheweesel,"I cried. I am a full grown man and this game made me lay in bed, crying. . . That should tell you more than my words ever could."
76561198034187473,Recommended,481510,30189419,Posted: 26 February,all,Sprakle,This game made me actually love a character...
,Recommended,481510,30089599,Posted: 21 February,all,Somewhat Spooky Møcha,"I love this game. I love it's story, it's artstyle, it's message, it's characters.. everything. I've been waiting for this game ever since it's crowd funding campaign ages ago. Definitely worth every second of the wait."
76561197981022672,Recommended,481510,31697085,Posted: 12 May,all,tom,call of cthulhu for millenials. neat.
,Recommended,481510,30107059,Posted: 22 February,all,Toast n' Bean,"A beautiful game to say the least. Very well written and I found myself deeply immersed in it. Would highly recommend this game in general to anybody seeking a deep and emotional storyline. All characters are extremely lovable andI found the dialogue between themsevles and their monologues to be either humerous, emotional, or both."
,Recommended,481510,31714362,Posted: 12 May,all,Elex,"Amazing, touching and relatable game.GREGG RULZ OK"
,Recommended,481510,30107815,Posted: 22 February,all,orbiter,I have never felt so suburban
76561198163770026,Recommended,481510,31714835,Posted: 12 May,all,Anime Grill,"This game is a treat to play. I've never felt an emotional connection to this game like any other in a long time. It's essentially a game where you do mundane tasks, but they made it so entertaining with the fantastic writting, interesting characters and overall charm. It's not perfect; the platforming is not great, and can take up a lot of your time, and while I enjoyed the ending it felt a bit rushed. It will connect with others while another person might be annoyed. If you have the patience and enjoy reading then I highly recommend this game. It's not gonna be for everyone, but it is a game well worth anybody who will give it a chance's time. If you like games like Firewatch, then you'll probably love this game."
,Recommended,481510,31745813,Posted: 14 May,all,RakuenVI,"I'd recommend this as it's very easy to play with excellent dynamic dialogue and unique art style. There are some elements of replayability in that the dialogue has a lot of minor variation depending on the in-game day/etc and completionists will enjoy exhausting all dialogue, replaying to hang out with different people, getting all the journal pages and achievements. However, the themes and humour aren't for everyone. Plus the gameplay isn't very good. I didn't find the game very funny most of the time, it wasn't as vibrant/open as the description made it out to be and the themes focused on small town America felt ham-fisted at times, but I still enjoyed it when it was focused on Mae's struggles/her relationships and it's a good price for the content. 3 star game.I was disappointed with the lack of impact your choices have and with the ending. Although there are slightly different endings, the game ends very abruptly and without affording the player any real closure. In a way, that feels very intentional given the subject matter of the game. The game also feels like a console port and often I thought that a controller would make the experience more enjoyable, especially the band practice parts."
76561198076780003,Recommended,481510,31754688,Posted: 14 May,all,jhbgame,A story driven adventure with relatable characters is a unique art style.ProsVery smooth and interesting style.Characters are developed and play  an interesting role as you move through the game.Has interesting mini games.ConsGames is short even if you take it slow.Game can have some slow moments as the story progresses.Overall I enjoyed this game and I love how the simple characters make you feel a range of emotions as you play. It reminds me of a shorter undertale type game.
76561198346781519,Recommended,481510,33600116,Posted: 16 July,all,FoxTrot,Most amazing game i've ever played.
,Recommended,481510,30111098,Posted: 22 February,all,Zaayl,"Night in the Woods is a good game, but I'm not sure its for everyone.The art is beautiful and the music is great. And I greatly enjoy the writing style and characters. But it very, very clearly has a target audience, most of whom will likely be able to relate with aspects of at least one of the characters. However it avoids taking these concepts too far and becoming another edgy angsty story, for the most part it seems its goal was to make the player go ""Too real..."" several dozen times, and it succeeds at it. It can be very emotional at times, especially if you relate to the characters troubles, or know someone who does.However the story almost feels...small, compared to the rest of the game. There are many hours between any relevance of the core plot coming up, the game feels more about the characters than the story, the story itself feels like it could have been part of a 2-3 hour long game, rather than a 11 hour one.Controls are kind of jank, lacking mouse support almost entirely (there is one screen in the entire game where the mouse works.) and its a bit buggy to rebind, I even had issues with the controller support. However the game lacks anything where you need much manual dexterity (Im still pretty sure you are meant to fail the Bass sections...but I hate rhythm games anyway) so its not a big deal.The game also lacks for puzzles, its almost all story with a small handful of minor puzzles (like...2 or 3) and very easy platforming sections. Most of the game is exploration and interaction.Overall I enjoyed the game, and plan to give it one more playthrough in the future (a bit slow paced for a back to back playthrough.) But I would be lying if I said I enjoyed it more than Lost Constellation. They are very different, but I just enjoyed Lost Constellation a little more, I think the developers writing is more suited to shorter games than big long ones, and would love to see more stuff like Lost Constellation from them.Gregg rulz ok."
,Recommended,481510,31256706,Posted: 20 April,all,TheRealPinwheel,"One of the best games I've played this year, should win an award for Game of the Year 2017 in my opinion (Perhaps best Indie).The game has a slow pacing, but it makes up for it due to such an amazing story it tells. Certain things you do in the game can lead to different opportunities and could potentially lead to different endings.I still have more to explore in this masterpiece of a game, plus once you finish the game all of the things from the beginning you didn't understand all come together to make complete sense.The characters in this game are unique and well thought of.I'd say this is worthy of a 10/10"
76561198324764115,Recommended,481510,33287138,Posted: 5 July,all,easy2Bapollo,"Buy this game for yourself. Then buy it for the people you love. Then write a rave-review so that more people will be inclined to buy it themselves.Night in the Woods is honestly an experience that can't be summed up in a game review.The stunning and unique art style, the great soundtrack, and the amazingly expressive and realistic writingare all unmatched in any game I've ever played. By the end of your first playthrough, Possum Springs feels like a real place, Mae and her friends and neighbors all feel like real people, and you as the player genuinely care about what happens to them. That's honestly pretty rare, even for story-driven games.This is the kind of game that you play once, spend days thinking about and processing, and then jump right back in the play it again.Don't go into this game expecting a great platformer or puzzle game, because that's not what it is. The platforming challenges are generally pretty mild, and most of the puzzles, while fun, are pretty self-explanatory. The game focuses more on settings to explore and characters to interact with to keep you hooked than on technical challenges. And while your choices definitely influence your experience of the game, they don't really impact the main storyline and its ending all that much--the place where your choices most come into play are your relationships to the other characters in the game, which are constantly evolving based on how you treat other people and who you prioritize spending time with.In short: Writing = great, characters = phenomenal, gameplay = alright, replayability = high, overall = 10/10 stars please play this game you won't regret it.At the very least, Night in the Woods is a memorable experience and an excellent commentary on small-town America in the age of Trump, and how young people are forced to try and navigate that kind of landscape.Absolutely recommend."
76561198114913825,Recommended,481510,31958472,Posted: 25 May,all,RadioBagel,Night in the Woods is an awesome indie adventure game that literally made me spend the first hour gawping at the polished artwork.The  characters were realistic and despite the rudeness of some i still felt attatched to the characters (maybe even more than undertale). My favorite part was the end as it felt like the best possible way to end the story. Maybe the achievements were a bit to hard for achievement hunting but i still love this game. P.S It has replay value as there is more than one ending!
76561198352126198,Recommended,481510,31908015,Posted: 22 May,all,Seboilba,"This game has now become my favourite game of all time. It has resonated with me on a personal level like no other game has in my life because what the main character is going through is extremley similar to what is happening to me right now and also what I fear may happen, the character dialogue through out the game feels like it's actually being said by a real person and really gets you to care about these 2D anthropomorphic creatures (with weird smaller versions of themselves as pets and wildlife) and to know whether this is the right game for you ask yourself do these subjects appeal to you in a story:-Depression-Existentialism-Fear-Friendship-Nostalgiathere are alot more themes that this game tackles but i feel like these are the mains ones that you should know before going in and playing it for yourself. If you decide that this isnt the game for yourself, you could watch this game in some sort of playthrough online but you wont get as personally connected to these characters as intented.Also the soundtrack visuals and animations are top quality :)"
76561198133068229,Recommended,481510,31915100,Posted: 23 May,all,darknessfire101,Very Story Rich. 24+ Gameplay. Still Not Complete. Hoping It Won't Go Like FNAF (Terrible Fanbase) Or Franbow.( Not Being Seen)
,Recommended,481510,32075632,Posted: 30 May,all,Ridley,"Nght in the Woods is my favorite game of 2017 so far. It has a wonderful art style, deep and relatable characters, and a great story. While at some points the game gets dialogue heavy and it feels like you don't have much control, the story it tells through these parts is worth it. I honestly can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,481510,33584720,Posted: 16 July,all,kerma,"damn, this game is great.i believe the story is not for everyone, but if it hits you, it hits you hard."
,Recommended,481510,35427470,Posted: 2 October,all,AwkwardFox22,I absolutley LOVE the art style for this game! The story is great & the characters are fun & relatable. My favorite character is either Gregg or Mae!
76561198032108912,Recommended,481510,32566118,Posted: 19 June,all,Dufferton,"Before I even owned the game it caused an emotional reaction with me.It felt familiar in a way that no other game I've played has, and it was the only game I've played where I was really sad that it ended."
,Recommended,481510,30233469,Posted: 27 February,all,Beltboy,If you're one of those people who played though Psychonauts by talking to every NPC after each level then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,481510,30350171,Posted: 5 March,all,Kounavi,"I binged this game for 9 hours straight. Jesus holy crystal this is a good gamethe only complaint i would have about this game is that now that i know ill never get to hang out with these awesome characters again, i feel empty :("
,Recommended,481510,30155689,Posted: 24 February,all,ricera,"Absolutely beautiful -- both the visuals and dialog. Possibly a GOTY contender, definitely in the adventure game category."
,Recommended,481510,30622898,Posted: 19 March,all,Smol Child,-Cute Art Style-Lovable Characters-Funny and memorable dialogue-Amazing soundtrack-Cool Dream Sequences-What's not to love?p.s. Gregg rulz OK
,Recommended,481510,31615312,Posted: 7 May,all,"Joshie `;.,",This game isn't just a game. It's an experience.
,Recommended,481510,30260557,Posted: 1 March,all,"Howling mad, ABBOT",Best game ever  game of the year?
,Recommended,481510,30261955,Posted: 1 March,all,Roulette,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Aaq-hf6FiPoIf charm was personified and choices in Telltale games actually impacted the in-game universe, you would have Night in the Woods.The art, the atmosphere, the writing, the characterization, everything in this game is on point. I challenge you to play it and find things to complain about.Go on. Do it. DO IT."
,Recommended,481510,30954444,Posted: 4 April,all,[LP] pvt garfield,"if you're a gay, furry, millennial you'll love this!!!"
,Recommended,481510,30651104,Posted: 21 March,all,The-Irish-Hunter,This game is v good yes 👍
76561198149659548,Recommended,481510,32358210,Posted: 11 June,all,PanPan,outsanding
76561198094038072,Recommended,481510,33358819,Posted: 7 July,all,Illustrious Illusionist,"This game is honestly one of my top three games of all time. Right up there with Undertale and Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. It's a game I have a hard time describing to people, but it's a game that *gets* to me on a level that few games do. The most minor moments would make me tear up with emotion. It was such an amazingly emotional, immersive experience. As Mae, I would get up every morning genuinely looking forward to seeing what new things people had to say that day.It's also one of the few games where I've actually bought the soundtrack rather than just listening on YouTube. The composers deserve it."
,Recommended,481510,34841116,Posted: 9 September,all,Firebottle,Maybe one of my favorite games of all time based purely on the story and characters. Each character is soooo well written. Even the side characters that you only briefly pass by give you the feeling that they have their own backstories and lives going on. Love it.
,Recommended,481510,30106095,Posted: 22 February,all,garwik,grabby paws
,Recommended,481510,30093102,Posted: 21 February,all,MythicalRedFox,"NITW is a whimsical adventure. I'm only about three hours in, and I'm already completely in love. The characters and witty banter are brilliant; sometimes it feels more like I'm reading a fanciful YA novel and everything in the game is just what I'd imagine in my head. The gameplay is simple yet unique in its own ways, and plenty of fun. The world of Possum Springs is fascinating and a joy to explore. And the story, plot, and character development are all very interesting and engaging.For the record, I did play the two free supplementals to this game (Longest Night, and Lost Constellation) which can be found on the NITW website. I've found that they give some interesting context to some of the finer details of the story thus far, and I suspect they'll come even more into play later.I cannot recommend this game enough. If you enjoy story and adventure (and who doesn't?), then this game is for you.Oh, and not to mention the absolutely gorgeous art style. <3"
,Recommended,481510,35384601,Posted: 1 October,all,Eggsy,Everyone who played this is a furry now sorry I don't make the rules
76561198000738305,Recommended,481510,30093189,Posted: 21 February,all,mywaywardson,"This was an amazing experience.The pace, the writing, the style, all amazing, but what makes this game really fantastic is the setting. The way it blends horror and nostalgia, and then makes a theme out of the fact that it blends horror and nostalgia, is something I've wanted for so long without even knowing it.Highly, highly recommended."
,Recommended,481510,30107930,Posted: 22 February,all,Megaru [AoC],"I would give this game a solid 10/10 if it wasn't that short. I mean, I powered through it like crazy because the hype got me and I really stuck to the story, but I feel like it's missing something.Regardless, it is really worth it's money. The dialouges are just perfect.9.5/10 EELS HONEY, EELS"
,Recommended,481510,30327659,Posted: 4 March,all,pixels/that/breathe,"Take the character design of Animal Crossing, the writing style of good young adult literature and the art style of an internet web comic and you have Night in the Woods.It's a coming of age tale with many a twist.Let me tell you about this game. Spoiler free.If there's anything that NEEDS to be stressed about this game, it's the writing and character building.The writing is as natural as anyone speaks to one another, it's real as ♥♥♥♥.The characters are very well fleshed out, Undertale's characters ain't got♥♥♥♥♥♥on the citizens of Possum Springs. Yes I went there. Undertale's characters are well written but they're also fictional caricatures of fantastical things. There's parallels to reality of course but come on, it can be argued that some of those characters are a stretch too far into fiction.But with the characters in Night in the Woods, I can say I have EASILY met and spent time with people like any one of these characters in real life. These characters of Night in the Woods may look like caricatures out of a web comic, but MANNNN do they have real life issues and depth.This game literally makes me feel as if I'm hanging with real friends every night I play it. (Yes, play it at night, in the dark.) I always look forward to the laughter, the tears and the fears of Mae Borowski and her gang.This game has moments that are genuinely hilarious, sad, scary and hey, without spoilers I will even say... Mind blowing.This game touches on a lot of mature themes despite its gentle exterior, again without spoilers it touches on the following topics...- Love- Death- Change- Crisis Existentialism- Religion- Peer pressure- Jealousy- Suggested hallucinogenic mental disorders- all the drama that follows the years AFTER adolescence.And that's about all I can say without blowing the lid off.The gameplay? It's more than just walking around. There are light minigames throughout the story and without spoilers... There's a FULL META GAME built into the game that some people spend more time on than the main game. And it's actually a game that could have released independently. Seriously.The game itself is linear in the fashion that it tells it's story, if you go to bed at night, there's no way to go back to any of the events of that day you missed, and thus, this game requires multiple playthroughs. I'm on my second one now. :)Anyways, I just had to get that off my chest. There are folks saying this will be the next ""Undertale"" craze so... Get into it before it's supposedly ""uncool"" and ""cool to hate""So yeah.10/10 Gregg rulz ok?"
,Recommended,481510,30112540,Posted: 22 February,all,Nyxes,"This is game that doesn't shy away from darker subtexts, and isn't afraid to touch upon things that are all too real to some people in life. Characters may seem somewhat easy to judge at first, but if you make the effort to speak with them -- or hang out with them, as the case may be -- you get to learn more about them, sometimes even things that you wouldn't necessarily expect.Not many games make me want to sit and stare aggressively into empty space once I've finished, but this is definitely one of those.The soundtrack for the game is also fantastic, and the visual style is the same level of great. Sometimes it's the little details that make something excellent, and even if I can't point everything out off the top of my head, they'rethere, and they make a difference.There were a lot of things I wasn't expecting while playing this game, and each time something of this sort came up, I had to stop and justthinkfor a moment. I feel that the dialogue is all very believable -- nothing felt stilted or choreographed (which is sometimes the case). Conversations feel like they're unfolding naturally before your eyes, with characters reacting, well, in-character to things that are said, or sometimes not said. The subtle call-backs to the two free supplemental games -- Longest Night and Lost Constellation -- were also present and very much appreciated.Anyways, I think I'm gonna go have that sit-and-think time now, becausedamndo I need it."
,Recommended,481510,30940811,Posted: 4 April,all,just ramen,crimes?.. crimes.10/10
,Recommended,481510,33106176,Posted: 1 July,all,Killer,gregg rulz ok?
,Recommended,481510,30155028,Posted: 24 February,all,Streaky Haddock,"If you like characters and story, absolutely get this game. Beautiful visuals, music and animation.Do some Crimes."
76561198153186950,Recommended,481510,32369272,Posted: 12 June,all,Courtflash,"Developers, you've made something more incredible than you could ever imagine. I'm a 20 year old female who's been depressed and suicidal for as long as I can remember. My mum passed away in 2010 of cancer, and I don't think I've ever gotten over it. When she died, I think my motivation for most things died too. I flopped my GCSEs, re-did them, flopped again, stopping me from being able to do A-levels, I did a BTEC course, got an OK grade, got onto a university course that isn't what I want to do, but can get me to what I want to do, and now I'm about to fail said university course. Over the last two years, everything in my head got more intense, to the point that I just didn't want to do anything anymore. Recently, people I actually care about reached out to me and I told them how I felt out of guilt for making them worry. Now, I'm taking anti-depressants and I've booked myself in for some therapy and bereavement counselling. I still feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥ cos it's only early days, but this game helped me so much. It reminded me of all the♥♥♥♥♥♥young people go through as they grow up and mature. Mae and Bea especially helped me understand myself better. I really hope this game can reach the people who'll appreciate it. The people who might need it. It's a wonderful experience, I never wanted it to end. Even if you're not having some kind of mental breakdown, this game is great for those who love horror and adventure. Thanks again, developers. I hope you make it big someday."
,Recommended,481510,33104758,Posted: 1 July,all,Classiblue,"This is the best game I've ever played. After playing it for some time, I felt almost like I was high - I was super relaxed and happy at the same time. I can't explain it, the game has that magic aspect to it... Buy it."
,Recommended,481510,33193205,Posted: 3 July,all,MC Imitator,why did this cartoon animal game have to hurt me so bad
,Recommended,481510,30091038,Posted: 21 February,all,krells,"I've been waiting for this game for years and the wait was completely worth it.If the artstyle doesn't make you fall in love with the game then the characters will. It's rare to see a group of friends in a game actually act and behave like friends. There's some real chemistry between the cast of characters which is very refreshing to see. NITW make you smile, it'll make you depressed, and it'll have you experience an existential crisis somewhere along the way at least once.Night in the Woods is definitely a game worth your time, if you can handle a somewhat slower storytelling experience."
,Recommended,481510,30093354,Posted: 21 February,all,龍 Mao,"So I just finished it...and wow.Just wow.It's a game that I felt like I could relate to in a way, you're going around town as a college drop out cat who's want to escape from [spoilers involving major backstory that isn't revealed til the end] but ends up being forced to face it in her deadbeat, old town where she grew up from. It's something a lot of people can relate from: the fear of being alone, the fragility of everyone around us, and the truth about our dreams and how sometimes, life just doesn't go the way we want it to. Every character (with the exception of Germ who barely appears in the game at all) have unique and super interesting stories that kept me glued to the screen all day. For the most part, not much builds up til the last two parts of the game. And like, I promise,♥♥♥♥♥♥gets real at the end, and while I can see the twist coming off as fairly weak to some, I feel like it did establish the main character's main dilemna well enough (and also it was all so batshit crazy that it didn't matter) to make me basically not care and left me in shock as I played through the game's finale.And on it's own gameplay wise it's just stimulating to mess around in. There's a full-on playable dungeon crawler that's actually super interesting and almost standalone, it warrants multiple playthroughs due to the fact that you can't experience everything in the game in one playthrough, and it's sound design is just out of this world. While walking around a town and occasionally doing things isn't all that interesting from a standpoint, it's not the real hook of the game. If anything, the gameplay complements the story rather well but doesn't try anything beyond that.It's definitely the kind of game you have to set different expectations for when playing, but trust me, it's not something you should miss out. Even if you'll probably not get into it or relate to it as much, you have to check out Night in the Woods. There's nothing like it."
,Recommended,481510,31549199,Posted: 4 May,all,maesthetic,You know it's a good game when you feel empty after completing it.
,Recommended,481510,30089623,Posted: 21 February,all,swertz,"literally just a funnier, better version of poptropica"
,Recommended,481510,30414027,Posted: 9 March,all,not protogen,"really fantastic and moving game, im not normally one for story based stuff but this was amazing.also gay furries."
,Recommended,481510,30352679,Posted: 6 March,all,Kefen,"It starts like 'Suburban Millenial: The Game' and it's quite fun to explore, then it goes downhill and it's still kind of awesome.Other than that I have the hardest time describing it. Completed one playthrough in the course of an entire Sunday because I just had to know what was coming next. Felt pleased, amused and confused.Style is cute, writing is either deliciously nonsensical or maybe I'm just the wrong generation, and music is excellent, 7/10, will play again."
,Recommended,481510,30378553,Posted: 7 March,all,Fantastic Mr. Wolf,Cute. Alive. Nostalgic. Highly recommend.
76561198056812733,Recommended,481510,30378253,Posted: 7 March,all,thewonderwaffles,"It's a deep dig into the depression and madness of the rust belt and the people that live within it. If you love the sight of a decaying mall or the sillouette of an abandoned steel mill,  you'll love this game."
,Recommended,481510,30418717,Posted: 9 March,all,MrDrProfPerson,One of the best games I've played in the last 4 years. It's emotionally hardcore and explores some pretty dark and intense topics masterfully.
,Recommended,481510,30419038,Posted: 9 March,all,BlackRose,"At deap of our heart we all can fell a sense of emptiness, but there is more in our life that made us to enjoy it, to love our life.  Nothing will last forever, so hold on what's most precious thing in our life and knowing when to let it go, that's the least we as ourself can do.  This game have draw so much personal connection between me and the world that Mae are living in, and it taught me more than i have expected.  This game perhaps is not as genius as Undertale, but the story is so real(maybe not the ghosts part or that hole part)I have enjoyed every hours for playing this exquisite game and i will sure to enjoy it for later."
,Recommended,481510,30419618,Posted: 9 March,all,UrWorldDeformed,"I don't even know where to begin with this game. I don't know what drew me to it; the adorable characters, the color-rich art, or the seemingly (and proven since) sarcasticly hilarious character interactions. No matter what it was, ultimately I had no idea what I was signing myself up for. This game's story will punch you with all-too realistic thoughts and emotions, brings you to tears with it's diverse set of small-town characters, just like the kids you grew up with, and provides the perfect amount of ridiculous antics you'd expect.This game touches on so many things, I can't begin to possibly list them all. I couldn't put this game down, and found myself calling my roommate into my room to read the text out loud. Instant favorite."
,Recommended,481510,30401387,Posted: 8 March,all,Lucky,"I feel really empty and sad that this game is over. At the same time, i'm angry because I feel like I missed things and screwed with the ending. These are my hot takes after just finishing the game, anyway.Worth full price."
,Recommended,481510,30303527,Posted: 3 March,all,Iridium,"Night in the Woods is probably much more in the way of interactive fiction than it is a game. It's also cute, charming, and surprisingly familiar.It's been quite a long time since I was 20, and by now I'm probably closer to the age of Mae's parents than to Mae herself. But I remember those days, and I remember very well going through something similar to what she and her friends go through. I guess it's a little surprising what comes flooding back. That strange blend of existential ennui, the struggle to identify oneself in the space between adolescence and adulthood, the realization that much of what you were told about the future that's available to you wasn't told because it *is* true, but because the adults around you *hoped* it was true in the face of their own failings and self-disappointments. And then the rejection of those promises.And here it's captured with lovely art, appropriate soundtrack, and a probably-universal sense of nostalgia for the GenX-and-up crowd. It's here to slug you in the gut and draw your attention to the same things you're going through and/or remind you of how you handled those days. Or didn't, as the case may be.This is a depressing game. It's supposed to be, and it's all the more beautiful for it."
76561198018253803,Recommended,481510,30179543,Posted: 25 February,all,Eidlonimp7,"I dropped out of college, then poked a dead body with a stick. 10/10."
,Recommended,481510,30435813,Posted: 10 March,all,Crafty,"This is one of the best games that has come out in a long time imo. The art style is fantastic, the characters are the most genuine out of any game I've ever played and they all have very unique personalities, it is filled with secrets that may take you more than one playthrough to find, and it's story is short but fantastic.I want more."
76561198019808658,Recommended,481510,30205670,Posted: 26 February,all,squidbunny,Recommended. A clever and surprisingly tender look at coming home to small town America. The characters WILL begin to feel like actual friends over the course of the game.
,Recommended,481510,30184597,Posted: 25 February,all,Reisenboo,"It's a charming game filled with memorable characters, lovely graphics, and enjoyable music that fits things quite well. My main problem with the game however, is the ending. The ending was pretty mediocre. Besides that, it was a pleasant experience.Gregg rulesz OK."
76561198126325697,Recommended,481510,30370840,Posted: 7 March,all,Mr.Xaxer (FGM) ツ,"I love this game. It's short, but good!"
76561198153362421,Recommended,481510,30187554,Posted: 25 February,all,Kingwallster,"This is one of the better indie games I've played in a while. All the characters are very real and have almost too relatable lives and backgrounds. Even without them, the story is still pretty strong and engaging. Highly reccomend giving it a try"
,Recommended,481510,30187912,Posted: 25 February,all,Mulliganger,Pretty damn good.
,Recommended,481510,30199899,Posted: 26 February,all,Maurycy,"This is probably best written game I've ever played with one of the most well-done characters. There isn't that much gameplay if you're not into running around and talking to everyone, I don't think most of the decisions you make in the game have a huge impact on the overall story.Yet I absolutely loved it. It filled the void that Undertale left after I finished it, story-wise. And did it even better."
76561198079615822,Recommended,481510,30153078,Posted: 24 February,all,PeenusButtLer,Gregg rulz ok
,Recommended,481510,30109311,Posted: 22 February,all,WillDaBeard,"On the pizza scale, this is a way above average pizza.Simple but effective game play, an engaging story with lovable characters and a beautiful aesthetic.Well worth your money, if you don't like it well I guess you just don't like pizza."
,Recommended,481510,30528419,Posted: 15 March,all,Dorfhexe,"Loved that little game.The characters are really well written; they felt so real that I was totally immersed at all times.I also loved the music, which fit very well into the situations.It was also about three times as long as I thought it would be so for me that's a plus. Well worth the 20 bucks in that regard alone.I guess the only thing I didn't like was the song-games - I'm just really horrible at those."
76561198251700328,Recommended,481510,30510056,Posted: 14 March,all,WHAM! But Ironicaly,"Night in the woods is at its core an RPG where you walk around an talk to people, I personaly dont think it falls into the genre of ""Walking Simulator"" but the comparison is not entirely unfounded. You are a 20 year old college dropout that caught the last bus back to your dying hometown of  Possum Springs, an old mining town in whatever the games version of Pennsylvania. The game does its characters and enviroment very well. The characters the places and the music all tie together and make the interactions with the other characters the highlight of the game. The overaching plotline only really serves to move the characters along and the writing of thecultists and reminicent of hot fuzz endingplot felt very rushed at the end and felt like it detracted from what I wanted pesonaly, which was to continue to talk to cast of characters and their more down to earth problems.TLDR: If you dont mind that the game is closer to a visual novel than an rpg, It is an excellent game on exploring the feelings of a dying little town and struggling with not being able to change(This also feels like a game you might want to get to before a fandom ruins it)"
,Recommended,481510,30243569,Posted: 28 February,all,Asymmetrikon,"A beautiful world filled with wonderful, flawed characters. Despite being a vector-art 2D sidescroller where everyone is an animal, it's somehow more realistic than 99% of other games. Definitely get this game."
,Recommended,481510,30719920,Posted: 24 March,all,Saint Dr.Duck,I've been hit in the feels
,Recommended,481510,30718073,Posted: 24 March,all,Game of Champions,"Best game. Best game. Night in the Woods has quickly and easily topped my list of favourite games. Really nice graphics, and the text is so perfectly made. It make you feel what Mae is going through, and you feel connected with her and everyone else in Possum Springs. Definitely worth the money. The only problem is it going too fast and being too short. Nothing will ever top this game.I also very much love the sorta motto of the game.At the end of everything, hold onto anythingMake it last as long as it will."
,Recommended,481510,30560287,Posted: 16 March,all,Need_a_name_here,"I've just finished this game after 16 awesome hours exploring everything, and damn, this game is a masterpiece, I have no other words, loved it"
,Recommended,481510,30888581,Posted: 1 April,all,BOTBOT,I love this game its lore the secrets the path you choose the memes are great and the Therapudic part of the game is amazing and this game oh this game is just so good.
,Recommended,481510,30888982,Posted: 1 April,all,Nuclear Stargazer,"This game is beautiful, from the music to the story. I couldn't find a better slice of life if I tried to find one on TV nowadays. I love every one of these characters, and the range of emotions I felt during this was awesome. The saddest part to me is that a lot of people will never know about this game. Nothing was a stereotype here; and after seeing a ton of AAA games with nothing but, this was a welcome relief. If you enjoy good movies and shows, and artistic style games; please play this one."
,Recommended,481510,30865868,Posted: 31 March,all,CHAO GODFATHER,"night in the woods is probably the best crisis-inducing game that i've had the honor of playing. probably the only crisis-inducing game i've played, but still. i loved the soundtrack and the art direction with the game. very smooth in playing and it gets real /quick/. and it hits you hard. albeit only having played this through once i was able to beat it in about two sessions, so it's relatively short (more or less if you're willing to sit for a good few hours). once you begin to play it kinda gets you invested in it pretty quick that you won't want to stop playing. it does a very good job in telling its story and i definitely would reccomend night in the woods like gosh. cute furries. nice art. nice music. smooth gameplay. excellent story. what more could you want"
76561198065116267,Recommended,481510,30245341,Posted: 28 February,all,RoboSwag,"Its pretty rare that I want to replay a game, but I found myself coming back to Night in the Woods time and time again to make sure there was no stone left unturned. You will laugh, might cry, and deeply care about these characters. I don't want to spoil anything, but depending on how you grew into the person you are today, you might see a deep reflection of yourself in this game. Gregg rulz."
,Recommended,481510,30836544,Posted: 30 March,all,❤Ech∅❤,cute?: check. funny?: check. good story?: ♥♥♥♥ING CHECK
,Recommended,481510,30365289,Posted: 6 March,all,Super Spook 13,"You're a cat and you try not to make a fool of yourself or die or anythingalso there are minigamesit's like someone took games like Proteus (it's an experience, not a game), fairly linear interactive fiction, and Mario Party, cut out the Mario Party practice mode, and threw it in a blender with some good music.Result?-Story is good and relatable to people who haven't even gotten to college yet-Music is good.-Minigames you don't get to practice and it's fun anyways because it gives it an impromptu feeling-Wandering around town looking for neat stuff to do is good-goodonly bad thing I can say is that it's easy to forget to talk to someone and you don't get to go back and do a day over without going through the rest of the game before it; a scene select would be nice. (You can still do the minigames over if you REALLY want to, alt-f4 before it saves and you'll go back to before it starts.)"
76561198117157596,Recommended,481510,30846985,Posted: 30 March,all,Irken Destroyer,"Awesome Game!!!!! I really enjoyed the story, which is like a mix between ""the Catcher in the Rye"" and the ""Goonies,"" The characters are relatable and feel real, and the music was good. My only problem was that sometimes the game seemed to have a little lag, but that was it. also Greg rulz!!!!!"
,Recommended,481510,30173868,Posted: 25 February,all,Leviathan The PImP,soundtrack? PLEASE!?!?!Also this game after i beat it just confused the **** out of me but it is so good like you dont understand unless you play this game
76561198080446852,Recommended,481510,30866978,Posted: 31 March,all,RPrambles,"I binged this game, played it ten hours straight start to finish and I love it. The art style is charming and clever and the writing is equally hilarious and morbid, which really appeals to me, and the characters are just a delight and there's so much to explore and find. If you play games for story and characters, you'll probably adore this game."
,Recommended,481510,30841691,Posted: 30 March,all,Neon,"This game. This game is the closest I'd call a game to perfect. I fear to even mention any of the emotions I felt during this. I fear to mention you will feel any emotions, just so you have the same perfect ignorence I had going in. Just know that this game is brilliant. Fantastic. Art past what you would see on a wall. Every /thing/ in this alingns so well with my person, and even if it doesn't yours, I can undoubtably say it will stick with you miles past the end credits. Despite what I've said, do yourself a favor and go in to this expecting nothing. It will help. I guess you'll just have to belive me ;)"
,Recommended,481510,30404193,Posted: 8 March,all,bitch nelson,I love the characters and the way the story and their backstories sort of unveal as you explore the town and get closer to Mae's friends. I guess the bigger experience is getting to know the characters. And I guess there are other endings depending on who you decide to spend time with. That's nice. Though I feel like the overarching mystery suffers for this. I guess maybe thats kind of interesting depending on how you look at it. It's about people and life more than the town mystery. Or unanswered questions that you cant even piece together with clues. But who knows maybe some theorist will make me rethink that. And I guess its sort of existential.Mae is such a mess. I like her and she became more sympathetic in the end but it's also interesting that the hardest part about befriending Bea was Mae constantly acting like an♥♥♥♥♥That said its a really cool and unique storytelling experience. I'll eventually go back and do the other characters playthroughs but It'll really bother me not to fix things with Bea. I mean Mae's already good friends with Gregg and Angus and they have each other. Idk. The fact that I'm thinking about this and that I'll miss these characters is a big selling point in my opinion haha.
76561198083333902,Recommended,481510,30765075,Posted: 26 March,all,👻ₛₚₒₒₖy fₒₓ🎃,So good broooooooooo
,Recommended,481510,30814056,Posted: 29 March,all,It's called ground effect,If you like a story rich game with loads of Dialogue this is your game. I enjoyed every moment of it.
,Recommended,481510,30232893,Posted: 27 February,all,SpookiestCat,"This game is like, 95% talking to people, and 5% minigames. It is very good, and if you like talking to people and feeling things you should buy it with your money."
,Recommended,481510,30583536,Posted: 17 March,all,Aqua,love it
76561198051868990,Recommended,481510,30730711,Posted: 25 March,all,Spaghetti™,"I'm gonna start this by saying; this game isn't for everyone. I've seen people praise this game for being a super relatabe game about life. On the other side of the spectrum though, I've seen people trash on this game for being full of dialogue you'd find for free on Tumblr and being a teenagers wet dream for being a rebellious, edgy game.I enjoy this game though, even with its flaws, but before that I want to explain the pros. It's beautiful the animation is smooth and the designs are deceptively simple. The characters are mostly relatable and theres a healthy dosage of well written dialogue. The town, possum springs is great, despite being tiny theres much do do and explore, and tons of little moments that just make you smile, like taking some time to just hang with your dad.I dont want to go too in depth though because I want this to cover why this game is good, but short enough to be interesting.This game has flaws though, the biggest for me being Mae's dialogue. There are times when the choices are just what I would say in the situation, but theres also times where I feel that Mae is being selfish and refusing to take the blame for certain things. The ending just kinda comes out of left field, and the points where you can choose between different speech options theres two radical options with no middle ground. So it's either being a cocky♥♥♥♥♥ or heavy self deprication.All in all, this game is great, it may be a waling sim and confusing towardss the end, but if you enjoy story rich games, you'll love this."
,Recommended,481510,30742494,Posted: 25 March,all,Lord Freed,This game is like wonderful. If you enjoy getting hit by a truck. Made of emotions. And loaded with existential crises.There's also a lot of reading so if you're not really into that you probably won't like it much.
,Recommended,481510,30707958,Posted: 24 March,all,Crab,"Really good, great music, pretty to look at, relatable characters. Only complaints are the platforming dream sequences feeling a bit to long, the overarcing plot not being nearly as good as the character development, and that running through the town everyday to talk to everyone is bit annoying (espically the subway that is mostly empty but dumps you on the other side of the town and makes you have to run back). Also the game has you running from right to left through most sections, which is werid when most platformers are left to right."
76561198068363309,Recommended,481510,30718785,Posted: 24 March,all,Deltalyer,"One of the Best indie games of 2017, 9.8/10."
,Recommended,481510,30671024,Posted: 22 March,all,K. Husky,"Not even finished it yet. But the story is gripping and the soundtrack is one of the best I've heard. Please buy this, do it."
,Recommended,481510,32403792,Posted: 13 June,all,Dusty455,Saw this game recently so I decided to try it out. I fell in love with it the story is so goood. Definitely in my top ten for this year
76561198009798031,Recommended,481510,30333181,Posted: 5 March,all,Clown Vomit くそ,"This game is really comfy and pretty. All the characters are nice, Mae in particular was more relatable than I'd care to admit. The soundtrack is cool and ambient, the art obviously very nice and I like how much hidden content you can easily miss if you aren't looking. Just a really charming, comfy game.Also at the time of writing this review the game has not yet become the next trash fandom, I think this might serve as an interesting time capsule to reminisce on sometime later."
76561198073989225,Recommended,481510,32705492,Posted: 23 June,all,Dank Killer,very nice game
,Recommended,481510,32764269,Posted: 25 June,all,Jovol Ghost Peper,"This game is amazing,Gregg is amazing,Gregg rulz ok."
,Recommended,481510,32784159,Posted: 25 June,all,Dragon,"This is an absolutely marvelous and eye opening game with characters that are very fun and enjoyable to see and learn about as well as a beautiful soundtrack to go with it, Even though I've finished only 1 playthrough of the game I still feel there is more to go back and discover. This is definitely worth a spot in your steam library and instantly becomes my favorite game of 2017 thus far. I do hope there is a sequel or even add on content released in the future because this game has earned my money hands down. 10/10"
76561198154700030,Recommended,481510,30987778,Posted: 6 April,all,Conniptions,"Well, I can say after 50 hours and 4 play throughs this is hands down my new favorite game. The game is filled with incredible relationships and the characters are fantastic, it's also very story rich and dialogue driven. The game mechanics are very simple and easy to learn and the art has a nice charm to it. The soundtrack is also amazing!10/10 Fantastic"
,Recommended,481510,30295438,Posted: 3 March,all,Lefuxk,"I will recommend this game to those who like a game with good story (good dialogues).This game has a creepy and yet cheerful vibe to it (thanks to the artstyle and soundtracks). The soundtracks of this game is fantastic imho. My favourite one is the menu theme (a bit of jazz and mysterious feel to it). Oh btw if you are wonder about the playtime, the game is about 10 hours long (my first playthrough).Pros (+) :Good story/ good writing. (Well written dialogues)Fantastic soundtracks.Simple yet intriguing artstyle.Cons (-) :A bit repetitive if you rush through the game without exploring. (seriously take your time and explore the world).tl;drIf you like story-driven/ narrative-driven game (eg: Oxenfree, Life is Strange). Please consider buying this game!"
76561198064259833,Recommended,481510,32048565,Posted: 29 May,all,Mussolini,got cups on my earsthats a woppahI need more of it
,Recommended,481510,32050596,Posted: 29 May,all,Hypergize,Aesthetic and funny as hell just as much as it is story-rich. Loved it!
76561198047715376,Recommended,481510,32937850,Posted: 28 June,all,Professor Mew,A truly amazing gamebut the loading screens are making me want to ♥♥♥♥ing kill myself
,Recommended,481510,32939017,Posted: 28 June,all,WHy,"Night in the Woods is, to me, not a game but an interactive storybook. The gameplay mechanics are simple, though platforming and the guitar hero segments can be frustrating if you're not good at it, and does add a layer to the story as you wander through the town day after day, and at a point at the end. However, the story and characters are where it really shines. The characters and story stay with you long after you finish the game, and the symbolism and themes present throughout are interesting and worth discussing.10/10, would recommend to anybody who loves a good story, well-rounded characters, and a great soundtrack to play to."
76561198041417928,Recommended,481510,32959440,Posted: 28 June,all,viksworth,"This game is so pure and funny. Highly relatable characters, and has a special place in my heart. I will never get tired of it."
,Recommended,481510,30535241,Posted: 15 March,all,selkie,not worth 20 dollars tbh but its good
,Recommended,481510,32220802,Posted: 6 June,all,PUSSWHACKAH,Pros-basically every effing thingCons-THE BASS BITS TAKE HOURS TO REPLAY PLEASE JUST MAKE THE GAME SAVE RIGHT BEFORE THEM OR AT THEIR START AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
,Recommended,481510,33086876,Posted: 1 July,all,SkreeBat,"This is a great game. Feels like more of a novel than anything else, but besides the amazing stylized visuals, the story and character building really make you think when you get into it.It's a great exploration of a lot of themes, even if some of them are very specific to certain contexts (like small central US cities, which is definitely out of a context I can trully understand), as well as mental health, interpersonal relationships, and even darker themes.Very well made, definitely one of my favorites, and the story writting is my favorite part."
,Recommended,481510,30623903,Posted: 19 March,all,Galaxy,"wow. This game is truly a work of art. I highly recomend picking this game up. Really makes you think and dig deep in your thoughts. A complete masterpiece.  Memorable characters and  great storyline, this will surely remain in my top 3."
,Recommended,481510,30440546,Posted: 10 March,all,novafoxe,"playing through this game was incredibly enjoyable. the characters are well-developed and sincere, the story was clear and easy to follow, and the music and visuals were both astounding. i'll be playing this again soon, and would very earnestly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys artsy indie titles. play nitw!!"
76561197995926915,Recommended,481510,32421249,Posted: 14 June,all,Red Bar,:3c
,Recommended,481510,33055988,Posted: 30 June,all,SolarNarwhale0,I wish there was more art of Boomshell.
,Recommended,481510,30232039,Posted: 27 February,all,Ryanbomber,"A super-atmospheric game that absolutely nails the writing and characters.The platforming started to wear on me by the end, but that was really my only issue."
,Recommended,481510,30176682,Posted: 25 February,all,Frisky Felipe,"So after playing through the game the first time i can say it was worth the wait, but sadly the game left me wanting more.  The game has amazing writing and visuals and the little minigames they added in give the game a charm that i do not see in many games now.  Pick it up if you like story games/walking simulators"
,Recommended,481510,31094033,Posted: 12 April,all,Aphrite,"BUY ITAND YOU WILL LOVE IT+Beautiful artstyle+Brilliant gameplays+Hidden secrets+Amazing character designs+Good plot+Amazing sound tracks-NO TRADING CARDS! NO BADGES! I WANT THEM! I LOVE THIS GAME! GIVE ME TRADING CARDS AND BADGES! GRRRR-The animation between scenes some time gets boring, but the detail of cars and walking made up for itThis is a brilliant game.Beautiful is not enough to describe it.Unlike other fantasy story games, it is a game about a little town, some little guys, you and your friends, on an adventure.At the start I thought it would have been boring just in a little town and having normal events.But this game is a lot more.This game acturally feels alive. All the people, all the small stories, the people in this small town, and how you've grow a connection, a relation ship with them.The poems, the events, your friends, your lovely neighbors, the traveler, the two musician.When you play til the end, talk to everyone, you will find how lovable they are. the are alive, they are not just bland characters inside a game anymore.At the end, you kinda understand the ending, why the old guys wants to keep this town alive, not waiting it crash down in to dust, you understand them."
76561198305257402,Recommended,481510,30252803,Posted: 28 February,all,Slotrounus,"good game. excellent experience, good characters, would reccomendGREGG RULZ OK"
,Recommended,481510,30180526,Posted: 25 February,all,Steeb (tc),"Short version: Made a depressed cat twerk, poked a severed arm with a stick, cried while talking with a pastor about an uncaring god. 10/10Long version:For this kind of genre, good games have engaging stories, fun gameplay, nice music and graphics, relatable characters, and well written dialogue. Great games have all that plus a strong and consistent tone. They set out from the very start to show the player something. This is a great game.Fair warning: This game is not a fast paced one. If you speed through content and don't like exploring and talking to everyone you can, you'll feel like it's short and shallow. You get out what you put in. If on the other hand you take the time to explore, to chew it over, to talk to everyone, you'll love it. If you play games exclusively to feel good and escape boredom, maybe this isn't for you. But if you play games to get something out of a story, to learn a little about yourself, or generally to experience something, it'll feel very rewarding.I'm gonna break this down into a full scale review because it deserves more than just a blurb about how good it is.Pros: Excellent story, characters and theme. Great music. Personal and honest dialogue that will more than likely hurt and empower you personally, and make you feel complex, good, and bad emotions.Cons: Sometimes the swears are a little lacking and out of character, no easy save/reload feature (your choices and mistakes count), and the occasional difficulty in platforming in dim lighting.StoryThis game's magic is in its story and the well written characters. This is a deeply relatable, emotional, honest game. The scenes have a certain real-ness to them more than most games can ever hope for, mostly helped by the converastional language of the characters. It doesn't feel scripted it just feels organic. The only negative on that front is that to maintain a teen rating, the game had to limit its swears, so there's a lot of ""effin"" and mild swears like damn and a couple ♥♥♥♥♥. So that kinda felt a little out of character now and then, but otherwise, it was tone aware. Everyone is a deeply fleshed-out character with their own interests. As the main character, you won't win all the time. As a matter of fact you'll find yourself in situations where you can't make the best of a bad situation at all. But that's good, because this story isn't just about you. It's about a community.This game sets out with a theme, and does it well. The short version is that it's a critique of modern society. In that, it tackles issues of capitalism, social isolation, religion, mental health, poverty, friendship, sexuality, anarchy, environmentalism, war, and defiant hope. Themes that video games, and stories in general really don't often approach well, if at all. Pretty much every scene in the game somehow contributes to this, but does so without coming off forced at all. it's all integrated into the larger whole of the game. Since the theme is pretty broad and far-reaching, you get a lot of different ways of looking at the situation, from the perspectives of all the characters. It's a poignant story that hits close to home no matter who you are.GameplayIt's a solid platformer. It controls a lot like limbo or other side scrolling adventure games. There's no real major obstacles or deathtraps, but there are some kinda tricky jumps you might need to do a few times to get right. The platformer thing isn't really the game itself to be honest, it's more the way you get from point A to point B. It could just as easily have been a visual novel or a grid based rpg, but it would have lost some of its charm of exploring the town.There's a lot of minigames, ranging from guitar hero esque, to a stationary worms tank minigame, to a fully built souls-series-hyper-light-drifter thing that easily could have been a standalone game on its own. All the minigames control well, but they're pretty tough and there's no easy reload button besides force-quitting. None of them are exactly mandatory though so don't feel pressured unless you want all the achievements.Graphicsit's layers of pretty stylized shapes and incredibly well animated characters. Subtleties in movement and expression help the dialogue too. The lighting and palette are beautiful, and the mood is carried by the graphics well. I can't say too much about the graphics except that they're pretty and fit the theme and mood. My only criticism of the game is in the graphics though, that the lighting in a few of the scenes was a tad dark for my monitor to differ between ground and background so I found myself guessing at where platforms were every now and then, but it was never enough to inconvenience me, and I could have adjusted my monitor for the effort of it.SoundI need the soundtrack. It's moody, atmospheric, happy, unnerving, rocking, and fun. It covers a ton of ground with the soundtrack to fit the many moods and emotions. Looking forward to the OST.Time:11 hours to play through the first time. To get to some of the stuff you'll have to do multiple playthroughs. There's no proper save and reload function. Your choices stick and that's for the best imo. Unfortunately that means getting some achievements would take a disproportionate time investment, but so does dark souls, so whatever.Overall: If you like games that make you feel things, if you like stories relevant to the present, if you don't want to feel like a badass, but just want to feel... ironically human, this is for you."
,Recommended,481510,31148354,Posted: 14 April,all,NinaEevee,"Man, this game. The dialogue feels more real than any other game I've ever experienced, and I was able to quickly connect with the main character and her experiences, and even more when the player is given more information on what's going on in her head.The visuals and the soundtrack in this game are just amazing, I have no other words to describe them. I found myself staring at screencaps for a long time and I've been listening to the soundtrack for days.It seems to me that I'm not the intended audience for this game, that maybe I'm a little too young to really experience it to its fullest, and yet I was able to enjoy it a whole lot and it is now one of my favorite games. As a queer person, I have to say that the queer represetation in Night in the Woods was what originaly intrested me in it, and man, did it deliver. You can't escape from the gays!The side characters are also amazing and very likeable, though it does take some work to get all the interactions possible in a day.It's the kind of game that leaves you thinking about it for days after you finish playing.The only thing I didn't like was the ending. It felt like it came out of nowhere, with no foreshadowing for it even though I played the game knowing it was going to happen and looking for any signs. There was NOTHING and it was just a mess, they could've worked more on it. But besides that, it's a great game, absolutely buy it!Gregg rulz ok?"
,Recommended,481510,30988171,Posted: 6 April,all,smeding ☭,Best story game I've ever played.
76561198128803658,Recommended,481510,30627215,Posted: 19 March,all,chasity.nichole,"The promotional material and trailers don't do justice to how meaningful and relateable this game is and I would recommend it for anyone who enjoys great characters and a good story. Character development is huge in this game, maybe even more than the plot, and I enjoyed learning about the characters and exploring their worlds and seeing the growth in the main character from an immature kid basically to a young adult as she becomes more aware but seems to retain what makes her Mae. The puzzles are easy but really fun. I'm on my second play through and still finding out more about the characters and exploring parts of the city i didn't get to in the first play through. just taking in every little bit I can find. Explore thoroughly, talk to everyone, exhaust talk options; you learn more and more and a greater picture is painted of this little dying town. This is honestly one of the best story driven games that I have ever played and I wish I could get everyone to play."
,Recommended,481510,30503595,Posted: 14 March,all,TriMara,"My only complaint of the game so far is i wish i could practice the guitar portions as failing sucks and reloading a save before every practice is hella annoying. That being said even than my only real complaints of this entire game are little more than (admittedly) nit picking.The MC's movements are fun and bouncy, every movement flows, every thing you step on reacts to you presence, the sound design is enchanting and everything about all the little things only draws you deeper into the character of the game and the characters in the game.The story telling and pacing is wonderful and every character feels real and alive, with history and depth to everyone. Even the words have character as they shake when the character speaking them is nervous, bounce when they are happy, etc.All and all its oozing with a distinct and fun style that is almost as entertaining as the actual game and story and i found myself just bouncing around the town, hopping from tree to car to mailbox and enjoying doing nothing.Wonderfully enchanting game, highly recommend it."
,Recommended,481510,31144373,Posted: 14 April,all,Thanks Purge,"In 11 hours, I have became emotionally attached to this game."
,Recommended,481510,30933035,Posted: 3 April,all,Majestic Flapflap,"This is the best game I've played in a while. The characters seemed so real and I loved all of them, even the most minor ones."
,Recommended,481510,30992341,Posted: 6 April,all,?JIMMY?,A game about crimes.
,Recommended,481510,30092037,Posted: 21 February,all,BD_Fire,"The game is good but not that deep in the gameplay department. Dont get me wrong there is a ton of interactive elements in this game, but for me it feels a little like a visual novel. So expect lots of reading. Now I'm okay with that, but others might not be. As far as the story goes it's pretty gripping. My first go with it, I played for 4 hours. It had me laughing out loud at some parts and questioning my own life choices for others. Expect drama for sure."
,Recommended,481510,30113644,Posted: 22 February,all,Get Spooked,Best rythm game 2017
,Recommended,481510,30181322,Posted: 25 February,all,silvering,"This game had basically everything for me. It gave me shivers, it got me to shed a tear, I laughed a lot, I DID scream or I just sat and enjoyed the music. even the little branches behind me when I ran, it was amazing.Bea has some real willpower, and Angus surprised face is the best. Gregg screaming, Mae dancing.I wished I could replay the band songs though, they were great and I loved holding my keyboard like a bass.10/10 would secret handshake with hot bear again."
,Recommended,481510,30112131,Posted: 22 February,all,Drewfus,"I... just buy it. There's not much I can say that wouldn't spoil it. It's just best to go in blind with these games.Tenouttaten, would totally reccomend to anybody."
,Recommended,481510,30825628,Posted: 29 March,all,♪ AssassinThunder ♪,"Night In The Woods is a fun, adventure game that i've ever played. The game is depressing in my opinion, but it has some comedy at some events and dialogues. The characters are really lovable and expresses their personality that brings them to life. This game also brings reality into this because of the scenes the games has, which I will not spoil. It's such an amazing experience. Too bad there's no one to talk to about it :( I recommend playing it before the internet spoils it.Btw, Gregg rulz ok?"
76561198057099826,Recommended,481510,31072935,Posted: 10 April,all,Everything Sucks,"This game is like a childrens book about how ♥♥♥♥♥♥ life is, It's amazing, fun, and cute, as well as deep, sad, and intense. The story, platforming, puzzle, and... rather indie/original? gameplay all blend together in an artful and coheasive way. everything in the game was done right and this game is the first game I've ever been able to say has nothing that bugs me enough to lower the score from perfect. the only complaint I have is that it had to end."
76561198063220963,Recommended,481510,30237279,Posted: 28 February,all,TheLaggyFox,"This game has been such a delight to me, Never realised I'll Be playing this kind of game or even wring a review! Its amazing in every little way, yes some things (not bugs) can be worked out in the game, love the options as each choice leads to a new scene."
76561198006024348,Recommended,481510,30290499,Posted: 2 March,all,Auric the White,"Remarkably well written, and frighteningly on point if you ever lived in a small town like Possum Springs.  Tread carefully, the writing is utterly savage at points, especially is you find yourself really relating to a lot of the themes the game brings up.You're here for characters, who are so well fleshed out, you probly knew some of them at some point in school.   But another of the games strongest points is simply the atmosphere it sets up, often times with so much tension that its nearly suffocating.Its a great, enriching experience, well worth the price of admission."
76561198089138842,Recommended,481510,30288538,Posted: 2 March,all,Questionbird,"Beautiful game, lovable characters and some of the most natural feeling dialogue i've ever experienced in a game."
76561198028494830,Recommended,481510,33422336,Posted: 9 July,all,meritone,"Man, this game.  If you're like a 20 something and worried about life, play this game.  You won't regret it."
,Recommended,481510,30173211,Posted: 25 February,all,Kligan,"Just finished the game... Wow! What a ride!Although definitely not without some flaws, this game.. made me smile, made me feel! And that's worth a lot in my book!While being slow-paced, which might be a negative thing for some people, NITW was an experience filled with characters and their stories, exceptional art and incredible music.I'm not gonna go through ""pros"" or ""cons"", or technical aspects and whatever else... I'm writing this review based on what feelings i've been left with after credits rolled. Those are good feeling and well worth all the time I spend playing!"
,Recommended,481510,30163800,Posted: 25 February,all,notvianbutstill,NITW became one of my favourite games and I knew i's gonna happen as soon as I started playing it. maybe its just that I'm an edgy young adult myself so I felt related lolalso demontower guys. demontowerrrrr10 pizza crunches/10
76561198106072419,Recommended,481510,30168123,Posted: 25 February,all,Helvius (Coco),"Night in the woods... the story feels like a graphic novel of 1000 pages shoved together into a few hours absolutely perfectly. This is one of the only story driven games I have ever had a proper affection for. The relatability to the characters in this game is unreal. The conversations witty and absorbing, the art style, simple but beautiful and smooth. In retrospect. This game has alot of life lessons to give. Admittedly its in a way changed my perspective a little on the hardships in life. As weird as it is to say about a game.All in all. I highly recommend this game. It made me smile. It made me sad. And It made me scared. All tightly knit into a perfect story. If anyone out there wants a game with charm, especially for wasting time. This is your game right here."
,Recommended,481510,30176121,Posted: 25 February,all,Bill Murray in Space Jam,"i can't possibly put into words how much this game has affected me. please, please do try it out. night in the woods shares an incredible story in a very incredible way."
76561198322015839,Recommended,481510,30206101,Posted: 26 February,all,LordofthePlies,Awesome game. A bit short I beat it all in one sitting about 6 hours I was completely entransed by the characters and the deep emotions each of them are experiencing. So much to relate to in this game it is unreal. I am going to try and stay away for a while to try and forget some of the game but I am already looking forward to my second playthrough. This is a game that will stick with you forever if you are able to identify with the struggles that the main characters are going through.
,Recommended,481510,30231566,Posted: 27 February,all,Strex,An amazing coming of age story that oozes style and charm.  Some of the most realistically written characters I've come across in gaming.  Full recommendations gregg rulz ok #crimes
,Recommended,481510,30579746,Posted: 17 March,all,(((Bird))),"GREGG RULZ, OK!! 11/10"
,Recommended,481510,30351252,Posted: 5 March,all,McFrugal,"Pretty cool game.  Story-heavy, has minigames and a great sense of humor."
,Recommended,481510,30352184,Posted: 5 March,all,I'm an Octopus,"This game is beautiful in a way that makes you ask questions about yourself. The characters make you love them, the story is relatable and immersive, and the gameplay was unique enough to keep me intrigued. Prepare for enormous charm followed by abrupt intensity."
,Recommended,481510,30363850,Posted: 6 March,all,Nobod_E,"As long as you understand that this game is hevely story-based, you will greatly enjoy it. The gameplay itself is a collection of minigames and some mediocre platforming. However, the writing and story is fantastic and compelling."
,Recommended,481510,30339552,Posted: 5 March,all,Spartan X025,This F#@*+g Game made me reflect on my life. Good stuff.
76561198011435488,Recommended,481510,30334555,Posted: 5 March,all,Nyx,"Whether you will enjoy this game really boils down to whether you enjoy the story (and whether you enjoy this type of game in general).If I were to compare it to another game, it would definitely be Oxenfree. One major difference is, in this game dialogue options feel a lot less impactful. You don't really decide personality of the protagonist, the writers for the most part do it for you. So that's for the most part just flavor.Second difference is, slice of life to thriller ratio is skewed towards the former pretty drastically. Most of the 9 hours it took me to finish the game the first time was spent running around the town, speaking to all the characters that I could, as well as finding all the cool secrets that I could.There's actually quite a lot you can find here, and the scenery can be very beautiful to look at in an of itself. This does, however, lead to the ""check in"" syndrome, where you have to run around the whole town every day, visiting the same places and characters over and over just so you don't miss anything. Of course, you don't have to, but you will miss out on some of the content.There are also some platforming elements, but they're not too advanced, it just provides a nice change of pace occasionally.The meat of the game and the main reason you want to get it are the characters. Even the sort of main story arc is supportive here. The game is really all about interacting with the characters, and boy is it fun. Don't let the cute animal appearance fool you, the people in this game feel very real, to the point where I legit knew the person just like that in real life. At the same time they're not just stereotypes. They have their problems and worries you might not see coming, and the protagonist herself isn't always good at handling that.Really it's worth getting this game just for those interactions, even if you don't care about the little things in the world, even if you just want to rush through the main storyline, I think it's worth it.Oh, and it will take you at least 2 playthroughs to get everything in that main storyline anyways."
,Recommended,481510,30349542,Posted: 5 March,all,Lain,"nice visuals/animation, well-written characters and is a ""life in a small town simulator"" (think Life is Strange: Animal Edition and they hired M. Night Shyamalan to write the ending.)RECCOMENDED: if you're into visually appealing, narrative heavy games, eavesdropping on townsfolk and walking/jumping alot for no specific reason other than you can.NOT RECCOMENDED: if you don't like interactive story games that have a bunch of random mini-games to make up for the lack of actual game play."
76561198002643820,Recommended,481510,30331574,Posted: 4 March,all,Firefang,I bought Torment: Tides of Numenera and this on the same day. This won my attention until it was complete.
76561198152129467,Recommended,481510,30332754,Posted: 5 March,all,Mavix21,"I love this game, it is phenominal.  The art style is awesome, music is great, and the characters are believable with real emotions.  I like how the game is about dealing with change in our lives, for better or worse.  It reminds me of one of my friends.  She is very similar to Mae and I basically am Gregg.  She's been going through difficult times, trouble at school, and she seems to have trouble growing up. But I have stayed friends with her even though many people don't talk to her anymore.  This game is shockingly similar to me and my friend.      Gregg is my favorite character because i relate so much to him.  I have a really strong connection to this game.  To the developers, you have done a great job making this game and the story.  The characters don't feel fake and really make you  feel like you know them.  Overall I love it. It is now my 2nd favortie game of all  time, right behind Uncharted 2.  Developers, if you can, please make a sequel or a prequel (preferably with Gregg in it because he's is awesome)."
,Recommended,481510,30300194,Posted: 3 March,all,[FDhy ۞] HerbyHerb,"""Night in the Woods"" is a beautifully made game, with great characters, lovely asthetic and a fantastic plot (Not to mention the soundtrack). The comedy is light but likeable, and there is such a great mix of mini games and occurances that take it beyond just your usual story centric game.All in all, the game is  definitely worth the money if you're looking for a great story game, with a narrative similar to the likes of ""Life is Strange"" and maybe even ""Stranger Things"" with a top-notch art direction to boot."
,Recommended,481510,31109017,Posted: 12 April,all,Midnight™,"I cannot recommend this game more. It has quickly become one of my favorites of all time. Excellent writing, great characters, flawless dialog and interesting game mechanics on top of a wonderful art style in an extremely down-to-earth setting all make for a masterpiece of a narrative game. Go play this now!"
,Recommended,481510,30283214,Posted: 2 March,all,Crow-stopholis,"Gregg Rulez, ok?"
76561198073202571,Recommended,481510,30190163,Posted: 26 February,all,Lulu,"There's been a lot of story rich adventure games with excellent directions like Firewatch, Oxenfree or Life is Strange.If you liked any of them, Night in the Woods is like a delicious cocktail of the best parts of each. Don't let the artstyle fool you, it's a serious game that dares to touch on real life issues most games do not.Think Undertale, but grounded and far more feelsy. Just do yourself a favor and buy it already yo."
76561198157733220,Recommended,481510,30286611,Posted: 2 March,all,Beggattron,"I don't even know how to descirbe this game.It is an incredible journey and it sucked me in like no other game I played lately.Easy 10/10(Can confrim: Gregg rulez, ok)"
76561197980815170,Recommended,481510,30376566,Posted: 7 March,all,Dawoc,"While I think calling this the next Undertale is an exaggeration, I would definitely recommend that anyone who enjoyed Undertale for its characters give this game a playthrough, as the characters and their story arcs are by far the best thing about Night in the Woods. The developers have really done a great job of making the game's cast of characters believable and relatable, despite being a group of anthropomorphic cartoon animals. This is really where the game shines.However, unlike Undertale, there isn't much in the way of an epic storyline and mind-blowing plot twists. So, if you go into the game expecting that kind of experience, you'll probably end up a little disappointed. Now, that's not to say there isn't an overarching story with any kind of twist at all, there certainly is, but just isn't on the same level as Undertale, and it's definitely not the focus. Like many others have already written, this is a game about characters - and that's something this game does really well.Give it a try. If you're unsure, I'd recommend waiting 'till the next sale and try it then."
,Recommended,481510,30103228,Posted: 22 February,all,theseanmullins,"I was only able to put in 2 hours so far but I have immediately fell in love with this game. I almost feel as if this game were about me! I can already relate to Mae and her friends. The developers must be from a small coal town because they hit the nail on the head with the atmosphere and small town ""delight"". The artwork, the soundtrack, the witty comments from the characters are all fantastic. So far, I highly recommend Night in the woods."
76561198066728191,Recommended,481510,31597645,Posted: 6 May,all,☩Teutonic Toren☩,"Connected with me to a point i nearly cried, still pretty traumatized. I wish this game would get a sequal but kind of dont, just wish it was longer, takes about 8 hours to play through once, very emotional, i never wanted the game to end, but i know thats kinda hard to do, because even though they are living and relatable characters they are just shapes, loveable and retalting shapes, please give me more game, I need it and so do these other fans. Sorry i sound like an annoying fandom nerd, i hate fandoms, especialy for games like this, now go, play this game before the fandom makes you resent it."
,Recommended,481510,31813612,Posted: 17 May,all,YES YES YES,"seems like games nowadays are getting better at bamboozlesI don't know if my brain is messed up, but I enjoyed this game way more than other games like Metal Gear Solid 3."
76561198350127884,Recommended,481510,31815604,Posted: 17 May,all,gandi,ok night in the woods is a game that has helped me get passed hard times and has become my favriote game if you feel like the world around you has a repeat or your never changing like me you need this game
76561197970334749,Recommended,481510,30624947,Posted: 19 March,all,Scutellaris,One of the best works of fiction I've come across in a long time.
,Recommended,481510,30348399,Posted: 5 March,all,Alpha62,"Now before I start saying why you should get this game, let me say first that if you don't like heavily story based games, then stay away from this one. There is not a lot of actual game play besides walking around, and some mini games here and there.This game. This game is probably one of the best games I have played. The character develpment is flawless, the art style is amazing, the soundtrack is perfect, the story is epic, and it's just all around amazing. I have not felt so emotional when a game ended than with this one. Not only did the story make me almost cry, it was like watching the final episode of a TV series. I didn't want it to end. I sincerely hope that there will be a sequal to this game, and that it is just as good, if not better, as this one."
76561198013013881,Recommended,481510,31764890,Posted: 15 May,all,Zukio,"When I stumbled upon this game I thought it would be a cute, quirky little game that I would beat in maybe 7 or 8 hours. I was both right and wrong.Night in the Woods allows you to decide how much you want to do each day and gives you more control over the plot than most other games I've seen. One day you'll be running across town getting prepped for band practice and another you'll have spent over an hour talking to random people you were interested in on the street.While some days will feel monotonous at times, the actual things you do each day can vary greatly, if you go looking for it. You’ll find yourself breaking into abandoned stores, flirting with clerks, and having to ask a friend to help your virus riddled laptop and not really be able to say that it was the weirdest thing you’ve done during the game. Each portion of each day has so many fun conversations and jokes packed in I found myself smiling for the majority of the game. However, the game isn’t a lighthearted tale of a young delinquent’s journey through life. Topics of loss, financial woes, mental disorders, and even the death of small towns and the middle class are brought up at various points. Though the game can be somber, it never felt depressing or preachy. It brings up these topics, not to try to educate you about them or offer solutions, but because these things are a part of everyday life for people.The game is extremely replayable, as once you beat it you’ll come back to this page and see that there were things you missed. You’ll have to play twice anyway if you want to see the difference between the endings for the two potential besties you can have. Gregg, the energetic, lovable fox, who likes to throw lightbulbs and various other objects at you, as long as you have a baseball bat, and Bea, the snarky, but caring crocodile, who can play amazing drum tracks… on her computer. There are plenty of other people you meet in town and within the friend group who will honestly remind you of people you know and probably care about.This game has so many events, activities, and interesting characters that the story has a tough time trying to stand out, but it is an interesting tale. You’ll be given clues as to the overall story around the beginning but will spend about 3-4 hours in game hanging out with family, townies and friends before you and the game remembers that little detail.The downside of the game is the cast if you cannot stand millennials. Otherwise it is the lack of a save system, as you will want to replay the game but have to start from the very beginning after beating the game each time.While Night in the Woods is single player, it is also fun to have friends go through the experience with you, both to bounce theories about the plot with each other and to be able to quote memorable moments with each other later. Playing Night in the Woods feels like hanging out with friends or just spending a lazy weekend hanging out in town, until the main plot arrives. Overall it is an enjoyable experience and I recommend it to anyone interested in story or character driven narratives. The first playthrough I took close to ten hours, but my second playthrough took 15 hours once I saw how much I had missed. Take your time with this game and enjoy your time in Possum Springs. This is a game where you’re going to want to make it last.TLDR: Cool game, fun and replayable! Gregg Rules! OK!"
,Recommended,481510,31976720,Posted: 26 May,all,John,Great atmosphere and depth. Feels like a mix of Twin Peaks and Donnie Darko.
76561198277804074,Recommended,481510,30272055,Posted: 1 March,all,Cait0422,"I like it. A lot. Wow. The game has comedy and some real fun times. At points there stand stuff to laugh at, be terrified for Mae. The game has great story and characters.I do recommend this game if you are interested in the info. I like lotz.-Gregg Rulz Ok"
,Recommended,481510,32089855,Posted: 31 May,all,Nona,"A fantastic narrative game, which really resonated with me.Extra points for a truly nuanced and genuine handling of the kind of mental health issues which don't often receive much attention. I'm glad this game exists.Probably not going to be fulfilling if you're looking for complex gameplay, but a must-have for fans of intensely character driven narratives."
,Recommended,481510,32426825,Posted: 14 June,all,Napping,"amazing story and a cute looking game, i like it."
,Recommended,481510,31614009,Posted: 7 May,all,Blackheal,Cute graphicsAwesome storytellingOne hell of a Soundtrack10/10 would play again!
,Recommended,481510,31761116,Posted: 14 May,all,Felix The Genocidal Zoroark,"This is a game that I knew from the first time I saw it that I was going to love it. The characters, the story, the world, everything about this game is amazing. I talked to everyone I could everyday. The ending of this game scared me more than any horror I've played. I definitely recommend this game even if you aren't into games like this, it will be very worth your time."
76561198146207274,Recommended,481510,30322925,Posted: 4 March,all,Mauri,"I'm gonna join the long list of recommenders for this game. If it interests you even a little, buy it. Just do it, it's amazing! There's _so_much_ to explore. I've played 11 hours now and I just started epilogue. I'm already planning on playing it again and EXPLORING EVEN MORE!This game is funny, the dialogue feels real and there's some amazing humor, comebacks and insults in there. It also deals with some real♥♥♥♥♥♥about growing up and being an adult that really hit home for me.And it has Greggg. Gregg rules, ok?"
76561198129084989,Recommended,481510,31193723,Posted: 16 April,all,rootedinvanity,"Hands down, Game. Of. The Year.I can't even begin to describe how strongly I feel towards this game, which is a vivid illustration of what could honestly be anyone's life. Though the overarching plot doesn't really develop until much later, it wasn't something I was actively seeking out because I was so drawn in by how Mae interacts with her world and the people who live in it. And the friendship between herself, Gregg, Angus, and Bea? Is an absolute treasure. I found myself tearing up while following the dialogue from time to time because plenty of it just hits home. Rarely does a game provide such a stunning reflection of real life, and Night in the Woods does it so, so well."
,Recommended,481510,31204092,Posted: 17 April,all,DartTimeTime,"One of the best games  I've ever played. I normally play AAA titles. Witcher 3, Battlefield 4, Overwatch, and the like. This proves that a game with a big impact dosen't need a big budget.The characters are very human (somewhat ironically, since they're all animals.) and likable. The story is wonderful. I'd characterize it as Gravity Falls mixed with Animal Crossing, with just a splash of earthbonud, all of which I really like. 10/10 will play many times."
,Recommended,481510,32520774,Posted: 17 June,all,Haunted Toof,"Wow. I don't usually do reviews but I've been really looking forward to playing this since I saw it on kickstarter awhile back. I just finished up with my first playthrough and I am definitely impressed. 10/10. Beautiful. Art is great. Characters are great. Story is great. Meaning is great.While the ending is really up for interpretation and speculation, the game at it's core is about life and some of the hardships most of us face while going through the transitions of ""growing up"" and accepting/adapting to change. I really love that it touched on issues that so many young people in the world right now are dealing with; mental illnesses, facing reality, poverty, isolation, forced responsibility and just the general fear that comes with maturing.The characters are all unique, lovable and feel so real. I also really appreciated how they added in a few LGBT characters with realistic portrayals. You really get to learn about the town and it's residents along with the frustrations and fears that they face. It all feels so real. Mae, the protagonist kitteh is probably one of the most raw and relatable main characters I've seen in any game as of late. Her life is a complete mess yet she slowly learns how to navigate through it although everything and everyone around her has changed. I can relate to Mae 100% on almost every level it's not even funny. Mae is my spirit animal. Overall, GREAT GAME! <3"
76561198008644492,Recommended,481510,32553217,Posted: 18 June,all,mattzilla14,"Very high quality storytelling and writing, the characters felt relatable and genuine which resulted in them inducing a lot of strong emotions. The aesthetic was very nice and worked in hand with the story telling to give a very immersive feel to the major events in the story. However as a minor downside there is a relatively limited amount of gameplay and puzzles which results in it feeling a little more like a fantastic visual novel than an adventure game."
76561198353880958,Recommended,481510,32554245,Posted: 18 June,all,bumbumcumcum,"one of the best games i have ever played.but may be boring to some people due to the mass amount of dialougue and lack of gameplay.but if you love music, art, and story in a video game this game is for you"
76561198255001092,Recommended,481510,32556138,Posted: 18 June,all,Mr.Wobbles,good game really cool
,Recommended,481510,31314925,Posted: 23 April,all,Smug,"I decided this is my favourite game ever, which counts for something since im normally pretty critical about games. That doesn't mean you will like it though, it was just that this game struck a very personal cord with me."
,Recommended,481510,31368036,Posted: 25 April,all,Leiton,"This is probably going to be the most back-and-forth review you'll see for this game that isn't outright negative.First off, I want to point out: I have completed everything possible within this game, 100%, in 26 hours of gameplay. There was no speedrunning in any of that, I took my time, made friends with everyone, saw all scenes and dialogue, and did as much as can be done. So I *barely* met my requirement of $1/hour of ""worth.""Secondly, I want to point out: This game is a Slice of Life game. It is not built to be a puzzle, or complicated, or require some kind of incredibly awesome gameplay skillz. If you don't like games that expect you to feel connections to characters based on similar circumstances or feelings, then this isn't the game for you.Now, I'll start off with the positives.-Soundtrack. I will complain endlessly about the third band practice, because I was really disappointed with the song. Just didn't fit with the other two songs. Every other song in the soundtrack? Absolutely perfect.-Writing. Even the characters I dislike or hate, I hate the *character* instead of the writing. The main character especially, I hated her. But when taking into account the mindset of wanting to go back to what was comfortable, she was written perfectly. Nothing seems artificial, nothing is overly dramatic or over the top (except Mae's awful personality). The drama isn't the kind you can hate, because it's realistic and settles just as quickly.-Realism. I don't personally live in the Rust Belt. But I've lived in places similar, and have friends in the Rust Belt. Everything, down to the ending, all makes sense within that type of area. As stated above, even the drama and rivalries - even down to the ""this isn't settled, but this character just wouldn't want to deal with it"" bits - are written in a way that are perfectly believable. Unrealistic behaviour tends to pull the immersion from Slice of Life games, and this game stays within comfortable boundaries.-Side Characters. There are several people that you can interact with and become friends with throughout the game. Each of them have their own quirks and personalities, without being one-dimensional. People have their ups and downs, people have secrets. Gregg/Angus and Bea's storylines are both fantastic, albeit both of them just futhered instilled my dislike of Mae. There are also a few side characters that you can befriend throughout the game, who are just as interesting, and I never felt that going to chat with them was a chore.Neutral-Graphics. I'm not overly picky on graphics, but this game isn't an eye-sore at the very least. It's not gorgeous, the animations are silly at times. They are adequate.-Gameplay. There are *some* instances of gameplay, namely in the two minigames. The first is part of the story, but your actual ability doesn't matter. The second is entirely optional, albeit required for a few achievements. The first works just fine, though there are some issues with the optional minigame.-Main Character. I wouldn't normally say anything about the main character, but I will here. If you suffer from chronic existential crises, or perpetual ""never matured beyond the age of 15,"" then you will probably connect very deeply with how Mae acts. I personally felt little to no connections with her, so the entire game I felt as though I was playing as the least enjoyable character. She is *very* well-written, don't get me wrong. Just extremely immature.Negative-Plot. The main plot is split fairly equally into three parts. The mystery, Mae's existential crises, and Mae trying to figure out ""what now."" Well, all of those plots constantly go back and forth, disappear at times, and all are abruptly solved at the end with a ""well I guess this is it."" It feels rushed and sloppy, and was rather disappointing after having such a good time with all of the side plots.-Demon Tower. Stupid unbalanced bullsh*t. The ""stunned"" frames last exactly as many frames as the enemy's attack animations, so if you get hit once you're likely going to have trouble recovering. Yes, I beat Demon Tower after learning to just spam dash-attacks on everything and time it properly. Practising that, however, was a pain in the tush.-Third Band Practice Song. Come ooooooooon Die Anywhere Else and Weird Autumn were fantastic, and then we get some random effing screamo? Personal opinion, I know, but I was so hyped for a great third song, only to get stuck with that atrocity.There is a lot that I loved about this, and a lot that I didn't like so much. The plot issues are *major* issues to me, but there were a ton of little things that mostly made up for them. It's hard not to recommend it, but I still feel a little dirty about it.TL;DR - Buy the game on sale and it'll be worth, as long as you're not expecting anything challenging or complicated."
76561198321707689,Recommended,481510,31366976,Posted: 25 April,all,jayebird,A really charming game!
76561198125963383,Recommended,481510,31346510,Posted: 24 April,all,KingRudolf,"Very good game, fun to play with pretty graphics and a cool story"
,Recommended,481510,31193256,Posted: 16 April,all,Kyro Len,"Lovable characters, great art-style, cool little mini-games (DEMONTOWER!). Loved it more than I would've thought."
76561198189999342,Recommended,481510,30574891,Posted: 17 March,all,[P-00] Nigel  Approved,THIS GAME IS TRUMP APPROVEDIn all seriousness though i enjoyed the game.This is an incredible game that demonstrates in full detail the real life struggles of depression and mental disorders. As this game progresses you feel for these characters as if they were real. Each one has a very interesting story to tell. It brings  a lot of  new perspectives on ourselves and society.  The game also had a great sound track to boot my favorite peraphs being the demon tower opening theme. I enjoyed demon tower itself as well. My only real regrets of the game is that it ended to early. As if a chapter was missing or something. Without spoiling anything this game leaves more questions than answers. This is especially the case during the climax. I believe however this was intentional as i believe the game opened itself up for a sequel of some sort.anyway great game would recommend it. It takes about 8-10 hours to complete on first run and about 20 hours as a whole. I 'd give it a 9/10.
76561198272565047,Recommended,481510,31191170,Posted: 16 April,all,andykin6,it has a beautiful art style has a lot of charming charaters. really enjoyable. if you like story games you will really enjoy this game. also the musics great.
76561198062236589,Recommended,481510,32240292,Posted: 7 June,all,gregg rulz ok,"This game is, hands down, one of the best I've ever played. It's heartbreaking in its simplicity, and you end up knowing the characters so intimately that they feel like friends. For a disillusioned youth, this game is like looking into a mirror. Or perhaps a crystal ball, depending on where you are in your life. For anyone who's staying behind while life moves on around you, for anyone who has lost their direction, for anyone coming to grips with your own personal apostasy, this game is a love letter to you."
76561197961908838,Recommended,481510,32225900,Posted: 6 June,all,Zander,REally like the first half of the game but not digging the sec half and also don't like you need to play it more then once to get everything when they could have just made a you do everything ... in one play thought very easy if they wanted to
76561198040634048,Recommended,481510,30566031,Posted: 17 March,all,mjercos,"Where this game really shines is the characters. Simply put, they just seem REAL, to the point where it's less like interacting with a virtual character and more like holding a conversation with an actual person.They are so well crafted that I found myself connecting with them on a deeper level than I do with a lot of real, living people.When everything was said and done, and I had finished the game, I actually hesitated when I was going to push the exit button. It felt like I was saying goodbye to good friends.The amazing characters, in combination with the quality, though rather unusual story, and a wonderful, heavily built world, makes for an excellent game that may hit very close to home for a lot of people."
,Recommended,481510,32403029,Posted: 13 June,all,Ryface,"It feels like if Twin Peaks and Scott Pilgrim had a baby and that baby was a furry who's into millenial existential dread, socialism, bad garage metal bands, and astronomy.I wish I could go back in time to before I played this game so I could experience it for the first time all over again."
76561198035616773,Recommended,481510,32403422,Posted: 13 June,all,The Great Cornholio,Waiting for a sequel or something! good game!
,Recommended,481510,30156036,Posted: 24 February,all,Lotta,"I really liked the visuals, the story and the music"
76561198080748212,Recommended,481510,32836029,Posted: 26 June,all,Tmoney,Didn't think I'd enjoy the game as much as I ended up having. The story kept me engaged combined with the aspect of choice. Great pick up!
76561198311597237,Recommended,481510,31148519,Posted: 14 April,all,alissyaxo,"LOVE this game! Story is interesting and the characters are so funny and act real, and the controls are easy to handle as well."
,Recommended,481510,30465572,Posted: 12 March,all,BIG SCREAM,"I love Mae ""Go legally brain dead from lack of oxygen due to choking on my♥♥♥♥♥"" Borowski."
76561198176174397,Recommended,481510,32926234,Posted: 28 June,all,Dr. Gay,"Fandom, please don't ruin the game."
76561198060511303,Recommended,481510,30211270,Posted: 26 February,all,Sack Attack,A-Mae-zing game.
,Recommended,481510,32598489,Posted: 20 June,all,ChronosTC,"Night in the Woods is undeniably my favorite game of 2017.It is an experience that will leave you wanting more.The story and the characters are simply amazing, and aided by a beautiful soundtrack. They feel alive, they feel human. The topics and problems that they discuss with eachother hit pretty close to home. The main character, Mae Borowski, is a 20 year old College dropout who returns to her small hometown of Possum Springs. In the time she was gone, it had changed. Everything had changed, from the town itself to the people.Personally one thing that I found especially hit close to home were the various stuff and problems that Mae brought up. As someone currently in highschool, I know that I'm gradually getting more responsibilities thrusted onto me no matter how much I'd love for life to just stay aimless and carefree. That's not possible unfortunately. I personally feel that Mae is a great character whom people can connect with for various reasons. Another thing that I love with the game is the simple fact that you aren't Mae. You aren't truly controlling her. You're just guiding her and her actions.There were many times that I was going ""WHAT ARE YOU DOING?"" as I read what Mae was saying. There were many times I found myself loving how snarky Mae is. And even more times I found myself enjoying how Mae can get truly compassionate and supportive with other characters once she gets serious.Even with the things to do in the game around the story, there are various side things to do around the town. You could converse with her old teacher, listen to poets, or just explore. Even if you have to do the story, there is a large amount of things to do and you won't discover all of it in a single playthrough. If you want every achievement, you'll need to put time into it. At least three playthroughs. Personally I am not going back to obsessively hunt for achievements, this game is amazing and I am leaving it out of my achievement hunts.Night in the Woods isn't just another bland game of today's industry.It is an experience.You will not regret the $20 for this game with its amazing story and characters."
,Recommended,481510,33530006,Posted: 13 July,all,King Baddabing,"A really great game that captures the black, clawlike, heart stilling and everpresent pressures of being a shiftless worthless millenial."
,Recommended,481510,33427093,Posted: 10 July,all,lauren.buangan,"This game is what it promises to be, plus a few extra surprises. It's got wonderful dialogue, unique characters, and really lovely animation. Most of all, I found it to be very sincere. I've recommended this game to any young person in a transitionary stage of their lives."
,Recommended,481510,33322512,Posted: 6 July,all,Not Legato,"If you're into sort of a nostalgic coming of age story with this romantic view of suburbia, witty and honestly, extremely poignant interactions between characters and things, there's little you won't find here.Much of the game is finding characters to talk to and things to comment on, over and over, in slightly varying spots, with various activities as the overarching story progresses somewhat slowly, so you need to be able to really immerse yourself in the world to enjoy it. Patient character-building is the name of the game.Without spoiling, the story surprised me in more ways than one, and at the end, this has become possibly my favourite character-driven story of all time. There's also some replayability, as many events are a choice between one or two others."
,Recommended,481510,33295571,Posted: 5 July,all,khoshek the floating cat,one of the best games ive ever played
76561198148540001,Recommended,481510,33314952,Posted: 6 July,all,BenWilliamsLychpit,after playing 1 hour of it i got hooked in to it just like the same way undertale does i really do suggest playing it also if your a rick and morty fan please i beg of you PLAY THIS GAME!
,Recommended,481510,33242859,Posted: 4 July,all,Novae95,"Even if it lags a lot (and sometimes freezes for me), I still recommend this. Why ? Because it's beautiful. The visuals, the soundtrack, the characters, the storyline - EVERYTHING."
76561198141068389,Recommended,481510,30518828,Posted: 14 March,all,mr krab's dollar,"This game is amazing, even though I've only played the first 3 hours. I can tell you that this game is completely worth it's 20 dollar price tag. The art is amazing, the soundtrack is outstanding, incredible characters, fantastic overall story, and Gregg Rulz Ok.Buy this game."
76561198299753712,Recommended,481510,32135013,Posted: 2 June,all,MudsyKipsy,"I LOVE this game!It has great storyline, amazing characters and  amazing soundtrackGregg Rulz ok."
,Recommended,481510,30402758,Posted: 8 March,all,Gracie,"Wow, where do I even start?I loved this game. I started watching Commander Holly's let's play and decided that I wanted to play this for myself. I was a little bit put off by the $25 (NZD) price (and even after finishing it I'm not sure it was worth every single cent) but yeesh I had a great time.Mae is an adorable main character and the story is really good (although I'm still a little confused as to what exactly happened). It's just... so good?? I don't know how to describe it to be entirely honest. If you're thinking of buying it I definitely highly recommend it, it's got really great graphics, amazing soundtrack and a sweet sense of humour.crimes."
,Recommended,481510,33215347,Posted: 3 July,all,Malsey,"I just finished this game, and I'm so glad to be done.Playing Night in the Woods was the most intense emotional rollercoaster ride I've ever been on. I absolutely loved each and every main character and I spent the entire time worrying about them. When I was at work or unable to play the game I would be worrying about the future in the game. It doesn't sound healthy.I cannot recommend this game to anyone going through any immensely heavy life stuff, unless you plan to finish it in one sitting.The art style and soundtrack is fantastic, and the story is, while not a perfect example of writing, very touching and emotional, and it has no difficulty keeping me desperate to continue the story to it's end.It hits a little close to home for me though.I can't say too much, I really don't want to spoil anything."
,Recommended,481510,33168740,Posted: 2 July,all,Dr. Gonepostal298,"I started night in the wood pretty blind, only knowing a little bit. Seeing the community around the game, I found myself very curious over what the game was about. I'm going to detail aspects about the game down below, trying to avoid spoilers for the most part.The most important thing to note is that this is not much of an interactive game. This is more of a story/visual Novel, with only a few interactable minigames. People who are not interested in a story, or want more engaging gameplay, should not try this game. With this in mind, lets go ahead and look at the game.-VISUALS-The game's visuals, in my opinion, are absolutely beautiful. It has a cute and appealing artstyle, which often is quite vibrant and used well. Animation is very smooth, and in general the game scores quite well in this aspect.-SOUNDTRACK-The game has a pretty huge OST, so theres many different songs in here. I don't find all of them to be particularly interesting, but a few has seriously got me hooked. In general, I'd say the game also does very well with its music. I love it.-GAMEPLAY-As said before, Night in the woods is not a very enganging game. For most of the time, you roam around the same town, each day usually having new diologue options with people, and choosing what to do for the rest of the day. Some of the side interactions allow for more interesting things than just diologue, like a little minigame of sorts. People who enjoy story and interaction more may enjoy this better than others. Personally, I had no problem with it, and rather liked it.-STORY-I went into night in the woods expecting a more emotional story with drama and more serious, real life problems. In many ways, it tackled this quite well. I felt a few emotions, I saw conflict.. And some mystery, even. I had problems with something though, which is..-THE END-I did not enjoy the ending. I felt that it was rather sudden, was barely related to the rest of the story, and did more harm than good to the game. To really explain what I mean by this, I'll have to go into spoiler territory. Simply scroll down to the final verdict if you want to avoid it.The ending comprises of some sort of supernatural plot, where a whole bunch of town folk sacrifices those who do not contribute to society to a god, to keep the town prosperous. The main characters refuse to join and try to leave. They and the cult accidently get trapped, the main characters get out, and.. Thats it. It ends the next day, with you talking to one of the other main characters. All of the story's previous conflicts are left unresolved. It horribly frustrated me, as this supernatural story was barely touched on besides an arm on the street, and these dreams your character had. It really killed it for me.-FINAL VERDICT-In the end, Night in the woods was a nice story game that I felt was rather quality. With the ending being my only major problem, I'd give it an 8/10. If it wasn't for the ending though, It'd probably even be a 9/10, or a 10/10. I would still recommend picking it up though, if you're interested in a beautiful game with a somewhat touching story and good soundtrack..Also good for furries."
,Recommended,481510,31533312,Posted: 3 May,all,PeculiarCarrot,"It's a good game. I love the characters, the dialogue, the art, and the music. But the story... I feel like it falls flat. And since that seems to be one of the major selling points of the game, I'm almost hesitant to recommend this game. My biggest problem with the story is that it doesn't really wrap up. It's like they ran out of time/money and just decided to end it right there. Even the moment the credits come in is jarring and seems out of place. Characters hint at the fact that something is going on behind the scenes, and you find out what it is, but you're still left with a lot of questions when the credits come around.The ending wasn't satisfying, and honestly I think this game would be better if it were shorter. It feels like a lot of filler.  Is it worth the price as-is? Maybe. That's why I'm recommending it, I guess. It was good, but overall the ending left me with a bad taste in my mouth.I know this kind of turned out to be a negative review, but don't get me wrong, I loved everything else about this game. It really is fantastic. Read the other positive reviews if you're interested in the pros rather than the cons."
,Recommended,481510,33040259,Posted: 30 June,all,ChronosCat,A very beautiful game with great character development and story elements.
,Recommended,481510,32012139,Posted: 27 May,all,Vertex138,"What is it?Night in the Woods is a story (not so much agame) about Mae, a girl who drops out of college to rekindle her friendships back in what was once her home. The further you play, the more the stories of each character you meet unravel into one. This isn't so much a game as an interactive story, featuring a collection of far-strung mini-games. I haven't played anything quite like this before.The Pros* An engaging story with many dynamic characters and events that will keep you hooked for hours.* An expansive soundtrack that fits the game perfectly.* Loads of hidden ""notebook drawings"" and achievements to be discovered while playing.* Lighthearted, cartoonish-styled graphics that always impress.* Two paths for the main story, depending on which character(s) you spend more time with.* An awesome arcade game unlocked within the game that is remarkable enough to deserve its own review.The Cons* Besides the basic and quickly tiring platforming mechanics and a few ""minigames"", there really isn't much gameplay. There's a lot of reading, which isn't what most players want in a game.* Averyambiguous beginning. For the first few in-game days, I found myself wandering around aimlessly, hoping to eventually find someone to progress the time.* While many characters stand out as lovable, humorous and relatable, others fall flat on their face in that aspect, only having a single defining personality trait that you either love or hate.* The autosave mechanic makes it almost always impossible to go back to an earlier part of the game without resetting your entire save file. If you miss something, you'll have to play through the entire game to that point again.* Towards the end of the game (just over two-thirds of the way in), the story begins to spiral out of control, and although this may be intentionally done to representthe struggles Mae herself faces as she clings to sanity with sweaty paws,or simply to encourage fan-theories to be made of the game, it makes it hard to grasp what the whole point was all along.* Something-something the fanbase is going to be awful something-something it's going to be like Undertale's all over again unconvincing-coughOther notable points* You can buy the soundtrack as add-on content. And it's a pretty awesome soundtrack, so I'd suggest you check it out.* As of today (May 28th, 2017), there are no trading cards for this game. That might change. Ihopewe get them one day.* There are a few dozen achievements!... But they're all ""secret"" achievements. Which makes unlocking them without a guide difficult.* To put it crudely, this game appears to be unintentionally oriented towards the LGBT non-fascist crowd. Which some of you will hate and others will love.* Something-something cups on my ears something-somethingThe VerdictNight in the Woods is not for everyone. The gameplay is definitely lacking, since the target of this game appears seems to be telling a story in an interactive manor. I personally loved it and got my money's worth. If you're not sure, I'd suggest dabbling around Youtube and finding a commentary-less playthough of the beginning part of the game.Justto see if this is the right game for you.N I G H T M A R E   E Y E S ."
,Recommended,481510,31582262,Posted: 6 May,all,Anihillator,"Great game, awesome characters, solid story. 10/10"
76561198125492423,Recommended,481510,33466859,Posted: 11 July,all,Jellyflish,"This game is absolutly fun and creative. The art is adorable, and the story telling is top notch."
76561198098764655,Recommended,481510,33611944,Posted: 17 July,all,ZACHATTACK7805,10 out of 10 wished it never ended
76561198139194731,Recommended,481510,33602057,Posted: 16 July,all,Fezzy,THIS GAME IS AMAZING
76561198081705332,Recommended,481510,33540750,Posted: 14 July,all,Ekely,when a game can make you feel depressed. you know it's good.
,Recommended,481510,33642023,Posted: 18 July,all,Reigndrac,"Very human story and human characters, even if they are all portrayed by cute animals. I was not expecting the themes to become as dark as they do in this game by looking at the adorable art style, but topics of depression, debt, loss of family, and an overwhelming feeling of uncertainty are all portrayed with unabashed honesty. The gameplay itself can become somewhat repetitive, needing to travel back and forth to the same locations day in and day out, but new sidequests, secrets to discover, and a plethora of mini games help to shake up the monotony. High replay value by the nature of the game; you are only able to do so much in a single day and many sidequests and storylines will become unavailable if you chose to do other sidequests or follow other storylines.This game has great appeal all around, through its environmental design, character designs, art direction, atmosphere, and fantastic music."
,Recommended,481510,30165884,Posted: 25 February,all,Ran,this game rulz ok
76561198004280060,Recommended,481510,33621654,Posted: 17 July,all,Freya of Cerberus,"Creative, engaging and fun.This game may be light on the gameplay but if you love story driven games this is highly reckomended."
,Recommended,481510,30113827,Posted: 22 February,all,Louie the Jolteon,"Great game. Wonderful art style. Well written dialog and story, though I felt the ending ended kind of abruptly. Very likeable characters. Best played with a controller. It's definitely worth the $20!"
,Recommended,481510,33678514,Posted: 20 July,all,GummieShadie,"Night In The Woods, where to start.This game is amazing. The jokes made me laugh and the story kept me wanting to continue playing even if I was sitting at my desk playing the game for almost an hour. I have replayed it several times (I'm on my fourth playthrough at the time of this review) and still have much to find. The seprate endings, determined on who you hang out with more (Bea or Gregg) , were fun to play through and get. I don't know which ending is my favorite. It's a side scroller with a lot to explore and beautiful scenes that add to the atmosphere."
76561198048788163,Recommended,481510,30310033,Posted: 4 March,all,tanngrisnir,"only just finished my first playthrough, but this is so incredible. haunting, cozy, nostalgic, #aesthetic af. sometimes i didn't notice the ""dialogue choices"" marker and i wish it had contrasted a little more with the text, but also i wasnt wearing my glasses so whose fault was that really. Mae is an inspiration for all of us, tell the people u love u love em!!!!"
76561198095457752,Recommended,481510,30112436,Posted: 22 February,all,funkboy,I love everything about this game and I cried once. Thank you.
,Recommended,481510,33081337,Posted: 1 July,all,Bookwyrmle,"I need time to digest everything, but I enjoyed this experience."
,Recommended,481510,32712060,Posted: 23 June,all,XpertAssassin13,"I really enjoyed this game. After I started it, I looked forward to coming home every night and finding out more about the characters and the seemingly quaint town that they live in. This game actually made me care about the characters, and I really enjoyed taking the time out of every in game day to talk to everyone in the town. The story was great, the characters were memorable, and the soundtrack was great as well.I also don't think I've ever related to a game character as much as I did Mae. I'm at a similar point in my life as Mae, and really don't have any idea where my life is going; everyone around me seems to be moving forward, while I am standing still. Kinda dramatic way to put it, but whatever, you get the point :PI purchased this game on a whim for full price, and I don't regret a thing. I really would recommend this game."
,Recommended,481510,33440881,Posted: 10 July,all,MemeMage,"Alright now for my review on UnderTale:Whats up Scooby Doo Edition A.K.A. Night in The WoodsThe StoryThe games story is about 20 year old Mae Borowski(oh boy another cat protagonist)who comes home to Possum Springs after dropping out of college(hah what a loser amiright?? EEX-DEE)and spends her day's roming around town meeting her old friends again and TOTALLY NOT JUMPING ON TELEPHONE WIRES but i digress. Anyway's, she goes around town hanging out with her old friends and chattin with em but realises things are just off and her friends are not as good as she used to remember but things could be better. Our main group is Greg,Mae,Angus,Bea,Germ(or jeremy)and Mae's parents who you come home to during transitions of the game. During the game you have the option to hang out with specific chracters and do wacky things like smashing bulbs with greg or a nice walk in the park with angus but the choices you make do not effect the final ending. After doing stuff with the group for sometime some crazy stuff happens and people are suddenly going missing in the town and its up to the gang to investigate whats going on. Looks like we have another mystery to solve gang!The GameThe game is basically a sidescroller and you can move around town and talk to the characters. when you talk to people around town you have different dialogue options. Depending on which options you choose you will get different responses from the characters which is a very unique feature of this game. The game also has several interaction moments like when you are fiddling with the elevator buttons and get electrocuted or when its time for band practice(yes they all have a band)and you are thrown into a classic game of RockBand and you have to press the buttons at the right time(which i really suck at oh and good luck at Pumpkin Head Guy jeezus christ that song made me pull my hair out). Speaking of band, the game has a really nice and huge soundtrack. Other than the things i listed, the game isn't too gameplay driven but more story driven.Pros+Great soundtrack+unique and funny characters+Sense of realism and relatibility+Interesting and spooky story+Plenty of things to do+long play time looking at 20 hours and even more cause replay's+Dialogue choices-a very unique feature of this game+Demon Tower-basically one nice big minigame on Mae's computer with several levels and plays like Hyper Light Drifter+Great character development+im sure there are moreCons-None that i can think ofWelp hope this review was helpful oh and rememberGreg Rulz O K"
,Recommended,481510,30235548,Posted: 27 February,all,Nite,"I loved Night in the Woods for several reasons! This is a very slice-of-life game that evoked a lot of empathy from me. Game events resonate with your emotions, sometimes quite deeply. There's some creative game mechanics that never feel tedious. The visuals are absolutely breathtaking and the music couldn't fit more perfectly. It rewards exploration -- you definitely get back what you put into it. Would highly recommend."
,Recommended,481510,30884850,Posted: 1 April,all,Klensin,"Most engaging single player game I have ever played. Would recommend to anyone who enjoys smashing fluorescent light bulbs with a bat, or electrocuting yourself with a car battery. The game has a beautiful soundtrack, amazing art style, and lovable characters. I rate ten out of ten, and I would gladly play again.Gregg Rules Ok!"
,Recommended,481510,30387252,Posted: 8 March,all,Stevies,"Honestly, I wasn't entirely sure about this game when I first saw it but I am so glad I tried it out. I actually originally watched Jacksepticeye play part of it before deciding if it was a game for me. I absolutely love this game, the narration, the exploration, the characters, and well... everything. I would recommend this to anyone I know. Fair warning though, it gets a bit depressing so if you're really sensitive to that you might want to avoid this game. I wish I could summarize how I feel about this game in it's entirety but I can't. It was just amazing. Remember to explore while you're playing!"
,Recommended,481510,33615040,Posted: 17 July,all,Asexual Chameleon Jr.,"I could write a long and serious review but I'm lazy so I'll talk about the only real bad thing about this game, one of the main 4 characters (Bea) is heterosexual but everybody ships her with Mae anyway so it's not too big of a deal. Otherwise this game is 10/10."
76561198054064449,Recommended,481510,32827012,Posted: 26 June,all,Mild-mannered Foxen,"Fall is on it's way,Leaves are dying away,No matter what time it is during the night and day,Gregg rulz.Ok?"
,Recommended,481510,30095648,Posted: 22 February,all,Pixelito,"I don't know how to really write a review for this one. I just want to recommend it, really.I finished my first playthrough in about 5.5 hours but I feel like I missed a ton!All I really know is that I greatly enjoyed what I played and would recommend it to fans of narrative focused games. Aside from some light platforming and a few mini games, it doesn't get too much more involved than a 'walking simulator' mixed with a choose your own adventure. Most of your time will be spent talking to the various characters and going through their dialouge. If that's something you enjoy, then there ya go!"
76561198077591549,Recommended,481510,30326607,Posted: 4 March,all,HunterZeWolf,"One of the best narratively-driven experiences I've ever had the pleasure of playing. Starting off, I had a warm reminder of my childhood and the town I was growing up in, given how the characters interacted with Mae. Over time though, you'll get to know these charming characters and this game's quirky, charming, and yet depressing tone. It's an incredibly relatable game as well, if you're someone who's been through a hard time in life, like myself. I'm not going to spoil anything, but if you like what I've been hinting at so far, then buy this damn game."
76561198028170280,Recommended,481510,30459155,Posted: 11 March,all,Kaowas,"I playedNight in the Woodsat time in my life when everything had seemingly gone wrong and my plans were doomed to fail, but the sincher is that I've been here before. Where Mae is throughtout this game I've had the displeasure of having that exact experience. I'm from a small town on the east coast of Canada. A mining town with no new developments for a long time, old stores closing and new ones opening that changed everything. Old friends that stayed and old friends that took off, never to be seen or heard from again. Death. Progress. A town in crisis. I've literally seen this exact thing before.All of this is to say thatNight in The Woodshas the most relatable story I've ever witnessed in a video game. It's grounded in realism and shows a real, true, slice of everyday life for people in rural towns and areas. It's backed perfectly with interesting visuals, a subtle and haunting sound track, and easy and enjoyable mechanics.This is worth your time."
76561198356918474,Recommended,481510,31311668,Posted: 22 April,all,alien,"How to feel good. Be it by hopping fences, to robbing malls. From festival fun, to cultshit ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Thanks for this ride, devs."
,Recommended,481510,30232486,Posted: 27 February,all,samidot,This game was absolutely fantastic. I dont often review games but i feel obligated to because how much i loved this. The characters are so well done and I was entirely connected the entire time. Really well done game. Probably not for everybody but if you're into story telling games definitely pick this up you won't regret it.tldr So damn good.
,Recommended,481510,30232512,Posted: 27 February,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡ScriptyFox,"Hits me right in the feels. Amazing art, fantastic story, great music, super relateable characters. Like I legit connected with them. 10/10 will play again."
,Recommended,481510,33797854,Posted: 25 July,all,Mordecai,I thought the game was great. Worth the money. The decisions you make have a great impact on the game later on
,Recommended,481510,33648335,Posted: 19 July,all,Guthrie,"If you don't like it, you can always play Demontower."
,Recommended,481510,31370161,Posted: 25 April,all,Twisted Tak,that's a whoppah!
76561198103674014,Recommended,481510,33821869,Posted: 26 July,all,Kill Joy,WOW... that story got me... right where it hurt.  The characters were interesting.  The art was very pleasing to the eye.  Add in an awesome cosmic horror theme and you got yourselves a game.   I highly reccomend this game.
,Recommended,481510,30698880,Posted: 23 March,all,Regulith,"An unemployed troublemaker who just dropped out of college and seems to say everything wrong, the distant and tired owner of a local business trying to keep things together for her broken family, an insecure ""bad boy"" who can't sit still, and his smart but quiet boyfriend with a dark childhood walk out of a diner and find...well, I wouldn't want to spoil the surprise. If you can relate to any of those characters, even just a little, your experience with Night in the Woods will be that much better. Even if you can't, though, the game still boasts pretty visuals, some of the best music I've heard this year, waves of emotions, and an intriguing mystery.The game itself is little more than an interactive visual novel, a delightfully story-rich experience, so if you're looking for serious platforming or anything like that, you're probably in the wrong place. Even your dialog choices don't really matter that much (Remember how I said one of the characters seems to always say the wrong thing? Yeah, that's you.) with the exception of which friends you decide to hang out with. That being said, if you like to explore every nook and cranny of virtual worlds, you'll be pleased to find plenty of bonus stuff to hunt down, ranging from comical flavor text to interesting lore and even lengthy scenes that you'd otherwise never see.So, if you fancy a semi-comfy romp around a little town where everyone knows everybody by name, for better or for worse, pick up Night in the Woods. It's cute, it's happy, it's sad, it's unsettling, it's good."
76561198031494442,Recommended,481510,30133822,Posted: 23 February,all,Kryl@byt,"This is one of those games that will either make you cry or beg for more... maybe even both. The only downside I have for this game is that it only has 1 save file. Other than that it's worth your time to get this game. and enjoy the ride.By the way, it's also one of those games where depending on your actions and how you interact with the people in the game, you'll get different outcomes and certain events with them.Beatrice best girl.9/10 go get this game.(I gave it a 9 cause I really hate it and love it that they gave you one save file so you can't fix the things you messed up)"
76561198062420665,Recommended,481510,31142276,Posted: 14 April,all,Emotional Furry Trash,"This game...is legitimately one of the most amazing and powerful games I've ever played. Never before has a game tackled things so well, made problems feel so real and made me empathize with character so much, all while still remaining...a game, and not some kind of social simulator. I feel like everyone needs to play this game."
,Recommended,481510,30422152,Posted: 10 March,all,rufure,"gameplay is simple, you run, jump, do various minigames with the characters, feed an anthropomorphic dog pierogies, whatever you're into, it's there.the characters are charming (especially Gregg god bless whoever wrote him) and mae's character hit close to home despite me not being a college dropoutthe music's pretty good, and reflects the mood in every single portion of the game. the home/town segments flooded me with nostalgic emotions despite never having seen the town until playing this gamethe story's solid for the most part, from what i've played there was little to no plotholes and mostly every single thing was tied all together by the finaleall in all the game's pretty good but definitely not for everyone (especially those who prefer more FPS-centric games than point-and-click games).if you feel uncertain after this review, you can go ahead and try the other games in this series over at their website to get a good grasp"
,Recommended,481510,33284143,Posted: 5 July,all,MlLKY-WAY,crimes are cool
,Recommended,481510,30362467,Posted: 6 March,all,MrDoctorMan,"Night in the Woods is a game to take your time with. Figuratively, if you stop to smell the roses every day, you shall be rewarded.It probably has the best dialogue I've seen in any game. You get attached to the characters, and when you play you'll feel like you're leading a double life.You get to make decisions. Sometimes, though, the decisions aren't yours to make. You're not playing as yourself; you're playing as Mae. You find out more about her the more you play, so stay attentive, folksWear headphones if you can. Trust me, it'll make it better."
,Recommended,481510,31220451,Posted: 18 April,all,Crack Addict Conflict,"This was one of those games where I could sit down late at night playing with a nice feel to. To me, it gave me a nice refreshing atmosphere I haven't played since I was young playing story driven games like these. I'd mention some names but I forgot them sadly.The characters are fun and somewhat relateable to either you or friends and family. The artstyle I think is great. The story is quite open (in my opinion) and there's much to do in the NitW world. You got side ""quests"" you can do if you want, fun little minigames in the story and also in the side ""quests"" while having that sorta fresh neighbourhood soundtrack or chill time soundtrack. It all goes, the story gets bumpy later on but that's what every story must have. A ""bump""Remember this is my opinion and I recommend to give it a shot.Goods:- Nice Well Thought Characters- Nice soundtrack- A Good Artstyle- Nice atmosphere and vibe from it- Lot's of other things to do and explore!- Characters you can grow fond ofBads:- Waiting On That Sequel- Wanting more insight on some characters and wishing the story went on longer- Sometimes the chats can get boring and you just skip most of it- One of those once in a lifetime games you can rarely find with different sorts to the characters and story"
,Recommended,481510,32490913,Posted: 16 June,all,Vihuri,"Mae Borowski, you're an adorable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198291453962,Recommended,481510,33918825,Posted: 30 July,all,Tamsmit,i never would have thought that an animated cat could make me so sad
,Recommended,481510,30191424,Posted: 26 February,all,Underskor,"I found JESUS...But seriously though.This game was one heck of a a surprise, it caught me way off guard. I thought it was going to be kinda boring and lack luster if you will. But when I bought it to give it a shot, I never ever saw it coming.The puzzles, the humor, the drama. This is a slice of life. The maker of the game knew what they really were doing. I was blown AWAY. I feel like this was all based on a true story for some reason. Mae's life style and events that played through her life as well as other characters. Sound so true that it makes me reflect on my own life. (Game Forced Midlife Crises)Where some points there are moments where you cannot make them talk fast enough, and others where you absorb it word per word. It was well written and really made you immersed in it. I started playing it around 11pm, then I looked up to see it was 4am. I haven't done that since SKYRIM.YEP, buy this. Best impulse buy I have had in a while. (Also, Bae is amazing, sassy and blunt. Like everyone in their 20's)"
,Recommended,481510,30900087,Posted: 2 April,all,He Who Is Vile,"Pretty effin' good.It has Rockstar (where you play a Bass for songs you do not know)It has knife fights.It has several near-death experiences (I actually lost count).It has pizza.It has a dungeon crawler game in it.It has corny dad jokes.It has a donut that is also a wolf (Or is it the other way around?).It also has a bunch of characters that do things that are hilariously whacky that you wish you could do (without getting arrested) or so mundane that you think you should have been doing it yourself (like working).Exploration of EVERYTHING EVERYWHERE and talking to people over and over and over and over to get all those little tidbits of story as people go about their daily lives builds a rather interesting view of the town they are living in. Goes without question that a vast majority of the game is walking and jumping around, interacting with everything you can interact with until it no longer offers further interaction and making your rounds talking to all the other characters each day to see what stories and adventures they could offer to spice up the dropout cat's daily life.Plus the story and music are enough to warrant 20 bucks. Especially considering how there are the obvious two main ""Paths"" to follow in who you want your BESTEST friend to be, even then there are variations to how each scene can go. I mean, can only listen to ONE of the THREE most embarassing moments in Mae's life per playthrough (without save fiddling, anyhow).In addition to that, gameplay (at the most basic level) is smooth and pretty responsive, things are animated fairly well with the rather vibrant style. For the most part, you move, and you jump.To summarize, it's effectively a daily life simulator for an awkward cat-faced person. There's plenty of things that feel similar to real life while others are a bit far out there, though the main reason to play the game is to explore the lives of all the people in Possum Springs. To figure out what the hell is going on and what to do next.And to commit crimes."
,Recommended,481510,32529690,Posted: 18 June,all,• ABoiAnnabeth •,"RATING: 9.5/10 • Pretty Much PerfectI was fandom drowned into this fandom by a friend and after being in the fandom for a lil' I decided to buy this game. As soon as I started playing I knew that I loved it. The art style is so simple but amazing and the music is some of the best that I've ever heard maybe even surpassing the level of Undertale! I really recommend you to buy it and yes, it is well worth the 20 Gaben Dollars you pay.Pros:Great StorylineGreat CharactersAmazing Sound TrackVery FunCons:Slow At Times (Storyline Wise)Semi-Boring If You Are Doing Another PlaythroughOverall I highly recommend that you buy this game and join the fandom. You should also join the Night In The Woods Amino it's a great community."
76561198011757469,Recommended,481510,30500389,Posted: 13 March,all,"HELLO, MY HAT IS UP HERE.",Extremely relatable story and charactersBeautiful art styleGreat music11/10
,Recommended,481510,30498210,Posted: 13 March,all,Error 404,This game will change you
,Recommended,481510,33641083,Posted: 18 July,all,Frizouw,"If you like down-to-earth games, this is a good choice!This game impressed me a lot! I never thought to love this game at this point, It brings you back to earth on the harsh reality of life. Like depression, death, the difficult choices imposed on us, the mistakes of the past that follow us, you know that kind of stuff. It's incredibly relatable.Pros+ The graphic of the games is very original and artistic;+ The music is well chosen to give an atmosphere of depression and rebellion;+ Story has a great mystery;+ Some built-in game modes (As a wanna be guitar hero).Cons- The story is too short, I WANT MOOOOOORE :(I give the score of 10/10 !I hope my review helped you ^^"
,Recommended,481510,30402470,Posted: 8 March,all,cosmonaut,this is so obviously one of the best games ever made that i'm having difficulty finding words to express myself. just buy it. ♥♥♥♥ you scroll back up and hit that add to cart button. get outta here
,Recommended,481510,33468932,Posted: 11 July,all,Sulfer-The-Cat,"How have i not written a review for his!?Anyway, short, sweet, TLDR:Gameplay consists of jogging to the same few characters each day to talk to them, do a little mini-game with depressed gay friends, sleep, nightmare fun(?). Rinse and repeat till the end. The story is what you play for. It's written like real people are talking to each other. I believe it's day one where you establish an inside joke with cat-mom in the form of ""Eeels mom"" which appears multiple times. The story is just amazing. It's dreadfully slow for the good, juicy bits of the game but the quote ""boring bits"" (the rest of the game) is just absolutly superb.I love this game.Buy it.We need more like this.10/10 Will ""Go leagally brain dead from lack of oxygen from choking on an entire♥♥♥♥♥quot; again"
,Recommended,481510,31894541,Posted: 21 May,all,cirquedumeow,i love this game it has an intriguing story with well rounded characters and a lot of scenarios to choose from. the main character is highly relatable and funny. this game has high replay potential because of all the different choices you can make. though the ending is a little abrupt it ended in a way that makes perfect sense.
76561198148187254,Recommended,481510,30155713,Posted: 24 February,all,Replay,"""I hope you burn.""""I hope you get sliced in half by a secret ninja from Russia.""""I hope you get hit by a train and your guts fall out.""""I hope you get hit by a train and your parents have to carry your guts into your grave.""""Whoa Mae. Geez."""
,Recommended,481510,31495942,Posted: 1 May,all,Kodopuppy,"I think this game might be my favorite for this year, if not all time, based purely on story content and style alone. There's not a lot of ""gameplay"" going on, which might be frustrating for people who usuaually play more high energy/high action games, but the story was compelling enough that about an hour or so in I started taking notes. I haven't taken notes for a game in years, but there were so many little details going on that could be easily skipped over that it felt necessary to write them down physically. It feels like there's a larger narative, a larger mystery, that can be put together if I play it again, which I most likely will.So far I've gotten half the acheivements and I've played about 18 hours all together. There are dialogue trees and paths I haven't played yet so I'm going to try and test them all and see if anything significant changes, doubtful as most games need false branches in order to conserve space and time in a game. But I feel like it would be worth it just to see. I also need to finish the Demon Tower retro game on Mae's computer and get better at the band practice segments, but from what I've read and seen it has little to no effect on the story, just acheivements and journal pages.Overall, if you're looking for a game with a compelling narrative and well constructed, realistic characters this is it. I can not recomend this game enough."
,Recommended,481510,32357757,Posted: 11 June,all,Ginger,"No game, book, or movie has ever touched me like Night in the Woods has. The soundtrack is beautiful, the characters are deep and relatable, and the dialogue is fantastic. I loved this game and I know I will remember it for years to come. I hope that the creators know that they've made something amazing, and that this game has reached so many hearts in its first year and hopefully in years to come. Thank you so much for making this."
76561198116978758,Recommended,481510,32349046,Posted: 11 June,all,Xen The Jackal,"I just finished this masterpiece really sad that it ended at all. I loved everything from the characters, to the soundtrack and the writing! This is the first game to even make me shed a tear, and I played games that are supposed to be sadder. I'm definitely going to do a 're-run of this game. I do hope they manage to expand on this somehow. My favourite part of the game has to be Gregg of course, so effin' adorable! <3"
76561198326313153,Recommended,481510,30652167,Posted: 21 March,all,J.J. Cakes,"Great story, great artwork, great soundtrack."
76561198325090230,Recommended,481510,34044678,Posted: 5 August,all,SunBittenFreya,yes
76561198062066820,Recommended,481510,34048279,Posted: 5 August,all,fenris94,"This is a game worth buying, it does not have a lot of gameplay, but imagine it like a life is strange story based game, it is about ten hours long if you play, doing everthing along the way, with some replay value as well, if you are looking for a very deep and meaningful game, get this, you will love it as much as i will hopefully."
,Recommended,481510,30431339,Posted: 10 March,all,Poison,"it's really hard to put into words what makes this game good without being specific and to be specific would spoil very important details about the game and story- but this is an amazing, well written, emotional story driven game that's definitely worth your time and money. every other game i've ever played has been emotionally tepid in comparison."
76561198063975212,Recommended,481510,32161649,Posted: 3 June,all,IсhabodCrane,The soundtrack in this game gave me goosebumps
,Recommended,481510,32524717,Posted: 17 June,all,VitoBox,"Through the graceful backwoods of kickstarter, comes a game that has much more heart and depth that supersedes its kickstarter companions. It's great really. Had a lot of fun with it. Lots of wonderful, honest, and touching moments."
,Recommended,481510,32529771,Posted: 18 June,all,Caesar Zeppeli,"it just had to go and end didn't it. damn.(also the ending was a little weak. but it's all about the journey, not the destination right?)"
,Recommended,481510,32335457,Posted: 10 June,all,Raptor8600,"I really love this game. The dialogue is amazing and realistic. The characters are easily loveable and have backstories that you may not unlock during your first time playing. In dreams, there's a light-arrow that guides you if you get confused so you won't get frustrated with dream levels. 10/10 game!"
76561197983817188,Recommended,481510,30429192,Posted: 10 March,all,Hanover,"It's like Judd Apatow made an adventure game and replaced the human characters with their spirit animals.  I found myself relating to it in surprising ways.  For example, I'm glad someone else feels like those big empty malls are creepy and depressing.  In this way, this game might become a more personal experience for many people.The only bad things I can think of is that the loading time can be excruciatingly slow...up to 30 seconds in some parts.  The end was extremely abrupt too...I was expecting one more song.  They should have given us one more band practice...Sill, I highly recommend this game.  It's great when a game makes you feel something.  This one will stay with you for days after."
76561198043238083,Recommended,481510,33941350,Posted: 31 July,all,DROLLGORG,"PROS:-Best-written dialogue out of any game I've ever played-A story that manages to touch on parts of life that are both big and small without ever seeming contrived, campy, cliched, or other negative c-words. Tbh this is better as a work of literature than anything John Steinbeck ever wrote-Characters come off as real people, not just like well-written characters-You can choose which people to spend time with and to also pursue the side stories offered by the townsfolk you'll meet. This serves to make multiple playthroughs rewarding and also to make me feel more emotionally connected to these characters than I ever have to my real life neighbors-You can commit crimes-Made me very happy at times???Made me very sad at times-Made me laugh at times-Better than Undertale without the trashfire fanbaseCONS:-The gameplay itself (platforming interspersed with various minigames like playing bass and shoplifiting) is just okay. It's basically the perfectly serviceable yet bland wrapper that contains all the happy and sad feelings. But everything else means I can look past that pretty easily-The main character can sometimes be a piece of garbage. I can already have this experience outside, for free, every day"
76561198167613200,Recommended,481510,34019209,Posted: 4 August,all,Ms Ives,"Cool, funny and deep script, beautiful graphic and generally very playable.On of my fav games. Miracle Rats <3"
,Recommended,481510,34070024,Posted: 6 August,all,Gregg,I absolutely LOVED this game. It was addictive and relatable. The art style is simple yet BEAutiful. The soundtrack was so aMAEzing I had to put cups on my ears. The story was so intriguing it made me Awooooo so much it made my arms tired. In my eyes I consider this to be pure art. 100/10 best indie game since Undertale.
76561198155118284,Recommended,481510,30818883,Posted: 29 March,all,tkubzu,"Don't know what that game was about, but it was good!"
76561198151652699,Recommended,481510,34087476,Posted: 7 August,all,Ash,I absolutely enjoyed this game.  It had such an amazing story and made me feel so many emotions at once!  It was definitely easy to fall in love with the characters.
76561197961520729,Recommended,481510,34096756,Posted: 7 August,all,Ronin the Roman,"I bought this game a while back, and when I first got it I didn't know what to expect. At first I didn't think it was worth it, but after putting my time into it, Its probably the most interesting game i've played in a long while. I love the art style, I love the characters, and the writing. Everything feels alive, and makes me feel like every moment matters, and means something. I could not be more happy about this game. Please give it a chance, and play it. I guaruntee you will enjoy it."
,Recommended,481510,33545485,Posted: 14 July,all,Dot,"I bought this game for full price during the summer sale (and that stings) but it's totally worth it. I used to compare this to Life is Strange, but it's so much more. I actually feel personally connected to every character and the struggles they have went through.You play as a college drop-out who went back to her home town to get back her old life of fun and ""crimes"". However, she soon realizes that everyone and everything has changed. People have left/are leaving soon and she feels the weight of growing up on her shoulders.Play this game."
76561198073889049,Recommended,481510,33547493,Posted: 14 July,all,Kentucky Fried Children,"Brilliant game for anyone hoping for a unique story focused experience. Gameplay can be somewhat lacking but is cleverly implemented into the story.I love the way it develops the characters especially the main as, unlike alot of games which tends to make the main character a blank canvas in which the player paints themselves onto, this game distinguishes the main character from the player by limiting your control in certain situations, you can sympathise with the main character yet know her flaws.If I had one minor criticism it would be that making all the characters anthropomorphic, though is implemented in a few side gags and character traits, is unnecessary and feels like a crutch for making memorable/unique characters. However the characters have way more than enough to stand on thier own with or without this design choice.Side benifit- nice meme community if you can turn a blind eye to the occasional r34"
,Recommended,481510,30442127,Posted: 11 March,all,TishonHeart,"This game is simply amazing. I played 6 hours straight of it and am not even done with it, I love the art style, the personalities of the characters, the music, and the over wall story. It leaves you wanting more and more, even as you just play the game normally and not finishing it. It's over all an amazing game and I suggest anyone who loves story driven games to buy this."
,Recommended,481510,30306054,Posted: 3 March,all,Pelicanos,i'm a chain smoking gator so i found the characters likable and relatable.
76561198117109113,Recommended,481510,34537907,Posted: 27 August,all,DeadSwimSuit,8/10I love the art style and the story is good
,Recommended,481510,34542214,Posted: 27 August,all,Soatok,"I don't have a lot to say that hasn't already been said, except that it was a good use of 8 hours."
76561198023713199,Recommended,481510,31166091,Posted: 15 April,all,Tecwyn,"This game was certainly interesting.The characters and their interactions were amusing and felt more natural that you'd usually expect in games.A definite plus is the soundtrack, which suits the entire atmosphere of the game.A minor issue is that the main story seems to be less apparant than expected, yet the stories of the town itself make up for that.Definitely worth giving a try"
,Recommended,481510,31167212,Posted: 15 April,all,Artyom,"Right, so imagine this:You are a young guy/girl, you grew up in a small town, which rarely sees sucess, you however, beat the odds and get out of the town and go to school.Soon however, you have problems. School isn't what you've imagined, being independent is rough, being responsible is impossible, you make mistakes.Soon, you're back home, in the small town, living with parents who were so proud of you only several months ago...------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This is the plot of ""Night in the woods"", and a reality for many college aged kids. Why talk about reality when disucssing a videogame? Because if this situation seems familiar, this WILL hit home.Now, for some people, this will be rough. You get in arguements, you get dressed down, you get in trouble, you say/do regrettable things. So what is the appeal?The characters/dialogue.Simply put, this game has some of the most human characters ever in a video game. Everyone has flaws, everyone has character arks, everyone has their own personality/sense of humor, some of which may take some getting used too.Some people you will like, some you may hate. You may even hate yourself, but at the end of the day, every college dropout has hated themelves at some point.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------So why buy this game? If you like decent platforming, fun minigames, and dialogue you can relate to (and laugh at!!!), this game is for you. It's a story of making the best out of a bad situation. One that many people have dealt with, and will instantly relate too."
76561198241999976,Recommended,481510,31737449,Posted: 13 May,all,AceWolfGaming,Really Good GameGreat HumorAlternate routesAnd Good character Design:D
,Recommended,481510,34583566,Posted: 29 August,all,ChaosUnown,"Night in the Woods is a game that tells a rather vague, but thought-provoking story centered around College drop-out Mae and her adventures in her dreary little hometown of Possum Springs. Right off the bat I found the game to have a lot of personality and even some of the more minor characters had interesting quirks that stuck in the mind effectively. It's a peaceful, and oddly nostalgic environment with a compelling narrative that really makes you think. It's engaging, and I was very curious to see how the entire experience would turn out.This is another one of those story-heavy games that plays more like an interactive visual novel rather than a traditional game. There's very little ""gameplay"" other than the typical platformer controls used to explore your surroundings. There are a few distractions here and there in the form of what I guess you could call mini-games, but those are simply there to break apart the exploration and story progress; most are completely optional, and it's not the main focus of the game.One small issue I've had with the game is that sometimes it's hard to read the mood of what is currently happening. This is mostly because of how little the characters emote visually; there's hardly any changes in facial expressions to match how they're currently feeling, so when you think it's just some silly, sarcastic conversation and then suddenly one of the characters screams and runs out of the room that can send some mixed messages to the player.Otherwise I enjoyed this game a solid amount. It's not one of my favorite games of this genre but it has its own charm and it held my interest all the way to the end credits."
,Recommended,481510,34715981,Posted: 3 September,all,Greed,This game is so bizare. I really enjoyed it. Probably gonan re-play it few times. Gave me a lot actually to think about. Like damn. 10/10
,Recommended,481510,34727840,Posted: 3 September,all,Kallus Rourke,"Night in the Woods was one of the games I got from the Humble Monthly, and let me tell you, Humble Monthly has been phenominal in introducing me to games I'd of never known about. NITW is one of those games.  Unless a Youtube I followed played it, or a friend mentioned it, I'd of never known this existed.  Getting back to NITW, I love adventure/story telling games, and this was no exception.  One of my favorite things was how the developers incorporated real life and some modern day things into the game, but altered it to fit the game's design.Music is something that I am extremely critical over, and NITW did an amazing job with the music, as well as when the music played.  Another thing I liked was that entries were added into our journal, sometimes funny ones.  That alone adds so much to the game, in my opinion.  As well as every morning when Mae is getting out of bed and she's reaching for a sock.  That, my friends, is our struggle every morning.This was such a beautiful game.  10/10"
,Recommended,481510,30267347,Posted: 1 March,all,Flapper,"For people w/o a controller:>I do not recommend you playing this w/o a controller as the placement of the controls are wonky, and the obvious keys you would want to use are not allowed to be inputted (ie: enter, shift, alt)>I DO however, recommend it for everyone else! This game even with the short amount of time already had me stumped in multiple ways.Me: Wait is the main character a girl?Me: Wait how do I double jump?Me: Wait just how far can I explore?Me: Wait is THAT A CAT!?>The puzzles aren't a main basis so far where I have gotten, but I have been confused multiple times, to me is a plus. I like interactive tutorials that don't straight up tell you what to do, but let you figure it out on your own. Even a mini-game within the game. The art style brings you into the story, while the narrative makes you able to relate to the characters. Not everything is written to be a quote on a tee-shirt as that is not how real life works.>If you like older kiddie jokes, and like to put your brain to a bit of work with a fun outcome. (and fat cats walking across the screen like, i'm a cat how does that work???) I recommend you give it a try, or at least look at a play through to enjoy the atmosphere.Now excuse me as I go to continue this game~"
,Recommended,481510,34740992,Posted: 4 September,all,Dr4w,ya know as much as i expected this to be some sorta indie game overblown tumblr cluster♥♥♥♥ it ended up making me love the game hell i hate story driven games and i nearly cried at the end... 10/10 took me for a ride that ill never forget.
,Recommended,481510,30092846,Posted: 21 February,all,RedCervidae,"Backed this game, waited about 3 years for it and it did not dissappoint. The characters feel very real despite being anthropomorphic cartoon animals. The writing is done so well, which you think might mean the gameplay is lacking but it isn't! You can jump around town, to the top of buildings and there are a bunch of mini games like ""band practice"", or the shoplifting game where you control a little nubby paw and steal stuff. This game is easily worth 20 bucks, its story, characters, music, and gameplay are all phenomenal!"
,Recommended,481510,30272242,Posted: 1 March,all,GrottoesK,"Cute game with cute graphics but intense and immersive story. I like how the main character is her own person, she has her own mind. Many stories driven games let you choose how the character will act and it will affect the story, but this one is like you're along for the ride, you are there to unfold the story not to choose it. A nice change of pace, for me at least."
,Recommended,481510,30174620,Posted: 25 February,all,PersonGuy,"What even is this game? I think I could best describe it as a mix between Mass Effect 2’s crew dialog and loyalty missions, but set in Twin Peaks, and with a hint of platforming. It’s very story centric with a healthy mix of comedy and drama, as well as some elements of psycho-thrillers. Mostly what you do in the game is learn about characters in a mundane town by reading dialog. There’s 2 main paths through the game, but since it has such a slow pace I don’t think I’ll have time to try the second path.The visual style is what first got me excited to play this game and is definitely my favorite part about it. I love the clean silhouettes, the moving eyes, the ways they walk, the close ups, the dream sequences, and the lighting. There’s so many little details that make it an absolute masterpiece. However, it does come with a big downside when the dialog gets a little heavy and the characters are stuck with a neutral expression. This seems to be an intentional choice, but it doesn’t always work for me.The audio is good and used well to set the mood, but rarely stood out to me as great. I wish that the game had used varying text typing audio to convey emotion in the dialog that the faces weren’t capable of doing. Again, this may be intentional choice, but seems like a missed opportunity.The story mostly hangs on the characters, each with a unique voice and motivation. They treat the characters as very real with their own tastes, fears, shames, and ideas. Conflicts are misunderstandings and growth happens when they learn more about each other. The plot itself is very simple for most of the game, a series of parties and events. Then there’s a big unveiling of narrative near the end that drags out a little too long and still leaves many questions unanswered.I enjoyed spending time with these characters and seeing them at their best and worst. The town feels like a real place to visit. I’m a little too old to relate directly with the young adult angst, but it’s interesting seeing those familiar feeling from a distance."
76561198008850384,Recommended,481510,34662427,Posted: 1 September,all,The Creator,"Before I played this game, I had a phobia of college and the future itself, after I played this game, It pretty much solved all my problems! This game is amazing a perfect story of a College drop-out to a mystery investigation!PROS:Beautiful artstyleAmazing CharactersBest MusicBest character developmentBest levelsBest StoryCONS:Achievements can be a bit buggy sometimesYou can miss certain events ingameErases save files to start again instead of multiple save files10/10! ""It may not have the spookyness like Scott Cawthon's Five Nights At Freddy's or it's amazing world of Undertale but Night In The Woods feels like a true story movie, and I definitely reccomend it!"""
,Recommended,481510,33916862,Posted: 30 July,all,Duke Feariarch,"I left this game an emotionally changed manI didn't want it to endIt left me in tears, and I hope it sticks with me for a long time"
,Recommended,481510,31483668,Posted: 1 May,all,thearmadilloking,"Night in the woods shows just how games can be art and just how must you can be affected by it.The experience for me was probably magnified because the place is set in almost an identical location to me causing it to feel like it was more realistic and making all the characters much more believable. This game tackles really real problems and makes every character seem like they could very much exist before throwing a wrench into everything you believe.This is also one of those games that I would HIGHLY recommend you play yourself instead of watching someone else play, or atleast play one time for yourself."
76561198335673955,Recommended,481510,35030074,Posted: 17 September,all,nihilistworm,This game helped calm me down when I was going through extreme fits of anxiety. This game helped me feel grounded and not alone in my struggles. The art is also incredible and so refreshing.
,Recommended,481510,30099071,Posted: 22 February,all,Renard,This game is cute as ♥♥♥♥ and full of accurate observations about the world we live in. The amtosphere and art direction are amazing. Also the interactions You have with world are truly speciall. Amazing.
,Recommended,481510,30098172,Posted: 22 February,all,Witchdaggah ♥,"Gorgeous art style, wonderful writing.Chances are high that you will relate to one of the characters in this game. For me, it was Mae, the protagonist. It's funny and relaxing in the same way that it's a bit stressful and emotional. Exploring the small town of Possum Springs and encountering the many different troubled folk who reside there is a reward on it's own.Highly recommend this game."
76561198404407070,Recommended,481510,34749524,Posted: 4 September,all,Joffster64,"Iv'e played a number of games with well writen storys and 'Night in the woods' definitely is one of the best Iv'e seen in recent times.'Night in the woods' is a game I enjoyed vary much.You play as Mae a 20 year old rebelious cat girl who has dropped out of collage and returned to her small hometown of Possumsprings.When she reconects with her old friends she realizes much has changed,not just the town but her friends as well.The story is vary well writen with exstreamly well developed characters who you truly feel for when you see them go through lifes ups and downs.The pacing is a bit slow for the first few hours but I got even more invested after the halloween festivel part where the plot really get going.But this is still a game and I would describe this as a point and click adventure with platforming levels.There will be many times when you can freely exsplore the town of 'Possumsprings' with many characters to talk to and secrets to find.Most of the  platforming stuff comes in these dream levels that left me wondering(in a good way)what was it that I just whent through?Whats vary surprising about this game is that it's vary human for a game that has talking animals.Many of the ordeals the main characters go through in there everyday life can relate to many people.Whether it is growing up,Trying to earn you way to a better town,Or questioning your place in the world this game touches many things people around there 20s go through(or at least thats what I think?)The music is well done with relaxing tunes that fits the smalltown vibe the game gives and perfectly fits every scene.I love the game's art style it's vary...unique where the settings and characters look vary much like they were made with construction paper(kinda like south park).In summery 'Night in the woods' is one of the best indie games Iv'e ever played.The story and characters are well written and developed,The art style is interesting and timeless,The music is good,Platforming is not realy challenging but decent,And I won't spoil the ending but I will say that by the end you will be wanting to know what happens next guaranteed.And GREGG RULES OK"
,Recommended,481510,30442007,Posted: 11 March,all,Charlie McRapekit,"Boy, there's so much to like about this game it's hard to even find a place to start. I won't spoil anything, but Night in the Woods captures life in a tiny and run-down town really well. The visuals/graphics are gorgeous, and along with the music, sets the mood of the game quite nicely. There's plenty of exploring to do and secrets to find that add to the games thrill factor. The characters all have their own distinct personality, a story people can relate to, and are otherwise very likeable. There's replayability involved so you can always see what you've missed during your first playthrough.So yes, if there's a GOTY category for ""short but sweet"", I'd say Night in the Woods is a rather strong candidate. I highly reccommend it, and hopefully the internet/fanbase/whatever doesn't beat it into the dirt."
,Recommended,481510,30320833,Posted: 4 March,all,BadgerWaffles,"While I do love this game. It is extremely slow, atmospheric type of game with great characters and setting. However, I've already spent roughly 4 hrs into the game and feel like I've done very little. While yes, I do enjoy this, this game is NOT for everyone and people going around praising everything about it will create that crazy internet hype that ruined other great amazing games with their, frankly, crazy fanbase.If you enjoy this type of game, it's totally worth the 20$ bucks. However, if you are looking for a more action type of game of any sort this is not for you even with the brief ""push these buttons"" mini-games. Frankly it's a sad depressing tone throughout the game, slow paced where each day feels like little is done; such as life really. They captured that well, possibly too well, if you ARE coming into this game expecting more.It's just strange seeing this game praised SO much already; and yes, I was one of many people who were waiting for this game to come out but likewise with OTHER games, the internet is already ruining it for me.Play it before it gets to you too I say, the price I feel is a bit much though for this type of game but eh."
,Recommended,481510,30394210,Posted: 8 March,all,Shayu,If you like slower story-focused games you are gonna LOVE this.
76561198086263525,Recommended,481510,30828291,Posted: 30 March,all,BoxTar,"Fantastic plot, incredible characters, simple gameplay. A game that focuses on plot, the diversity of where you can go, and letting you create the narrative (within reason). Incredibly well executed, fun, and just a blast. Not to mention great art design, character design, and atmosphere. Couldn't recommend this more if you want a game that can pull you in and keep you in suspense.I am curious to see whether or not it will hold the test of time. But as it is right now, its one of the best games I have played this year."
76561198058809923,Recommended,481510,30777014,Posted: 27 March,all,generaldurandal,This is probobly what my life would have been like if I never became a hermit.
,Recommended,481510,30825276,Posted: 29 March,all,AeroMiner,"To say I reccomend this game isn't enough.I beat Night in the Woods for the first time (I will likely replay this over and over) just a few moments ago. As someone who is going through a bit of a rough spot in my life right now, this game gives me something no other game ever has: hope.This is a wonderful experience. Incredible writing, brilliant and relatable characters (Gregg and Mae are already two of my favorite fictional characters of all time), a story that keeps you coming back for more, beautiful visuals, there's too much to say about this game to put on this text box. It's a once in a lifetime game that you simply must experience, even if only once.The sad thing is, this will likely be deemed ""fandom trash"" within the month. Play it now before everyone hates it and hates the people who don't hate it."
,Recommended,481510,32072261,Posted: 30 May,all,Thunder BlaZe,"this is an amazing game, that I feel like every penny I used on it was worth.the characters are amazing, the world building is amazing, and the main and suportive characters are amazingly relatable.the first thing that made me want to buy this game was an art peice i found on deviant art. and then i watched an none spoiler review and desided to buy it.the thing about this game is you can relate something to all the characters. Espeasily for Mae as i'm a 20 year old getting tired of school, and wanna work, but i have never even had a job, or know how i'm even gonna do it, also all of my friends have jobs, and i feel down becuase i don't know where my life is going. and this is the greasts thing about the whole game, it makes you refect your own life as you play it, and all the choices you make, even the ones you wish you could not do (but are essential in line for the characters).another thing that really got me with the game was the sence of friendship that the whole game build up, you really got to know them all (if you desided to talk with the all) and began really caring for them, from Lori the mouse kid up on the roofs, to miss selmers the poet, to germ, to gregg or bea or angus. you just want nothing bad to happen to them and just hangout with them as they seem so real.okay i'm gonna stop this rant XD only thing i can say is if you like stories of growing up that may refect on your own life then buy this game it's totally worth it. also i wanna die anywhere else."
,Recommended,481510,30755587,Posted: 26 March,all,NINJA,♥♥♥♥ing good stop reading this and go buy it you panda cake
,Recommended,481510,30784925,Posted: 27 March,all,Phevnil,"NitW rulz okIt had been ages since I played a game solely for its writing, and years since I played one that fully delivered on it in a properly satisfying way. A better cast of characters than most of the books I’ve read lately too. Hit all the emotional points I could have wanted and got out cleanly, with just enough exclusionary story branches that, while I’m content for now, I already know I’ll replay it with different choices in just a few months (and enjoy it just as much the second time)."
,Recommended,481510,30800654,Posted: 28 March,all,gregg rulz ok,gregg rulz ok8/10
,Recommended,481510,30806531,Posted: 28 March,all,slikktic,"Quickly, before the 9 year olds destroy a new fandom like they did to undertale.Play this game."
76561198373963863,Recommended,481510,30808279,Posted: 28 March,all,Mae the trash mammal,oh my god. i recommend this game to the gods honest end dude. this game is 20/10 worth your money!!!!!! its so so so amazing the story is literal fbjdshvfkdvkfkscd amazing. it almost feels like you know the characters on a personal level. and OMGOMGMGOGM juustststst i cant explain how amazing this game is with so much to explore and find.!!
76561198009914863,Recommended,481510,30824578,Posted: 29 March,all,Zodiac Eclipse,"I've found my new favorite game.Everything about Night in the Woods is wonderfully flawed and excellent. The characters are messed up and relatable in ways I didn't even realize I needed. The game is truly perfect in its imperfections in that what might not work anywhere else just serves to make the experience all the more endearing.If you want an amazingly story rich narrative experience in an actually fun to play format, buy this game."
,Recommended,481510,30828360,Posted: 30 March,all,ℛℴℴ,"Introduction:Coming from a long list of FPS games this my first in playing a game of this type.Story:The story towards the end, fell fast and started to get a little weird. And still Its story is very cute and almost too much relatable. I feel like I would have to play through it a few times to get every bit of information for the story. Really wish the developers would have added a chapter mode where you can pick a chapter to return. Overall the story is very flowing and its meaning sets home very well for anyone who has been through what Mae [The main character] experiences. One thing I really wish I could of got more time with was the other characters seeing the story from their point of view.The art style/animation:The art style is very modern and toony paintbrush. The game’s shadowing is very immersive and I found myself genuinely watching the hairs on my arms when things got tense. Being an avid andromorphic fan, one thing that really boggled my mind was the lack of tails. I see the reason behind not having tails, but it felt off place. The animations where also extremely cute.ConclusionThe game is worth the money, and even though I did not back it, I wish I could go back and back it now."
76561198087770716,Recommended,481510,30860794,Posted: 31 March,all,Loogia,game rulz ok?
76561198119573326,Recommended,481510,30889215,Posted: 1 April,all,dyl.lenz.dl,Wonderful art style and unforseen attachment to the story's characters.14/10 would play agian
76561198081051429,Recommended,481510,30892580,Posted: 1 April,all,Single Because I Touch Kids,"LOVE IT, Gregg is the best character. Great story. Love the art work. Music is bomb. Just a great fun little game. Would Buy, is worth it."
,Recommended,481510,31928690,Posted: 23 May,all,Snail's Tail,"An absolutely amazing game.  It's an indie game, but instead of trying to create some new kind of innovative control scheme that just clutters the game the developers focused on the music, art, and most importantly the story.  The story in Night in the Woods is fantastic.  It might feels somewhat slow at the start, but it's fitting to small town life.  The story definitley picks up halfway through and you won't want to walk away.  The characters are well developed and adorable.  They are also very easy to connect to, which just makes the game that much more impactful.The developers released some additional content prior to the game's release.  The stories in these games and the controls are still blatantly in development (duh) and not as smooth as the game itself, but they add a bit to the story in the main game.  It's not necessary to play them (I played them after finishing Night in the Woods), but it's fun to play through and catch little references to them.  You have to download them from the developer's site, but it's definitley worth the trouble."
,Recommended,481510,32569501,Posted: 19 June,all,IguanaMan :),"This is not necessarily a game for everyone. It has characters that some may find utterly ridiculous. It has a main character that some are simply not able to relate to. The game is pretty much just a series of converstations and minigames that lasts ~10 hours.But have you ever felt lonely? Have you or someone you know struggled to find purpose? This game tackles relationships between flawed individuals and the daily life of someone who has yet to fully understand themself.When looking at this game, the question is not just ""is it a good game,"" but rather ""is this a good gamefor me?""I will not just blindly recommend this game. I just suggest you take the plunge if I hit something with the description."
,Recommended,481510,33603407,Posted: 17 July,all,Jizzy,Это было... Прекрасно!
76561198313752399,Recommended,481510,35117063,Posted: 21 September,all,kthomas5992,"This game checked all of the boxes. Great art, story, and characters. The only downside I would say is the motions can get a bit repetitive and you can't move super fast. But those are minor things and other than that it's a great game!"
,Recommended,481510,35148408,Posted: 23 September,all,Justusschultz,"Night in the Woods is a nice game with some great music and enjoyable characters.The story is mostly about growing up and moving on, realizing regrets and take the opportunity to explain or to fix them.I found Greg's friendship to be the most satisfying whilst Bea's was very underwhelming and I would barely call it a friendshipLike Bea and Mae had said themselves at the end of Bea's friendship dates. Not only that but all you do is try to be nice and fun while she just blames you for trying to be friends again.The game was really nice to play if you like story and depth to your characters."
76561198070067421,Recommended,481510,35160521,Posted: 23 September,all,L-JK,"Chill, visually appealing, good characters, nice pace."
76561198189315235,Recommended,481510,35164116,Posted: 23 September,all,Daglitchwizzard,"If i could give this game 6 stars i WOULD. fascinating characters, amazing story, so much content, and easy gameplay. The one issue might be a few bugs i ran into involve black screening but otherwise i'd highley suggest this game to ANYONE"
,Recommended,481510,35114520,Posted: 21 September,all,Hydrogen Blueride,"This game is beautiful.Simple as that.Beautiful.Thank you *Insert name here*, you know who you are, for showing me this.Thank youI'll always remember this <3"
76561198350993102,Recommended,481510,35136735,Posted: 22 September,all,Bennin cannon,"great game one of my favorites, it has a REALLY good story to it and i really enjoyed all the charecters, plus the demontower mini game is really fun and could be a full game by itself. overall i'd say it's great for when you just want to relax and play something cool. i'd give it a 10/10"
,Recommended,481510,31342839,Posted: 24 April,all,fun skeletor,"ok so after playing this game 1 and a half time(s) through, I definitely consider it to be my favorite story rich game.NITW has a beautiful yet haunting main story with a side of the protagonist reconnecting with two friends and other hidden scenarios. Also, every character in the game has a unique personality and personal story, and I'm sure most people could relate to atleast one of them (ex: I found that relate to Lori M the most). The game also clearly seems to stress on the subject of mental illness and stigma, such as depression, multiple kinds of anxiety, dissociation and possible stigma on hallucinating.It also has an outstanding soundrack which makes the game more enjoyable, I even tend to casually listen to the OST outside of the game sometimes. The music vibes range from cool or upbeat to sad, suspenseful, and haunting.If my review is enough to convince someone to play, I'd say buckle up for an emotional rollercoaster."
,Recommended,481510,33214129,Posted: 3 July,all,[THEM] MENTOR,"60% visual novel, 40% game. Maybe 70/30. Either way, an amazingly colorful and entertaining game that can dial up the darkness when it needs to.A joy to play with a great soundtrack and some of the most believable writing I've seen in any game in the last ten years.A hidden gem on Steam and something everyone should own if they like a good story.Crimes, eels, and cosmic horror abound."
,Recommended,481510,33229535,Posted: 4 July,all,Holy Fuck Productions,"Holy...  It starts out slow, picks up steam, and then BAM!  It flips the switch on you.  Calling it a rollercoaster ride isn't far from the mark.  If you're looking for a great story and characters, a soundtrack that manages to be either cozy or foreboding, and good platforming and exploration, do yourself a favor and get this game!  It's easily worth the twenty bucks."
76561198024766121,Recommended,481510,30168394,Posted: 25 February,all,Providence,"The protagonist, Mae Borrowski, reminds me of Katia Managan from Prequel; both are cat ladies, both kinda suck at life, and it's incredibly fun to watch them adorably stumble their way to half victories."
76561198263282803,Recommended,481510,30228262,Posted: 27 February,all,indigoestel,"The bitter-sweet autumnal melencholy of this game really hits the spot. It perfectly balances gothic drama, weighty real life difficulties, and lighthearted humor. The entire atmosphere puts me in mind of the Okkervil River album, Black Sheep Boy. And the music is just phenomenal! I'll be purchasing the soundtrack through Bandcamp when it becomes available. I highly recommend this game to anyone who might be craving something colorful/silly/spooky/angsty/story-rich/moving. I'm going to go play it again to see what I missed the first time around."
,Recommended,481510,34982853,Posted: 15 September,all,Bryce,"I guess it's worth money, but I don't know what this is. I'm not going to say ""It's not a game, it's an experience"" It was an alright game. Some stuff was cool to read, and I'm a furry so I liked the characters. The art style is very pleasing to look at and the music is just as good. However, I don't know what to think about the game. It feels unfinished, there are too many loose ends. Even if you're supposed to play mutiple playthroughs it still doesn't feel like it's complete. I want to love this game, but I don't get it. I feel like I'm missing out on something. The ending was so abrupt and it just didn't feel right. I'll update this if I understand, but it feels like the game is empty, it's missing something.Edit: I really don't know, but this game didn't get me emotional. All these characters feel like what they are, characters. I can't relate to them and I can't feel bad for them. It was like the opposite of what the game was trying to tell me. It didn't feel like the choices I made mattered, nor did any of the progress I made. It felt empty.Edit 2: 100% completed the game. It took 2 and a half playthroughs. After the first one it kind of felt like a chore, but it was worth the money. Even if I can't relate to it, it was nice to play. Definitely over praised and over hyped, but it's a solid 8/10"
76561198028058852,Recommended,481510,32670565,Posted: 23 June,all,EngyJoltyWolf,"I LOVE this game! It's so simple, yet filled with so much love and story in it that I can't help but be sucked in. It's got a great soundtrack too, something I love to listen to while I work or need to relax. The characters are relatable and fun to chat with, including some of the side characters too. Overall, I highly recomend it. Simple, fun, and enjoyable~ <3"
,Recommended,481510,31593298,Posted: 6 May,all,Fletchest,"All go into specifics later in this review, but if you want a quick rundown - 10/10 Game, I highly reccomend it.*Spoiler free*There is a 'prequel' to this game called 'Lost Constellation', which you can download for free. It is set in the same universe, but in the past, preceeding the events of this game. I HIGHLY recommend playing this before Night in the Woods, as it is similar to it, and will give you a hint as to what's in store for you. This is much smaller than Night in the Woods, doesn't contain the same characters, but will help ease you into this game (You can find this on the game's website)For some background; I have completed the game doing a blind playthrough, and descovered all that I missed later on. Mixed the paths I took, people I hung out with, etc. And having more than 8 hours in this, there's still a lot that I missed.Pros:-The story is absolutely amazing. Starts out slow, but lays down important information about the scene and characters that really help with the understanding of the setting and plot-The art style/animations/sounds. This, along with the sound, are purely opinion, but I find all three elements to blend well with each other, and add to the overall 'essense' of this game-Relatable/well flourished characters-Very quirky and funny, all without overdoing it, and at appropriate times-Well polished. This game is primarly bug/glitch free, and can run well on practically all systems-The OST is amazing. The music fits every scene perfectly.Cons:-Takes multiple story runthroughs to 100% this game. This can be quite frustrating, as there are no save-states, and missing an achievement/event requires a complete story reset.-Not a whole lot to do outside the main story (there ARE options though, such as exploring the town, playing Demon Tower, etc)-Gameplay is lukewarm. While I don't believe that this should be the main focus of the game (You initially play this for the story, then for completion), it is essentially an easy 'run, occationally jump and talk to people' kind of game-Left me pretty depressed after finishing the game. This game (depending on the person) can be an emotional/psychological trip.Mixed/Things I Noticed:-Certain characters are more fleshed out than others-A couple of my friends have had a bug where doing Mei's 'balancing animation' causes an extremely heavy frame drop (As of 5/6/2017)-X amount of Guitar Hero like minigames are present-At some points your options are much more limited than others, and focusing on certain things/people is impossible-Dialog can differ, which can get different lines out of people, but they ultimately make the same decisionSummary:Night in the Woods is a very philosophy oriented game, maining targeting teens and young adults, although I believe that everybody has something to learn from this game. You will not however, take much away from the game if you focus on gameplay and/or ignore dialog.This game, on a blind playthrough, where I primarily focused on the story took me about 6 hours, 30 minutes.Have fun, and feel free to add me if you'd like to talk about this game or you have any more questions.At the end of everything, hold onto anything"
,Recommended,481510,35235268,Posted: 26 September,all,Amma Husky,"Rust Belt Gothic literature at its finest. I say literature because this game is more of a story played out from a theatrical perspective. It's a heavy story that is ambigous and may often leave you scratching your head wondering what on Earth is going on. Throw in the young adult humor clashing with the thick of real life situations and morals. Think of this game a lot like ""Fall of the House of Usher"" by Edgar Allen Poe or ""The Lottery"" by Shirley Jackson with respect to climax and hazed cues throughout the story. The way the story muddies leaves me frustrated at times but always wanting more out of it.The soundtrack fits the color of the game: rustic and gray with a touch of bright autumn. The emphasis on bass and keyboard reflect a more somber feeling from an old rust belt town yet give a homey-time feeling for those that have experienced small town life with more upbeat melodies. The xylophone, tuba, bassoon, ensemble, and keyboard usage resembles a community lost in its former time: hard-hitting on heritage and nostalgia.The characters themselves are lively and feel normal when carrying out decisions with gameplay. A great amount of dedication went into the dialog and persona's of each character. It's very easy to give each character their own voice in your head accompanied by any inflections or attenuation caused as the game carries on. It also adds in more of a replay value as you get to learn more about certain characters as you interact with them more.I will not go too granular into game mechanics based on the popular reviews for this game have covered this topic. This is one of those games where I can spend an hour or two in the evening with a glass of bourbon and play out a chapter- like how I would read a book and pick it up the next night. It just grows on you.[My] Overall Score: 8.0/10Soundtrack: 10/10Gameplay: 6/10Replay Value: 7/10Story/Character: 9/10Real Feels Man: 11/10"
,Recommended,481510,34187360,Posted: 12 August,all,Nekot,"While this game isn't for everyone, I still would highly recommend it if you're okay with playing adventure games.I got this game a bit late, a few months after release. I didn't want to buy into the hype that everyone made around this game (I haven't even gotten undertale yet), but then I finally got it one day. I do not regret it at all.This is an adventure game, but without the pointing and clicking, everything is done via the keyboard (or controller if you use one). This can  get a little while to get used, especially at the start of the game (where you have to learn to press spacebar instead of enter or whatever in order to select a menu option); but once you're inside, there's really no going back.You play as Mae, an anthropomorphic cat who just recently dropped out of college for various reasons. The first few days in game might be a little slow, but it introduces all of the main characters and much of the interactions pretty well, as well as some background. I never ever felt lost in this game, though at some points, I didn't understand what was going on or why, but after reading into the game and doing a second playthrough, you do learn why certian sequences and such were included and what they represent. This is one of the few games that I've ever played that has actually made me feel emotions and joy for doing things. You can build up attachments to the characters and depending on who you spend time with in the playthrough, those characters open up more to you, giving you insights into the way they act, how they feel, and what they feel about you, the character. The main characters all have flaws and quirks, and they make them extremely relatable if you haven't lived through a perfect life. Whether those flaws are related to trauma, situation, or health, they all impact the character of the person you're talking to.  The story ramps up over time, but depending on how you play, it can take a while to get to if you're one of those 'do everything, see everything' kind of people, don't get discouraged by this though. Persistance is well rewarded, either through dialogue, minigames, sequences, or even in some cases, music. There is definitely enough to reward the player for a second playthrough (or even third, etc.) and there are a lot of memorable sequences in the game that you will want to experience again. Saving is done through autosaves after the end of certain sequences and whenever you choose 'save and exit' from the menu dropdown in the notebook. There are several minigames that are presented throughout the main game, one being a rogue-lite dungeon crawler, another a rythm game in the vein of guitar hero, a theivery minigame, and some more. Most if not all of those minigames have a story related impact and can affect dialog and other things in the game depending on your performance. The soundtrack is superb, and is also available to purchase/download as well. I highly recommend getting it as it's way too good for its own right.Overall, I'd have to say that this is my favorite adventure game that I've ever played. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did."
76561198329024741,Recommended,481510,34125594,Posted: 9 August,all,Wintie,The feels ;w;
76561198361644297,Recommended,481510,35032178,Posted: 17 September,all,Triibze.,Honestly one of the best games ive ever played.Angus is the best character final.
,Recommended,481510,31209118,Posted: 17 April,all,♥ ItzSnozilla ♥ (Kenzi),"This is possibly one of the best games I've ever playedThe characters are nice and well scripted, as well as super relatable.The game runs rather nice on a toaster, so you don't need a super beefy PC to run it.WELL FLESHED OUT STORY!Honestly, you should totally buy this, this game is just amazing, don't let anyone put you down on buying this, there is so much in this game though, such as little minigames, and side stories among the other characters in this amazing world."
,Recommended,481510,30335751,Posted: 5 March,all,kotjarich,"Not so many things make me upset when they come to an end, but this... This totally made.MAN, i've fell asleep while playing this game and when I woke up after hour or so I just completed it. Looks like a speedrun but it's really not. This story is awesome. I love every moment of this game.126,5% Best of recent adventure games."
,Recommended,481510,35441866,Posted: 3 October,all,Niko in the Woods,"I've started feeding pretzels to the rats living under the bridge in a nearby park. Thanks for the life lessons, Night in the Woods!"
,Recommended,481510,30505455,Posted: 14 March,all,Hooded Husky,"This game makes me wanna cryNot because of the story, more because it relates too much to the real world and all of the crippling issues of adulthoodsend help"
,Recommended,481510,35500199,Posted: 5 October,all,*:･ﾟ✧ lspike,"This game is so special, it has me absolutely hooked, I just can't stop playing it. I'm gonna pass the 100 hour mark soon and I don't regret a single minute I've spent playing this game. Every feeling, every thought, every moment in time, every situation, every relationship, just everything in this game is captured and portrayed in a heartfelt and personal and real way. Please play this game."
76561198071791361,Recommended,481510,30564823,Posted: 17 March,all,Thorgarrus,"A game that actually calls boomers out on their♥♥♥♥♥♥while they continue to proclaim innocence as if everything wrong with the world had nothing to do with them, as they cling desperately to preserve the ""old ways"", and in their ignorance, completely ignoring the fact that change is inevitable."
,Recommended,481510,30764227,Posted: 26 March,all,alienfood,i really really want to hug gregg but i guess i'll just have to settle with hugging this gregg tulpa that i made :'3
,Recommended,481510,31263451,Posted: 20 April,all,Dr Veau,nice
,Recommended,481510,30174353,Posted: 25 February,all,Sofémon,"A true jem to my steam library,all of my hopes and wait was truely worth it, thank you.Hope the supplementals Longest Night and Lost Constellation get a Steam launch soon!<3"
,Recommended,481510,31328594,Posted: 23 April,all,Baby Cakes,This game made me have a existential crisis10/10 would question my existence again
,Recommended,481510,32013949,Posted: 28 May,all,zefat,my favorite sence is when i got shot ny the KKK||||／￣￣＼|＜ ´･ 　　 |＼|　３　 | 丶＼＜ 、･　　|　　＼＼＿＿／∪ _ ∪)Ｕ Ｕ    /10 good game
,Recommended,481510,30780970,Posted: 27 March,all,BunMuffin,One of those games that you'll remember for a long time. Definately worth the $20 if you like story games that make you care about the characters and stuff.+gr8 story+gr8 characters+gr8 music+gr8 art style+Gregg rulez ok+aaWWWWOOOOOO+Eff the cops+Gregg&Angus+Makes you question the meaning of everything+Running on power lines-Needs more gregg-Not enough pizza and donuts9/10Give me more story and gregg and it would be 10/10
,Recommended,481510,30236168,Posted: 28 February,all,Dragon Wagon,Gregg happy okGregg rulz okAngus rulz okEeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeels dear
,Recommended,481510,30646113,Posted: 20 March,all,Ice Weasel,"Would highly recommend this, especially for those about 18 to about mid twenties. The story is top notch and really hits home on more than one occassion. If you are after a simple but in depth story telling game I would highly recommend going for it."
,Recommended,481510,33139359,Posted: 2 July,all,_Blurry_,"Okay, this game has to be the next Undertale. I just finished the game today, and am so overwhelmed by how GOOD the freaking game is! I rate it 10/10. If you are looking for a funny, complex adventure-ish game with a mystery, get NITW."
,Recommended,481510,30197612,Posted: 26 February,all,Dragnacity,furries
,Recommended,481510,30976740,Posted: 6 April,all,???,Absolutely awesome.
76561198128846028,Recommended,481510,33469395,Posted: 11 July,all,gloriousmishaps,you're a cat and it's not sexualizedbuy this game
76561198109462771,Recommended,481510,30232209,Posted: 27 February,all,"Chin, Bruce Lee's relative",Especially good if you liked Undertale
76561198001049127,Recommended,481510,30192147,Posted: 26 February,all,Squaddle,"A unique platformer that sells you with its beautifully illustrated art, catchy music, and well-written characters.  The gameplay is, unfortunately, very simple and repetitive, often to the point of boredom... save for a couple of funny minigames, you're mostly just running around a small town talking to people for the bulk of the game... so if you're the kind of person who plays games primarily for fun gameplay, you'll probably hate this.That being said, I feel like 'Night in the Woods' excels enough in its strong suits to overcome its flaws.  Overally definitely worth it, a lot of heart went into making this game and it shows.  You'll get around 5-12 hours of gameplay depending on how thoroughly you play the game.Also, fair warning: game is pretty damn real.   Hell, it a little TOO real, sometimes, especially for anyone fresh out of college or around that age range.  A few moments in particular had me stop playing the game altogether for a good minute to just think about my life."
,Recommended,481510,30670994,Posted: 22 March,all,Lrj_,"Night in the Woods is a very strange game. It's not quite a visual novel, but it's also not quite a ""game"" in the conventional sense either. It is one thing though, at least in my personal opinion;It's griping, and a lot more emotionally engaging than you may assume at first.You play as the character Mae, a 20 year old college dropout who returns home to their small town with no plans for the future. The game initially follows her attempts to reconnect with her old friends and grasp on to the past, and does so with a great sense of meaninglessness, until the tone begins to shift when it becomes evident that something mysterious is going on in town.Positives:+ Great story that manages to speak out about real-world issues without sounding pretentious or forced.+ Fantastic writing. All the characters feel human, both in the way they talk, and the way what you say effects them. They all have unique personalities with suitable depth.+ Beatiful, clean art style and fluid animation.+ Amazing soundtrack that fits each moment of the game perfectly.+ Replayable. The game is split into different chapters with set amounts of days, and you are given the choice of which character you want to spend time with during each day. You can spend one playthough committing petty crimes with Gregg, or rebuilding your friendship with Bea, to give two examples. While the overarching ""mystery"" doesn't change, what does is the experience leading up to and following it.+ I encountered no bugs throughout my playthrough.+ Mae's laptop has a 10 level long roguelike game called ""Demon Tower"" that you can play, extending the game's l. Game-ception, if you will.Negatives:- The game initially doesn't provide you with much choice, although this changes around a third of the way through as I said in the positives section.- Little conventional ""gameplay"". While the story got me hooked, the gameplay consists mostly of tied together minigames and platforming segments. Neither feel out of place. The minigames are how you interact with the world and help make the game feel more engaging whereas the platforming comes naturally. However, if you are seeking something with more meat to the actual gameplay, it's worth noting.- The ending is somewhat sudden. While the plot of the ""mystery"" side of the game is left open-ended and can be resolved with a little thought, when it comes to the stories of the individual characters it ends on a bit of a cliffhanger.Overall, if you enjoy story-rich games, I highly recommend Night in the Woods. It's a great game about facing the future - knowning what to hold on to and when to let go, in more ways than one. ;)(Also Gregg Rulez Ok)"
,Recommended,481510,32807400,Posted: 26 June,all,intern. 🐝,this game cute as♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,481510,30103198,Posted: 22 February,all,Kalle,"10/10 future simulatorlet me experience the depression of adult life a year early and gave me a dead arm to poke with a stickgod bless, best game 2017EDIT:After having played through the full game, I’d like to add a more serious note to this.(Very minor non-specific spoilers ahead!)I’ve seen a few reviews calling NITW a “do nothing simulator"". I’ve seen other reviews saying that a normal playthrough will take you 6 to 8 hours average.Let me tell you:if it only takes you 8 hours to finish this game, you’re not playing it properly.My first playthorugh took almost 11 hours, and I definitely missed multiple scenes and only managed to unlock 47% of the achievements. I'll probably clock in at least a few more hours before I feel like I'm done with the game. Take your time with it! The game won't be as enjoyable if you rush it.The town of Possum Springs might seem small, but there’s a lot to do. As the game progresses, you’ll unlock new areas to visit. On top of that, there’s a ton of locations you won’t notice if you don’t explore. One of my favorite characters is Lori — who you can usually only talk to by exploring the power lines.In fact, one of my favorite parts of the game is the side characters. After chatting to (and eavesdropping on) my neighbors every day, I found myself genuinely caring about even the most minor of characters. Their significance to the story isn’t what endears them to you — it’s the feeling that every character is a person with a unique personality and backstory caught through snippets of dialogue.That said, this game is90% character interactions and 10% story. If you're looking for a game with puzzles or action, this probably isn't the game for you. It's a step above a visual novel since you have so many choices, a world to explore, and platforming, but most of the gameplay is dialogue.There are multiple references to the two precursor games — Longest Night and Lost Constellation — and I highly recommend playing these two short games (about a half-hour and two hours in length, respectively) before you start Night in the Woods. Both games are available for free on Infinite Fall’s website!As for replayability, I'm pretty sure it's impossible to see every scene in one playthrough. I definitely got the feeling that you can’t experience all of the storytelling -- there are many in-game days where you have to choose which character to spend your time with. That said, I doubt I would play the game more than a few times, and Night in the Woods is a very story-driven game. Any minigames or puzzles aren’t going to be prominent enough to warrant another playthrough. The story and characters are the primary reason to buy NITW, and I felt like my time and money was well-spent! Coming from someone who usually only buys games in a bundle or on sale, this game is definitely worth the full price.A minor issue I had with the game was the keyboard controls. It could be hard to tell which button exited certain menus/screens at times — sometimes it was C, sometimes V, sometimes ESC. The confirmation button also sometimes alternated between C, F, and Space (as well as X in specific circumstances). As you get used to the game, it won’t be a large problem. The platforming is very easy and intuitive. The art style is also gorgeous — the backdrops and dream sequences were some of my favorites. Character animations feel personalized and lifelike, and I found that the style fit the theme well.The audio in the game is also lovely. The soundtrack for the town screens changes as the game goes on. The game has lyric-less songs that you will play in guitar hero style button-pressing, and they’re easily my favorite part of the soundtrack! Characters are NOT voiced, but there is a quiet sound effect for voices (not unlike animal crossing). The game settings allow you to change the volume or mute individual audio aspects, as well.For all of my praise, I personally found some of the themes to be very heavy and depressing. If you're looking for a cute, happy game, this isn't it. NITW deals with real-world issues including low self-worth, mental illness, and poverty. Talk about a fun time. The game also  contains some horror game-esque scenes and stressful situations. Thankfully, there areno jump scares. Use caution if you have a very weak stomach or the idea of death or mental health disorders bothers you.My only wish for this game is that I had heard about it sooner! I discovered it about two weeks prior to release and waited impatiently ever since. I can sincerely say that it was worth the wait.TL;DR — Great story, relatable protagonist, lovable side characters, beautiful art, music, rich backstory, and kitty paws. What’s not to love?"
,Recommended,481510,31404506,Posted: 27 April,all,Evune,"I love the story, the characters, and atmosphere, just everything about this game bleeds personality. A game like this worth only 20 bucks or so is a steal."
,Recommended,481510,31284230,Posted: 21 April,all,||TINYO||幽霊||,i swear if this game turns into a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ fandom ill kill myself
76561197988873000,Recommended,481510,30089369,Posted: 21 February,all,Sam Widing,"Very fun, I love the music, art, and writing. Worth the price and wait."
76561198081468692,Recommended,481510,31149381,Posted: 14 April,all,Voss,"A bunch of 20 something bisexual, polyamorous socialists encounter Reagan's ghost and talk like it's Tumblr.Writing was pretty dumb a good bit of the time, especially Gregg's lines...or maybe that was the point.Animation and modeling is very well done, and the soundtrack is fantastic.7/10, would throw these characters out of helicopters, but would feel bad about it afterwards."
76561198311859475,Recommended,481510,33475893,Posted: 12 July,all,alengrada,"TL;DR:Night In The Woods is a very detailed and heartfelt game; don't let the art-style fool you.FOR REGULAR PEOPLE:Every character is well-written and fleshed out at one point, even the ones that are just walking around in the background. Although your choices don't really matter in the grand scheme of the story most of the time (which is something I think the game makes clear pretty early on), what they do affect is how you experience the game, meaning which characters you interact with and how you interact with them. Although the plot is good, it's mostly an excuse to introduce you to interesting and deep characters, so this is something I'm okay with given HOW good the characters are.Although I did relate to Mae a lot throughout the story, I found her occasionally doing things that made ME cringe, and want to stop her, and, as far as I could tell, there was nothing I could do to change it. I understand these things are necessary if you want your main character to have personality, and, trust me, Mae is a great character and way better than a blank slate for you to project yourself onto, but it did kind of make me feel disconnected from her, which isn't generally a good thing since she's who I'm playing as. It's a necessary evil, but if I had to choose one major flaw of this game, it would be this.However, when you do intentionally do an action as Mae, and it blows up in your face, nothing feels worse. This game really goes for the emotional deep-dive, and when it plunges you in the heart, it doesn't warn you. I think this is a testament to how good the characters are. You really want the best (or worst) for them, but either way, you're passionate about it, giving you reason to make choices that might not be the best. In other games, it's, ""Well, this is the obviously good choice, so I'll choose that one,"" but through good writing, this game side-steps that problem completely, in a really good use of interactive temptation.Let's talk about the over-world. Although it's not big, there's just SO much to do in it. Jumping around, investigating, talking to people and watching them grow as people as you do. It's great. The over-world is great.So, cool. Here's the list:+Characters are well-written, almost to a fault+Story's compelling and emotional+Good use of interactive temptation+Good overworld design-Occasional dissonance from protagonist. This one might be a big problem for you if you don't align with Mae's character AT ALL.If I had to give it a number out of 10, I'd give it the best of 8s (Actually Very, Very, Very Good)"
,Recommended,481510,30287244,Posted: 2 March,all,Hellspawn,"I'm completely obsessed with this game. It's super well written, absolutely gorgeous, cute and full of interesting stuff to explore. I love everything about it."
76561198042261571,Recommended,481510,30404772,Posted: 9 March,all,Jamie,"If a Choose Your Own Adventure story got spliced with Animal Crossing with some ""HOW DO I LEARN ADULTING"". That's about what Night in the Woods is. It's part platformer and part horror(ish) adventure(ish) game with some rage worthy mini games (Hello Guitar Hero my old foe).What it manages to do is tell the story of a dying middle to lower class town better than any ""Hillbilly Elegy"" that has been recently circulated just about everywhere. I'd know. I live in one. This matches my living situation a lot more than any blowhard trying to sum up things with some feigned sympathy. Possum Springs is a dying town. Mae Borowski has quit college to return home to something familiar. The unfortunate thing is, nothing is familiar. Stores she grew up with have shuttered and one of her childhood friends has gone missing. Then there's the questions of why... Why quit? What is Mae's life, anyway?And you get to find that out.The platforming isn't particularly hard and once you're dropped off into the game, you're given a very relaxing area to traverse to start to learn how to use the jumping. Not difficult and you also learn Mae will inspect things multiple times for many different responses and thoughts. Inspect things regularly. My gripes with the platforming, however, is that I really didn't get to do anything more fun and difficult until near when the game was ending. That was when new things were being introduced, like slipping off odd angles. I was disappointed there wasn't more once I had new, shiny things introduced. The basic dream levels were more so irritating because they were spaced out in a way that gave me about five seconds of raging. But nothing unique other than one or two things that get utilized once and quickly whisked away.Talking to people in town is great and with some characters, will cost you precious time. But this is all about how you will uncover the history and darkness of Possum Springs. Budget your time wisely...and try to prioritize those you want to see so you can hear what they might have to add in your endeavors.The way you interact with people can change how you view the town, but not how your core game plays. So choose your interactions wisely. Do you really want to be a jerk? Do you really want to do THE THING? YOU'RE GOING TO DO THE THING?Night in the Woods is also particularly meme worthy. Mae and her three friends have a great script and they flow very naturally when they banter. Nothing feels very forced. Everything is something you would probably do with a friend or could be something you have said to your circle of friends before. While there are points where the game drags in the story, it'll punch back with something you probably should have seen coming. But you didn't so well, ghosts and stuff. I found Mae to be interesting, but she only really comes into her own later on in the game. You might find her somewhat unlikable at first and decide the rest of Possum Springs is a lot more interesting than he is. Stick with her, please. You'll be rooting for Mae's success and her triumphs.I mean you might also want to start collecting some characters and put them in a basket while announcing ""Don't you ever look at my children AGAIN"" since this game details quite a few tough subjects. But I guess tough subjects are fine when you have cute animals as a platform right? In all honesty, they're dealt in a strangely tasteful way. Confessions of dark, painful things are done while drunk or with awkward one-on-one with a friend, then awkwardly pushed away now that feelings are out in the open. Congratulations. You managed to remind people that this is how we sometimes deal with uncomfortable topics. We blurt them out, laugh, change the subject. It's a way of coping and we do this as people. Thanks for remembering how people work. No sarcasm.The game ends rather abruptly and leaves you wanting more. More answers. More of characters we only saw glimpses of. More about Mae's grandfather. More about everything. But with what does happen, there is at least some closure. Abrupt ending, but closure. We can at least give out points for closure.This. Is not. Undertale. If someone told you this was ""the next Undertale"" I swear... No. The games are nothing alike. This is like watered down Mario with Animal Crossing and a big messy plot. If you ever wished characters in your Animal Crossing town had a tragic background and origin story, this is really something for you. Really. I know you're out there. However, this is best suited for jaded young adults who have been burnt by life (raise your hands) and are looking for something that's more like a hyperactive storybook that needs you to be slightly attentive and play a few mini games as you turn the page. If you're looking for something happy, you're in the wrong place.I still really enjoyed it, even if hopping on telephone wires have completely wrecked my hands for the next few days. Such is the curse of gaming disabled.It's pretty great. Most people would enjoy this game. People who won't enjoy this game? Ghosts. Particularly creepy ones who hang around Harfest."
76561198033659337,Recommended,481510,31176814,Posted: 16 April,all,Perturbed Luigi,"Night in the Woods, oh boy, where to even begin. I think I'll start by saying that I really enjoyed my time playing this game. I liked the setting, the characters, the writing, it's all pretty solid. I especially like the music, most of the game's tracks are very well composed and add to the atmosphere of the game quite a bit, perfectly complementing the minimalist art style and beautiful fall color palette. The characters are fairly believable, as well as highly relatable in a few cases. The game offers decent replay value, offering different dialog and even entirely different segments of the game depending on how you spend your time in Possum Springs....And uh, that's all I can really say about this one without totally spoiling anything about the game. I'd love to post some deeper thoughts on the game, like how it's suprisingly fair with it's politics, not necessarily saying one political belief is superior to another, despite the developer's own political bias, but I don't want spoil a bunch of story for you guys.Go buy it, I highly recommend it, even at it's $20 price tag."
,Recommended,481510,30092420,Posted: 21 February,all,¡¡¡¡¡SilverFlare¡¡¡¡¡,This is the only game I've ever played that allows me to poke a dismembered arm with a stick 10/10 game of the year
,Recommended,481510,30879875,Posted: 1 April,all,Daddy Fernus,BEH HEH HEHBEH HEH HEHBEH HEH HEHBEH HEH HEHgod do I love this game
,Recommended,481510,31569409,Posted: 5 May,all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions reviewNight in the Woods is a game developed by Infinite Fall and published by FinjiNight in the Woods exceeded all my expectations and the story and art managed to sweep me off my feet. I found it quite engaging the whole way through and there is a good bit of replayabilityEverything feels natural and you feel attached to the characters and setting. Just hanging out is really fun. The humor is spot-on. The mini-games are fun. The ending is okay, but I can look past thatNight in the Woods offers a fantastic story with some of the best dialogue I've witnessed in a game which feels all so natural and funny. The music and artwork are near perfect and you hardly recognise that this game was developed on the Unity engine and you get your money's worth since there is plenty of content and replayabilityHowever, the ending wasn't the high point, in my opinioNight in the Woods exceeded all my expectations and anyone who loves playing story driven games should play this!RECOMMENDED :)THEPCGAMER'S BEST GAME IN STEAM LIBRARY! (What's this? :- Like some games get ""Best Game of 2014"" or ""Best Indie Game"", etc... So I have decided to make my own!)"
,Recommended,481510,31874457,Posted: 20 May,all,egg,very quirky game with a great storyline deep characters and a really cool artstyle
76561198103617359,Recommended,481510,30409773,Posted: 9 March,all,Selynmi,"Night in the Woods is one of my new top-favorite games. The storytelling had me enthralled from the beginning, and each of the added layers of the mystery kept me going.I also found myself relating heavily to Mae and her life, more so than I ever could to the characters from Life is Strange. It's as though the writers from this game, actually get it, and were writing from their own real experience of how growing up is a wild mix of emotion and desperate grasping out for familiarity while everything around you changes whether you like it or not.Aside from the amazing writing, the art style was absolutely adorable, but also lent itself to well to the atmosphere at different stages in the game. I really honestly enjoyed this cute style juxtaposed to the crude young adult interactions and spooky mysteries going on.Really, just an amazing game all around, and it does have a degree of replayability as well since there are several choices or smaller story arcs you could miss in the first play through. I would say worth the money and I can't wait to see what these guys make next!"
76561198008675660,Recommended,481510,30974091,Posted: 5 April,all,rexus300,"Wow, do not underestimate this game, there is a really good story that really hits home for anyone who's just out of school, or out of work, or out of balance in life in general.You'd be missing out pretty hard if you don't give this game a shot.My god, what a hidden jewel."
,Recommended,481510,30366846,Posted: 6 March,all,Weasel,"Great experience, really enjoyed the story and the many touching moments in it. The writing is excellent and the artstyle superb. I can see why this game is so highly recommend by everyone :) The replayability is a plus."
76561198086122152,Recommended,481510,30111007,Posted: 22 February,all,Grungle9,"Definately worth the wait, Night in the Woods tells a good story that is more intense than it first seems."
,Recommended,481510,30213581,Posted: 26 February,all,I Aten't Dead,"So Night in the Woods, where to start? Well, it's a surprising game for sure, most people will go into it with the supernatural elements in their mind only to discover it's not quite that. It's not quite a super adventerous game either. Night in the Woods is a visual novel with platforming elements, though this is not at all a bad thing.First off the writing in Night in the Woods is by far the strongest thing it has going for it. Your playable protagonist of the day is the irresponsible, impulsive, but good natured Mae who has just dropped out of college to return to her home town of Possum Springs only to have found that it has aged without her. Every day Mae wakes up and jogs around town, jumping on things and going up to places she really shouldn't be in but still goes to anyways. And this is a chunk of what makes up Night in the Woods, this atmospheric but ultimately padded wandering. While Possum Springs is a small town, exploring everything day after day to see what new conversations and things to acknowledge exist will take twenty minutes or more. Again, the writing is good enough to help push this along to make it feel worth it about half the time. Beyond that you have a distinctive art style along with a nice slow paced soundtrack to really hit the right notes at the right time. It's good, which is good since it's really the biggest thing this game has going for it.Night in the Woods is a slow paced adventuring title with great writing but also suffers from that same slow pacing that helps it build atmosphere. Since Possum Springs is a sleepy burg that has seen better days, the game itself is slow to nearly obnoxious levels. The first of the four parts draws you in through the introduction of characters but the plot really doesn't get going until you get halfway through the game where the more supernatural elements are then introduced. Then your daily routine becomes slightly more exciting through the addition of beautiful dream sequences and small adventures around the town with Mae's friends. But this exciting increase does come a bit late in the game and keeps to that slowness already established, helping the whole scenario feel grounded, but again to a level that may feel obnoxious.So it comes down to this, is Night in the Woods worth your money? Well, I think so. Again writing's great, but you need to have patience. If you don't like the idea of walking around town over and over again talking to different people and trying to understand their lives and how much Mae has accidentally ♥♥♥♥ed those things up then you're not going to like this game. If you want to see the story, by all means, go from point a to point b quickly or watch someone play only the story bits in video form. But again, it's just a fact you're going to have to live with. At $20, Night in the Woods is worth your money, but again only if you're patient with it and are willing to work through its slower moments."
,Recommended,481510,30182064,Posted: 25 February,all,Brothello,A bluenessA danknessA younessA thankness
,Recommended,481510,30375997,Posted: 7 March,all,ThiccKat alive and rdy to die,cute but also metul af
,Recommended,481510,30122948,Posted: 23 February,all,Degreeds,Eff the review.Would walk the powerline again.
76561198077629770,Recommended,481510,30385772,Posted: 7 March,all,Famdawg,Night in the Woods rulz ok
,Not Recommended,481510,31474924,Posted: 30 April,all,nosevole,"I was so excited to play this game, but for me it was a very good reminder that user ratings aren't always an indicator that *you* will like a game.Constantly having to press to move through reams of dialogue because it's given a couple of words at a time was tedious. The 'story rich' aspect was an out and out lie, as there's only a very thin line of plot. Should really change that description to 'absolutely groaning with pointless conversations'.I spent the entire game grinning and bearing the awful vacuous 'teenspeek' waiting for something to happen, and before I knew it the credits rolled.When I entered the first dream I thought ""Aha! This is going to be where the real game starts!"" But sadly, no. Other than jumping about and pressing through dialogue this game is just... empty. It feels like someone took a really brilliant game and sucked out all the important bits. An absolute crushing disappointment."
,Not Recommended,481510,30108944,Posted: 22 February,all,a Smooth Criminal,"I spent 20 dollars on this. I didn't back it through Kickstarter, but I saw it through some ads and was pretty excited to finally pick it up.The verdict? Pretty art and beautiful music cannot save a terrible, terrible story.The first three to four hours of the game are spent doing very mundane tasks around town. During the night, you get cryptic dream episodes that were at first very enjoyable... but have no payoff. The worst part about this whole game was the fact that I kept playing expecting it to go somewhere-- and then it started to! I was finally ready to dive into the story that this game had to offer!The next chapter? ""Epilogue"". The game was over. I'd spent 7 hours doing mundane nonsense for a cast of completely unlikable characters (that the narrative tries to redeem over and over to no avail-- the most likable character, Agnus, gets the fewest lines) without the option to tell them off. You're always a total fool.Also, the dialog? Riddled with syntax errors. Suffers from a lack of commas and oftentimes forgets punctuation at the end of a sentance, making the dialog read terribly.(Slight spoilers ahead, though I can't spoil much as I didn't even understand the ending.)But back to the narrative-- as soon as things pick up, which they do about 5 hours into this 7 hour game, they go WAY fast. The pacing? Awful. Suddenly your friend has a crossbow? You're sick? (Why?) There's something after you (what is it??? I literally just wanted to know what it was).Also, look. I have a tumblr. I can tell this was written by people who use tumblr. I am EXTREMELY liberal, but there was no subtlety to the ""screw the police!"" and ""baby boomers are ruining the world"" and ""the economy is terrible"".  There's not even any humor to lighten what is an overwhelmingly negative message and worldview. Or maybe the way the characters insulted one another was supposed to invoke a feeling a humor? Who knows.Do yourself a favor and skip this one in favor of Oxenfree. This game is very similar, but it hits visuals, sound, AND story where this one hits two of the three.On that note, a few positives:The art direction and sound design of this game are absolutely remarkable! That' why I picked it up in the first place. I wanted to screenshot some of those environments and put them up as my desktop wallpaper! The color theory was impeccable!I just wish the story had been up to par. Hire a different writer next time, guys! Errors in syntax are unforgivable, come on.If you want to look at pretty art, go for it. If you want a story, play something else."
,Recommended,481510,30548667,Posted: 16 March,all,Walla,NITW>Undertale
76561198083985231,Recommended,481510,30116361,Posted: 23 February,all,111039111,I can't jump on Bea's nose. ;(
,Recommended,481510,30093969,Posted: 21 February,all,Joe,"Probably not for everyone, but I liked it a whole lot.Visuals are nice. Music is nice. Story is intriguing. Writing is clever and I loved all of the characters.I would write more, but I feel like this is one of those games where going in knowing less is better."
,Recommended,481510,30943086,Posted: 4 April,all,Snipper | Trade.tf,Love this game SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUUUUUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I can relate alot to this game! :P
,Recommended,481510,30948882,Posted: 4 April,all,unnegative,Absolutely beautiful.
,Recommended,481510,30950151,Posted: 4 April,all,Sirells007 Csgo-Coins.com,"Fun game, great story, one of my favourite games. Really recommend"
,Recommended,481510,31890641,Posted: 21 May,all,FriendSheep,I LOVE THIS GAME MORE THAN LIFE
,Recommended,481510,31872988,Posted: 20 May,all,Skógarbjörn,Damn.
76561198079071360,Recommended,481510,30113160,Posted: 22 February,all,smilodon142,"I would recommend this game to people who enjoyed ""life is Strange"" or ""Always Sometimes Monsters""."
76561198130607716,Recommended,481510,31613429,Posted: 7 May,all,[SS]Harmonycry,"Night in the Woods is a story-driven platformer where you play as Mae, a college dropout, who has just returned to her hometown of Possum Springs.Disclaimer: If you are looking for a game with a lot of involved gameplay and action, this is not the game for you. Night in the Woods is closer to a visual novel where you occasionally have choices and play mini games.The dialogue in this game is amazing, and the humor is fantastic. Each in-game day I found myself talking to every character so I wouldn't miss anything.The soundtrack in the game is also wonderful. The best songs, in my opinion, are the ones that play during Mae's dreams. The build-up to each song is great, and more is added to the song as you progress.As I mentioned before, the gameplay is largely based around the story, and it follows Mae's day to day life after she returns home. The days alternate between hanging out with her friends, and playing a guitar-hero style mini game for band practice. All the while, a mystery is unfolding in the town.Night in the Woods, is one of the best games I've played recently, and I definitely recommended playing it."
,Recommended,481510,32459631,Posted: 15 June,all,dieing (ascended),this is the best game ive ever played in my entire life
,Recommended,481510,30401551,Posted: 8 March,all,Tsuken,Says a lot with only a few words.Might actually be my favorite story-driven game of the last decade.Mallard.M A L L A R D .
76561198119132000,Recommended,481510,30211168,Posted: 26 February,all,silenceisred,You know it's a good game we got to break out the depression medication to finish it. Oh boy...EDIT: Greg Rulz. OK?
76561198053495347,Recommended,481510,30647502,Posted: 20 March,all,drkiner,Superbly emotional and resonant game. Could not recommend enough for people who love to be emotionally distraught. <3
76561198030761921,Recommended,481510,30787040,Posted: 27 March,all,Fahkxer,"This game is simply amazing. The likeable and fun characters along with the cutesy graphics and animation bring together a world that anyone would wish to be part of. The story telling through your dialogue choices and the relationship based character building helps tie the game together and keeping you to play through to see all possible outcomes.This game has very quickly become one of my all time favorites. So much more positive things to say, but so little time.TLDR:GreggRulzOK"
,Recommended,481510,30812736,Posted: 29 March,all,Dan Hibiki,"Strong contender for 2017 GOTY. Commits nearly every videogame storytelling sin in the book but manages to get away with it through its charming characters, wry dialogue, and stellar soundtrack. You'll be thinking about it long after credits roll."
,Recommended,481510,30088000,Posted: 21 February,all,FeliciaVagabond,"About 3.5 hours into the game so far and all I can say is wow. Worth the wait! The characters, the story, the gameplay, and the overall attention to detail... It's definitely a story rich game like it claims to be and it almost feels like a movie or tv show. It took me back to my 20s when I had no idea what I wanted or where my life was headed. The sarcasm and humor is dark, witty, and fresh. I just can't say enough good things."
76561198086913586,Recommended,481510,32703208,Posted: 23 June,all,Hustle Hour,Bea is baeAlso Gregg rulezz
,Recommended,481510,30247084,Posted: 28 February,all,Duffodil,GET IT
,Recommended,481510,33164388,Posted: 2 July,all,Zachariah,"Come for the art, stay for the relationships, live through the music."
,Recommended,481510,33161051,Posted: 2 July,all,Tiger,Gregg Rules OK
,Recommended,481510,32168977,Posted: 3 June,all,S A I N T P E P S I,GREG RULZ OK
76561198060976385,Recommended,481510,30996119,Posted: 7 April,all,xxWeedwizard360noScope69,some good♥♥♥♥♥♥man
,Recommended,481510,32833267,Posted: 26 June,all,Mr. Pancake Man,Gameplay: coolStory: coolCharacters: coolMusic: coolcool/10
,Recommended,481510,30163149,Posted: 25 February,all,OtherThatGuy,"Committing crimes, being comfy, this game has it all."
,Recommended,481510,30761346,Posted: 26 March,all,SimmulatorEXPO,"I just finished the game and I just cant say much it left me with joy and sadness and alot of qeustions like is there going to be a sequel but I am sure about one thing Its a great game crafted with love and is a great game with great art, story and heart. It make me sad to leave this world of great storys charaters and more it makes me want to go lie down and sleep and hope something will will repace this and bring me more joy.Gregg rules ok-GreggMan I try to hard to be funny anyways dont wach anyone play it unless you dont want to play it or you can buy it"
,Recommended,481510,30649145,Posted: 21 March,all,Jeff Mangum's Sweater,"I don't know where to even start with this game, but it's great. If you've ever been a listless young adult, you'll certainly find at least one relatable character. It's evident that the developers put a lot of love into the game and it does not disappoint. Well worth the price, I cannot recommend it enough."
76561198002452215,Recommended,481510,32277117,Posted: 8 June,all,ricardo.gladwell,"Sincere, inventive, funny, sad, beautiful, strange."
76561198027748922,Recommended,481510,30209907,Posted: 26 February,all,Action Bastard,One of the best games i've every played.
,Recommended,481510,31271607,Posted: 21 April,all,Drake & the Magic CPU Upgrade,"This is one of those games that will grab you by the life experiences and beat the feels into you. The first half of the game felt like playing my early 20s. But if you are not or were not a total screw up you will probably still find that characters relatable and amusing. I won't say much more because this really is one of those blind playthrough is the best playthough games. My advice though, use the classic RPG rule, talk to everyone.Pros:Relatively ShortVery relatable characterscontrols workVery nice music, feels almost familiarCons:Art style may not be liked by allNeutral:Story takes a while to get going, ultimately I think worth it, but if you feel like the story hit a sand bar hang in there."
76561198084244215,Recommended,481510,34118265,Posted: 8 August,all,Br3ndo,"Repetitive and slow at times but what saves it is the writing, and MAN does it save it"
,Recommended,481510,31418542,Posted: 28 April,all,//Vánagandr.hnd,"Things this game can teach you;We all has to grow up eventually, for some it's easier than others.Everyone has their own unique and interesting look on lifeDON'T go into the woods alone. (Like seriously, what the ♥♥♥♥ are you doing?)You can only make and strengthen a certain amount of connections, so spend that time on the people that matter most to you.Gregg rulz okay!?Don't dwell on your pass but learn from it and move on.and so many other things but you should really play the game and see them for yourself.Fantastic game 10/10 Would not play again because this is more of a one time experience than a replayable game, even though they give you the option to.EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELS GUYS"
76561198127978329,Recommended,481510,31404985,Posted: 27 April,all,Mae,omg i love it BUY IT
76561198104991512,Recommended,481510,30379200,Posted: 7 March,all,LDIES,nice game
,Recommended,481510,31714610,Posted: 12 May,all,austin.hudson,"A fun, emotional, compelling journey through what it means to be a young adult. The gameplay is varied in some surprising ways, and while there is some degree of backtracking in the game, it's thematic and I personally feel it adds to the experience. I've been telling all my friends about this game, and will recommend it to anyone who will listen."
,Recommended,481510,31248992,Posted: 19 April,all,☞,i love committing crimea
,Recommended,481510,30110347,Posted: 22 February,all,Molly Percocets,hey this game is a great metaphor for why the boomers are garbage.
,Recommended,481510,30110684,Posted: 22 February,all,momma's little helper,millennial simulator 2017.scott benson knows how to suckyou into his world.Y/10 - would mae again.
76561198038625342,Recommended,481510,31024301,Posted: 8 April,all,Dash,"Night in the Woods is truly something special.  It captures a section of America that's usually not captured...certainly not in this much accurate detail.  Playing this game really feels like growing up in one of these rural coal region towns.  Either the developers grew up in this town, or they interviewed people that did, because it really gets the feeling down.  Then on top of that they built a deep emotion filled story with a touch of mystery.  I would probably say nothing at all in this game is bad, some things could be better, but it's as close to perfect as a game could get.So for starters this is an adventure game, but it doesn't really have puzzles.  The gameplay mainly just consists of you talking to people and getting to know them and to know yourself.  The most important gameplay elements are to decide who you want to hang out with each night.  You can't hang out with everyone, so choices must be made.  You get a very strong Twin Peaks vibe from this game, it's very similar to Life is Strange.  You are simply trying to solve the mystery of what is going on in this town and what is going on with you.  I quite enjoyed this approach.  I loved getting to know the interesting characters in the town and learning about myself.  I kept hanging out with Beatrice as I felt like I was responsible for repairing our friendship.I’m fine with the game having no real puzzles or combat.  I hate “walking simulators,” but I definitely feel this does not fall into that category.  The problems I have with “walking simulators,” are they always fall into the same awful game design.  You just walk while voice over narration plays at you until you get to the end, or you walk until you click something that plays an audio recording and then continue walking until the end.  You have no real sense of exploration or interaction because the pathways are really just linear and the game is just waiting for you to reach checkpoints to run each script.Games like Life is Strange and Night in the Woods are actual worlds that you can explore.  It’s populated by real people that you can have conversations with.  Both games might be light on puzzles, but they allow you to interact with characters and yourself and develop them overtime and feel like real relationships are being created.  You care for characters in Life is Strange and Night in the Woods because you spend so much of the game getting to know them and how they play a role in your life.These games also rely on a mystery element that is always driving the story and you feel that each conversation you have with someone provides you with more knowledge that might help you solve the ultimate mystery.  These conversations become actual puzzle pieces as you try and piece the story together and solve the mystery.  You worry that perhaps by missing a key person or saying the wrong thing to them will cause you to miss a key kernel of knowledge that will cause you as the player to fail to figure out the mystery before the big reveal at the end and hence even though you might have “won” the game you actually failed in solving the puzzle.A good adventure game will accomplish this feeling in the player, a bad adventure game will fail to create that feeling due to a failure of one or more of those elements.  Night in the Woods succeeds in creating the deep and interesting characters to such a degree that even though the mystery ends up being fairly unsolvable doesn’t detract from how good the game is.It also helps that the presentation of the game is literally outstanding.  Everything from the music, to character design, to environment design just comes together so perfectly that it’s basically a masterclass in how to create an overarching tone in a game.  The decision to represent all characters as cute anthropomorphic animals is genius.  The town of Possum Springs and the themes of the game of abuse, depression, unemployment, loneliness, hopelessness, distrust, oppression, hatred of outsiders, and jealousy are so overwhelming that this game would be very difficult…more like impossible, to play if the presentation to not exude the complete opposite.It’s hard at least at the start to accept the terrible situations all these characters find themselves in when they are so adorable to look at.  I mean you’re a cute cat home from dropping out of college.  Your parents are equally cute cats.  Your friend Gregg who has a dead end job at the local 7/11 is an easily excitable fox.  His boyfriend is a very huggable looking bear.  Your best friend is a sassy alligator.  Even the way your character moves cuts away from the depressing themes of the game.  You always bounce around with a smile on your face throwing your arms in the air.The music is a low key almost jazz like score.  It’s constantly exuding a happy mellow vibe.  When it becomes more upbeat it still just screams that things are ok, just smile and be happy.  Even in the darkest points in the game the music doesn’t create a scary anxious atmosphere like Silent Hill or some other survival horror game might have, instead it’s just quieter and more somber.  It puts you at ease I’d say, almost spooky happy is how I would term it.This is matched by the just gorgeous art of the world.  The world just pops.  Towns like Possum Springs in the real world tend to be depressing.  Abandon buildings will liter the landscape and you can feel the depression leaking out of every building and even the ground itself.  In this game you walk around feeling like even with the town falling apart it’s still beautiful.  The game uses bright colors and I would probably say a minimalistic design to increase the beauty of the world.  I can’t imagine this being accomplished in 3-D, so the 2-D platformer they basically created was genius.  Every single moment in the game could be a framed piece of art on a wall.  Sitting on the bridge to Possum Springs with the sun behind you is such a perfect moment.  The game is constantly telling you from it’s presentation that the world is a good place even if bad things are happening.Normally, I would talk a lot more about the story of the game, since this is an adventure game and they live or die on how good the story is.  I don’t feel I really need to say more than that the story is fantastic and you should play this game and experience it.  I already called this game a masterpiece.I guess story wise I will say I felt it was a bit disappointing that you never know who is part of the murderous cult killing people in the town.  The whole game I figured it was some cult that was killing people and was expecting it to be revealed that some people you were talking to were leading this cult, but the cult just seems to be made up of people you don’t know.  To me that was disappointing.  A good mystery shouldn’t be unsolveable, sure clues in the game lead you toward the conclusion that it was a crazy cult murdering people for an elder god, but nothing showed you who these people were.  The game definitely cared more for the realistic story beats about the lives of these characters over the more unrealistic murdery/supernaturally elements.# Worth Any Price."
76561198059362878,Recommended,481510,30213517,Posted: 26 February,all,Cassette,As a punk 20 year old I cannot recommend it enough. It is perfect.
,Recommended,481510,30862697,Posted: 31 March,all,otter,crimes
76561198042597689,Recommended,481510,31729072,Posted: 13 May,all,Kiodo Kaijin,it's good
,Recommended,481510,34388333,Posted: 20 August,all,Bombshell,Gregg rocks ok
,Recommended,481510,30627505,Posted: 19 March,all,Microsoft Excel,"*NOTE: I HAVE NOT FINISHED THE GAME AS OF WRITING THIS REVIEW. OPINIONS MAY CHANGE*Night in the Woods is a charming adventure game with lovable characters, a fantastic story, and a fantastic art style. I don't want to spoil anything, but the biggest driving factor in NITW is the relatable, real characters. While playing, in a section where the player inputs a lot of the dialouge, I felt as if the character I was talking to, Gregg, was truly real. It took me a glance at my phone and a fever induced cough attack to realize, ""I'm talking to a character in a video game, yet it feels like I'm in the forest with my best friend.""10/10"
76561198369583486,Recommended,481510,33446599,Posted: 10 July,all,ALIEN3YES,"The story is very well told and you actually feel for the characters and have empathy for them, the setting is great, the characters are funny, sarcastic, outstandingly great, but the ending was a let down, I really didn't like it that much, but still in my perspective it was an enjoyable game, i would defenetly would recommend."
76561198096576574,Recommended,481510,34624874,Posted: 30 August,all,LizzieBizzie,"Fun to play and great buildup, but that payoff was just so mehhhhhh. I really loved the atmosphere and the characters it all had a great feeling, but i cant bring myself to play it again like i usually do with games. Very slow for little reward ;("
76561198152241482,Recommended,481510,30579701,Posted: 17 March,all,ryanfox.osg,This dumb cat is the cutest character I've seen in a while. Love the game
,Recommended,481510,30970242,Posted: 5 April,all,camie,gregg rulz ok
,Recommended,481510,30085966,Posted: 21 February,all,maybe 10%,"encounter cosmic divinities!feast at donut wolf!conduct an investigatory expedition to your local library!wallow in the human condition!On the fence?There's playable teasers on their website, and musical libations on infiniteammo's bandcamp.You should know what you're getting into with this game, and I feel it lives up to that expectation. :)I've some qualms with the lack of a remotely complex save system, many of the achievements being awkward at best, and the fact that replayability invites unskippable repeats of mostly already-experienced dialogue: when the dialogue options are primarily binary choices that change only a slight portion of the oncoming dialogue, I think fast-tracking to new experiences could've been available.That said, a unique experience that's great for people who like a break from bang! bang! and who wonder if there is anything better in life than passing your friend's big hairy bear a pizza slice just out of their reach while devouring said friend's crusts."
76561198008410573,Recommended,481510,30096681,Posted: 22 February,all,Dandelion,10/10
,Recommended,481510,32027861,Posted: 28 May,all,2 - 32,list of things that i dont like about this game:-it isn't longer----
,Recommended,481510,30488634,Posted: 13 March,all,Артур,Do it for Bea. She needs it.
,Recommended,481510,30117745,Posted: 23 February,all,Отец Кодзимы,"Увлекательная, смешная, ламповая игра с невероятным визуальным рядом и саундтреком. 12\10 и игра года."
76561198019159825,Recommended,481510,32090893,Posted: 31 May,all,✪ Red ︻芫═───,This game is beautiful(:
,Recommended,481510,30248620,Posted: 28 February,all,Dark Raccoon,Gregg rulz ok
,Recommended,481510,31668391,Posted: 10 May,all,A Dolan,"Torrent it for the lols,Baught it for the feels.________█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░█_______█░░░░░░░███░░░█░░░░░░░░░█_______█░░░░███░░░███░█░░░████░█______█░░░██░░░░░░░░███░██░░░░██_____█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░███____█░░░░░░░░░░░░░██████░░░░░████░░█____█░░░░░░░░░█████░░░████░░██░░██░░█___██░░░░░░░███░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░███__█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█████████░░█████████_█░░░░░░░░░░█████_████___████_█████___█_█░░░░░░░░░░█______█_███__█_____███_█___██░░░░░░░░░░░░█___████_████____██_██████░░░░░░░░░░░░░█████████░░░████████░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░█░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░███████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██░░░░░░░░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒███████████████▒▒█░░░░░░░░░█▒▒███████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░░░░░░█▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█████████████████░░░░░░░░░░████████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██████████████████░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██▓██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░██"
76561198021761975,Recommended,481510,34585372,Posted: 29 August,all,Chiken chaser,crimes
,Not Recommended,481510,31625887,Posted: 8 May,all,carolinehuh,"I was really disappointed with this game.  I think part of it was being overhyped and being really excited upon seeing the ""overwhelmingly positive"" rating, but honestly I wish I hadn't bought this game.  I would definitely recommend reading the reviews carefully before buying.  For me, the two major issues were the following (minor spoilers, not about plot):1) I found the gameplay incredibly dull.  Now this can be excused, I think, given that it's really a narrative-based, story-centric game.  The most engaging parts were the three guitar-hero-esque mini games or demon tower (also a mini game).  The rest of it is just kind of jumping around (kind of slowly, I might add) around town which I think made up like 90% of the time played.  I hardly think I'm exaggerating.2) Now I think this is a matter of personal taste, but honestly, I didn't like the story.  I was expecting an amazing story given the weak gameplay and the rave reviews.  It's relatable, I think, as a young adult, interesting, and definitely funny at times.  It has charming writing and good moments, but didn't have a lot of overall substance.  The events of the game didn't feel very significant, if that makes sense.  Like a lot of it feels like dawdling or wandering listlessly (maybe that's the point though...?? maybe?).  Otherwise, it felt like I was waiting for something big to happen the whole game, and the climax was very much a let down.Otherwise, it had stunning visuals and good character development, but definitely not worth 20 bucks.  I really wish I'd spent the money on another game instead.  But it's definitely not for you if you're looking for something more fast-paced or exciting."
,Recommended,481510,32335337,Posted: 10 June,all,MLGeater,nice 7/10
76561198277984478,Recommended,481510,30173460,Posted: 25 February,all,TemmieNeko,"I am fully prepared for this game to become ""the next undertale"" in terms of popularity.It blew up overnight, and I can see why!It's sooo charming! The writing, the animations, the characters, the world ...just everything clicks together in such a satisfying way.I originally was sure I would hate this game, and I was expecting to cut it up.And then I met Gregg ( he rulz, ok? )After that it was an emotional roller-coaster mixed with laughs and some tense moments along the way.Mae is just a confused young-adult ( she's only 20 )She's trying to find her place in the world, and in that finds some mysteries surrounding her hometown of possum springs.You can choose what to say in some areas, there's even a sub plot involving your friends, and you choose who to spend time with each day.The game operates on a day system, every day Mae is faced with new stories, and characters with their own dilemmas , you can choose how it plays out, and I have to say : it;s more rewarding then those TellTale games that fake the choices you make... they never had consequnece, everything always got smoothed out.Not here! You make a choice, and you are stuck with it; for better or worse.IN addition to the vanilla game, there are hidden secrets to find, mini games dotted throughout ( including a very challenging guitar-hero inspired ""band practice""I had alot of fun seeking out secrets and finding all the hidden lore, each day was a new adventure, wondering what I would find next!Can't recommend this game enough !!!"
,Recommended,481510,35249599,Posted: 27 September,all,70w1¥,"I wonder why I never did a review on this game, probably should've done that long time ago, huh?Night in the Woods is a something. Not a game - but a story. Not a fairytale, but a very sad reflexion of what we all face in our lives. The main character is still a kiddo, a dropout of college, lost in her own thoughts, not knowing what to do with her life. She comes home - as we all do when we're lost, and tries to figure out what she is and what she isn't; she's facing her past and trying to make up for the mistakes she's done that hurt her beloved ones.The game's getting a little bit dark in the end, and I'm still not quite sure on how to interprete the ending (if you can even call it a one), but it's still totally worth your time. Just sit back and gregg rulez ok."
,Not Recommended,481510,32628765,Posted: 21 June,all,Pot Pie,"Was expecting a sort of supernatural mystery affair with puzzles and exploration, but instead I got a load of teenage drama and almost zero actual gameplay beyond some bad minigames.Mae is possibly the least likable protagonist I've ever seen in a videogame. She's an incompetant, lazy, rude, dumb, self-absorbed college drop-out who comes back to her hometown to live with her parents.The only character i really liked was Bae because she had half a mind to call Mae out on her ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, though at the end she inexplicably drops that and admits that Mae really is a ""good person"" Which is a funny thing to say about someone who pressures you into shoplifting and makes you look bad in front of other people.The game tricks you into believing there will be a cool mystery story set up, but it all builds up to absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing nothing. When things start getting interesting, the game just hastily drops everything and ends. I felt cheated out of a good story. Not to spoil too much, but the main conflict is literally solved with 'rocks fall, everyone dies' type of lazy writing. There are mentions of some great catastrophe befalling the town, but nothing happens. Mae has a few dream sequences that seem like they're gonna mean something, but they mean nothing.If i have to say nice things, i'll admit the art is very pretty and i liked some of the humor. but otherwise than that, i don't see anything to recommend in this game."
,Recommended,481510,31433927,Posted: 29 April,all,Scarf,Great story and sound design>Hits some soft spots i crai
,Recommended,481510,33537105,Posted: 14 July,all,Deano,"Good game with great characters and music and decent plot, but I dont think its worth of the huge praise its getting from almost everyone. Its fun, relatable to a degree and does make you care about the characters, but people are saying 'it changed my life, the best gaming experience ever' really? 20% of the game is jumping and hitting lamposts with your head in dreams and trying to find a huge crocodile, and that changed your life? Worth the money but definetely not a masterpiece and i doubt youll remember it after a month or two.""cats talk 10/10 would meme again"" Please stop saying this"
,Recommended,481510,33954906,Posted: 1 August,all,Asriel,- relatable sometimes- sad sometimes- nice musiks- pretty art9/10
,Recommended,481510,30201946,Posted: 26 February,all,Fisiacik ♥,bretty good
76561198044175517,Recommended,481510,30090127,Posted: 21 February,all,Soranthax,"One of those few games you can call ""art"" without having any remorse, Awesome, beautiful and touching,"
,Recommended,481510,30089904,Posted: 21 February,all,Smarty,"Slow buildup, but really damn fun.REALLY damn fun."
,Recommended,481510,30111631,Posted: 22 February,all,MrMittensMeow.Tv,"Just finished the game (if there are no alternate ending). Night in the woods is a lovely game, the art, the music, the story, all very amazing. This game is very story based, it may have alternate endings aswell. I recommend this game if you are in the mood to chill, as well explore all you can and make sure too talk to everyone more than once, to have full game play. Overall, this game is very entertaining and beautiful 10/10. Now I just need the sound track!"
,Not Recommended,481510,35117659,Posted: 21 September,all,Gemah ~ Suddenly Doggo,"tl;dr: Overrated walking simulator with charming aesthetics and soundtrack, but it has zero replayability and fails to deliver its message with a story that is all over the place.It took me quite a while to finally write my opinion on thisgame, because only now I formed a solid opinion on it.Night in the Woods is not something I'd consider a game, but rather a glorified visual novel/interactive adventure that actually manage to get exploration and platforming (despite being limited) right. The characters' design and art is actually nice and appealing, reminiscent of geometric designs with lively colors of cartoons and other media from the past. The soundtrack is superb, if you don't want the game you can always get the music on bandcamp.However the story is a wreck and messy. Things just happen suddenly and many times they're not even properly explained until the very end, leaving you in confusion regarding what is actually real and not, and why. Most characters, aside from the main ones have next to zero personality. The main ones have a personality but they're flat and depthless.Mae herself is all over the place. She's just there doing things and that's all about her. She's shown with some issues and being afflicted with mental illness but that's never explored properly until it'ssomehow(?)convenient to bring it up.Angus is an stereotypical internet atheist and that's it. His relationship with Gregg is never explored aside from some few scenes and the line ""we're the only gay folks in town"", making them both the literal trope of token gays.Gregg is the character with has the biggest amount of personality on the whole""game""but only because he's obonoxiously rebel/delinquent. He's shown to have fears and bipolarity but that's just shown a few times and quickly forgotten.Bea is the character that's the most fleshed out of the 4, but guess what, she's annoyingly socialist at times, just like we see everywhere in the internet nowadaysTM. Quite a shame for her to have the most detailed backstory only to be a walking polictical preaching trope.It feels a bit disappointing to have a character's backstory, dreams, motivations and traumas brought only so they're considered superficially through a small portion of the story. NitW does manage to bring some messages and criticism well, on how capitalism's negative aspects are hurting vulnerable people, for example. Showing how good old times are left in the past and (maybe) never coming back leaves a nostalgic, depressing yet satisfying taste. But with few hours further on it all gets quickly overwritten by a rushed, poorly developed story with an unidimensional progression and superficial gameplay.One thing NitW got right was to deliver a sad, decaying atmosphere of a town that once was radiant and prosperous but is gradually becoming more and more irrelevant and decrepit, but while it is atmospherically good it ruins itself with tons of completely irrelevant extras that are in no way pertinent to the story and setting, much less to minor lore or even gameplay.Many achievements are bugged and require you to play the game multiple times through two paths (Gregg's or Bea's) which have zero impact on the main story whatsoever. The Bass minigames and Demontower minigame are actually nice. I wish there were a way to play them on the go, without requiring to go through the main game to access them.And one of the most disappointing things about the NitW is how the game fails to deliver its message. The most acknowledged message is that NitW is about a world that doesn't care, how things will never be the same again and in the end you're supposed to hang around those little fellas who do care about you, and do the best on your own side. Yet it is supposed to be a huge metaphor for how much we need socialism, which pretty much falls flat when it shows that there are people that doesn't care at all and are ready stop cooperating in order to achieve their goals. It shows people coming together as some crucial part of socialism when that can be also achieved on capitalism, or dissociated from any political stance at all.Therefore, I'm unable to recommend it to anyone. You're better just watching Let's Plays or Longplays on Youtube and taking your own considerations and forming your own opinions yourself."
76561198015045045,Recommended,481510,30087221,Posted: 21 February,all,Arcyrias,Poke dead body parts with sticks 10/10
,Recommended,481510,30103456,Posted: 22 February,all,TR!NØC,Crimes?Crimes.Crimes.
,Recommended,481510,30130580,Posted: 23 February,all,Skrimes,kitty
,Not Recommended,481510,31085917,Posted: 11 April,all,squirdgle,"I haven't finished the game yet, and I may very well change my opinion by the time I'm done, but as it stands, I just can't recommend the game.The gameplay is repetitive and dull. It's essentially just ""Get up, go do something with your friends, go back home, sleep, platforming dream sequence"" repeated ad infinitum, which gets painfully dull after a while. The characters are kind of whiny and annoying, and are occasionally used as a vehicle to push the developers' political agenda (observe: one character writing poetry about how she wants to burn down Silicon Valley even though this game would not have been possible without the work of the millionaires in Silicon Valley). The music and artstyle are good, but if that's all there is to do in the game, is it really worth purchasing? Everything I see here has been done better somewhere else. The characters and story were done better by Life is Strange, the quirky atmosphere and music were done better by Undertale, the gameplay has been done better by nearly every other game I've ever played, and so on.I feel like this is a game that's just better to pass up."
76561198342202419,Not Recommended,481510,33755580,Posted: 23 July,all,Soft&Wet,"So, when I first heard of Night In the Woods, I found a lot of positive things about it, like amazing characters, story, and good pacing. But sadly, it was very underwhelming now that I've finished the game. In NITW, you play as a 20-year-old cat named Mae, who just dropped out of college. With this information introduced early in the game, you wonder how the main character handles that change and why she dropped out. You get an idea of the protagonist’s internal conflict and main plot. Besides Mae, you are also introduced to her friends, Gregg, Bea and Angus, who help her adjust back to town.Now an important aspect of the game is hanging out with either Bea or Gregg, where you can see how Mae plays off them. I finished the game hanging out with Bea every day, but even though I have no idea what Gregg has to offer, and I do not want to replay NITW again just to see the other route. In the Bea route, I learned that she has her own personal problems, such as dealing with her small business and other spoiler related things. Overall, Bea is a well written character, and I enjoyed being with her. This characterization shows how well NITW can develop its characters, but remember, Mae is the main protagonist.An essential part of a character's growth is conflict. For example, in the game, Bea argues with Mae over her immaturity, but it was quickly resolved the next day, and Mae continues to wander town distracting herself from her problems. Another argument happens between Mae and her mom over the dropout, yet the conflict is quickly resolved the next day and never brought up again. Which brings me to my next point.What should make the story engaging is the protagonist. Yet Mae is a very flat character, and the conflicts she faces are resolved too quickly. Don't get me wrong, the game has a lot of potential in its story, but it has many plot holes, incomplete arcs, repetition, and iffy gameplay.Now onto the PROS and CONS.PROS:-The game at least connected the background characters to Mae, which helped me understand more about her past and relationship to the small-town cast.-Most of the NPCs have an interesting and charming personality, ex. Selmers, Mr. Chazokov, and Pastor Karen.-Beautiful eye candy art and soothing music.-Possum Spring’s history was interesting.-Demon Tower is a fun side game with a lot of challenge, great pixel art, and fun dungeon crawling gameplay.CONS:-Mae’s character. She may be 20 years old, but she doesn’t act like one at all and is very random. My main issue with her is how she does not confront her problems or have the willingness to grow up even with the support of her friends and family. She has some spoiler related issues, but throughout the game, it was merely pushed aside. Other times Mae acts very mean spirited. She wasn’t a charming jerk who was easy to sympathize with. I really wanted to root for Mae and see her overcome her problems, but she was just so unlikeable.-As much as there are interesting NPCs, there is also an equal amount of forgettable characters. They don’t contribute to Mae’s character arc, add personality to the town, or affect the general plot.-The characters never change their expressions. For example, all Mae does is squint, hold her arms up, and shrink her pupils. I had a tough time sympathizing with her and the forgettable NPCs. Even when she cried, it looked fake. The characters felt less real.-The game’s dialogue was cringey and annoying. Sometimes the characters say “like” a bit too much for my taste. Other times the game attempts to convey a profound message, but it only comes out as a cliché moral.-A lot of plotholes, which is the most apparent at the end of the game.-Illusion of choice. Despite Mae having two or more dialogue options, they are either the same response or do not change the conversation’s direction. The illusion also applies to whether you hang out with Bea or Gregg. Sure exclusively hanging out with one friend nets an achievement, but there are only minor changes to the story.-The sudden story shift halfway through the game (huge spoiler). There was no foreshadowing, and despite the shift, Mae does the same routine of wandering town.-The very end of the game felt rushed, and the epilogue seemed incomplete. Even after the game’s climax, the characters return to normalcy and shoehorn a lesson at the end of the day.-Painfully slow story pace. Most of the game is spent wandering town talking to people and hanging out with Bea or Gregg playing minigames. The game is a slice of life, but has lots of filler and repetitive gameplay.-Mae’s bizarre dreams do not have much effects on the plot, and the gameplay within them aren’t very engaging.-The minigames weren’t fun either, both content and controls were meh. Some of them had no bearing on the plot at all.In conclusion, game tried to tell a coming-of-age story with a video game approach. The story fell flat with its incompleteness, whereas the gameplay was forgettable and not fun. I recommend that you research more about the game before buying, like watching YouTube videos and reading BOTH positive and negative reviews. In my opinion, NITW is not worth buying, but if you do want to play this game, wait for it to go on sale. Maybe you’ll have a better time with it than me, but this game is like a gilded statue. The attractive surface is comprised of good looking art, music, premise, and fan opinion, but it masks the game’s deeper flaws.--edit:lol"
,Not Recommended,481510,31227485,Posted: 18 April,all,Pen_and_pink,"Well, It's pretty and the OST is amazing. I'm sure the storys great if you finish it but I'm 5 hours in and calling it a day. The gameplay is so almost nothing that I can't be bothered to keep playing it just for a story. Its a 2D sicescrolling platformer with no real obstacles, just walk and talk to people. The story has a mystery-vibe, but you as the player are not actually solving anything or looking for clues. There are various mini-games scattered through-out ranging from a Guitar Hero game to an arcade dungeon crawler, but neither are really realated to the main game play mechanics.If you are ok sacrificing engaging gameplay for a probably good story and a legitimatly nice art style and soundtrack you might like this game. As for me, I paid for it but am done spending time with it."
,Not Recommended,481510,31446480,Posted: 29 April,all,Misu,"Just to start this review off i do think it's a good game but it isn't my style.I bought this game with very high expectations, watching the trailor for it made me think it was something more than it really was. I defiently was expecting more to do in the game. More options and exploring, that being said if you're someone who doesn't like a lot of story-line this probably isn't something you'd like and your $20.00 would be better spent somewhere else. 90% of the game is story-line based and after 6 hours (i myself) became bored with it all. It's repeative and a lot of the questions remain open through the ending.The story-line itself seems a bit rushed and not planned out. A lot of conflict that happens is instantly resolved within a day or 2 so the suspense and interest only lasts for so long. I expected this game to be more realistic with conflict and things that happen in our world but i was far from right. For example Mae and her Mother got into an argument and the next day it was pushed aside and they agree to never fight again, the pastor gets frustrated with the homeless man and the same thing happens the next day when the conlifct is randomly ended, etc.so.-Lots of story-line-Not much conflict-Grammar errors-Not much actual game-play-Very repeative feelingThere are many good parts in this game and i'm not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ all over it, some of the characters are comedic and the graphics are very nice. I can see a lot of work did go into making this game but there are over 2000 positive reviews on this game already that cover anything good i'd have to say. I just don't like how incomplete it feels and while i don't think this game is completely bad, i would've rather spent my money elsewhere."
,Recommended,481510,30086216,Posted: 21 February,all,jonasdenfyren,Good story.Great characters.I love.I like.I recommend.
,Recommended,481510,31366903,Posted: 25 April,all,2vitecek,"Follow Lemonti on Google Plus(No but seriously this game was great)I got it because a lot of my other friends had been playing it and recommended it to me, hell I would've streamed it had I had a better computer at the time when it was still popular. I was in love with the character development and I found a lot of the gameplay pretty entertaining.For 20 bucks, I'd say this game is well worth the buy and there's a reason so many people enjoyed it."
,Recommended,481510,30647658,Posted: 21 March,all,blurghbleghblargh,"So correct me if I'm wrong, but it appears as after JackSepticEye played this game, his fan base sort of tainted this game and now it's a lil' cringey. Great game, but at this point I'm just waiting for the day in which I can go to Google Images, type in ""Night in The Woods Rule 34"", and actually get at least a few results."
,Recommended,481510,31139965,Posted: 14 April,all,Cerebulon,This game ruined my life.10/10
,Recommended,481510,30103943,Posted: 22 February,all,Deivid,"Night in the Woods is just the game that we had expected these two years. A very special work, done with love, emotional, funny, with a great narrative and full of charisma. I try to look for a downside, but I'm not able to do that.Thank you very much, Infinite Fall.10/10"
76561198012650407,Recommended,481510,33326675,Posted: 6 July,all,Crypt Kiddie,It kinda looks like anime
76561198077103765,Recommended,481510,32053442,Posted: 29 May,all,JLuminate,BOI I BEAT THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥IN 1 DAY NIGHAAAAAAAAA ALMOST MADE ME CRY SOOOO ♥♥♥♥ING RELKATABLE AND SHIEEE LIKE HOOOO MUH GAAAAAAH    YOP OOO PLAY THAT SHIIIIIIT MAE=BAE ALSO BEA=BAE N THE WOFL AND BEAR ARE ♥♥♥♥ING GAY BUT THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥COOLIO NIGAAAAAAAAAA I DUN JUDGE SHIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE BUY DET ISHHHHHHH
,Recommended,481510,30534500,Posted: 15 March,all,Mr. Ping,"I have developed a algorithm I call ""The Undertale Effect."" It is a scientifically proven algorithm where all story based games with good story and characters will eventually turn awful due to the fanbase. In the end, no one likes the game except the devoted players who create endless bad fan art, fan fiction, and other trash.Play it before the undertale effect begins and turns this good game into an unlikable piece of trash."
,Recommended,481510,31905783,Posted: 22 May,all,happygrowls,"A Beautiful and Dark Tale, made me appreciate friendship, and to make the most of what you have.Pick it up, and get emotional."
,Recommended,481510,30533477,Posted: 15 March,all,haha long boy,made me cry1000000000000000/10play this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,481510,31672407,Posted: 10 May,all,Elkian Lionblood,"Extremely fun, interesting, engrossing game. The care and love that went into this is highly evident. Has a lot of charm that reminds me of games like Undertale without actually being an Undertale-like. Very polished in that they didn't try to overextend. Had a little frustration with the platforming bits but that's mostly on me. 10/10 do recommend!"
,Recommended,481510,31465670,Posted: 30 April,all,AzzamNixLol™ | skinhub.com,The Game Fits For Me. The Story Is Such Wow Amazingly Incredible. Mae And Gregg Is Kinda Cute. The XDest Moment Of This Game Is When Gregg Punchin The Restaurant Table. I Dont Regret Buying This Game!
,Recommended,481510,30969756,Posted: 5 April,all,colehuffman,best game i have ever played 10/10
,Recommended,481510,30124389,Posted: 23 February,all,Ayatee,"Dunno about the game itself, but it has a pretty decent slasher mini-game."
,Recommended,481510,30275522,Posted: 2 March,all,Gurples,"It's a Thursday night. I decided to stop playing my competitive match of Overwatch as my dad kept telling me that I needed to toughen up and stop playing video games, as they were a waste of time. I put down the controller as ""DEFEAT"" rolls across the screen and my mom starts to uplug the internet as she tells me and my dad cut it out and stop arguing. So I take a shower, come to my room with a clearer mind. I then notice the two week's worth of unfinished and late homework, and instead check the new games that came out on Steam using my phone.I then see people leaving good reviews on this game called ""Night in the Woods"". So I decided to purchase and download it on my ultra low grade laptop that can barely run Team Fortress 2. I managed to give a guy a cola, trespass on a very, very dangerous playground, and get arrested before my entire computer crashed. I'm gonna have fun with this game when I get my beefcake rig next week."
,Recommended,481510,30161961,Posted: 25 February,all,B E L O U S O V,I have some friends in Possum Springs now.
76561198085995801,Recommended,481510,31891922,Posted: 21 May,all,cat lover for life,chapter 3 hurt my heart my brain and i thought for a second there the game was going to end like that and to anyone hu played chapter 3 you problably no why i am saying this and to huever is reading this and is just looking at reviews and hasent played it if you decide to buy this game prepare yourself mentally for chapter 3 thats all im going to say                                                    ps. greg rulz ok
,Not Recommended,481510,30306015,Posted: 3 March,all,Dugle,"Speaking as a person who followed NitW's development for three years and bought it at full price at release date, it pains me to say that while Night in the Woods has a lot of heart, it isn't quite 'good game' material. While the sound and visual design stands out among several other recent indie releases, the meat and potatoes of the game, I.E the gameplay and writing, fall flat and ultimately leave the player with a craving for something similar, but hopefully not this game.I'll start with the good. Night in the Woods' inital trailer left me drooling--ghostly environments, small town splendour, and a catchy song to hook the would-be player. The full release did a pretty good job on that front--Possum Springs and its surrounding locales look fantastic with their shades of color, weather, and visual effects. Leaves blow in the breeze, clouds dip low above rooftop haunts, and the urban wasteland of the nearly forgotten town truly feels like the ruins of a soon-to-collapse empire. I wouldn't say Night in the Woods is the prettiest game I've ever seen, but it definitely has its moments and leaves the player with a lot to look at.Sound design is good, albeit in bursts. There are a few good songs, fewer great songs, and only a handful of excellent songs--usually ones you can only hear once. It's a shame considering how much effort was put into the musical aspect of the game, but the music in general is great in that nostalgic way. I wouldn't buy the album, but the band practice songs were probably the best out of the tracks.Now for the bad. The biggest issue is the gameplay, or lack thereof. When first announced Night in the Woods appeared to be some sort of puzzle-platformer romp with some chatty bits and minigames shoved in between. The game, it turns out, is another dreaded 'walking simulator', but this time we can jump atop buildings. While I was pleased at first, the map scaling quickly became dull when I realized there wasn't anything ON those buildings, or trees, or powerlines. The sidequests that do appear up above usually consist of a chat or two, the real quests take place on the ground floor. But what does the game have you do? When you aren't learning more about your small town friends, each with their own misery to sling into your ears, the game throws you into a series of minigames. While these do well in breaking up the snore-inducing gameplay, there's so little minigame to play in such a short time. By the time you get the hang of a song's rhythm, the band minigame is over and never to be played again (until two days later, but it's a different song). Smashing lightbulbs in the parking lot? Savor it while you can. There's also a Hyper Light Drifter ripoff on Mae's laptop, but it feels like the dev team's time would have been better spent in implementing more action and adventure in the game proper. There's just not enough GAME in the game, and without that what does the player have left to chew on?According to Night in the Woods, the answer is story. I'll start by saying that I did enjoy the overall idea being presented, young adult angst in a crumbling monument to small-town America, it was weakened by the game's peculiar pacing and how it was acted out. A few people have likened Night in the Woods to Shenmue--though both take place in small towns experiencing out of place events, Shenmue started off at a gallop: Ryo's dad is killed, Ryo sets out to find his killer. Night in the Woods, however, had a few too many last night and stumbles out of the paddock. Mae returns home and has some odd dreams, but for the first few days you're hanging out with friends and meeting the townsfolk. The twist doesn't happen until later in the game, and by the time it happens and you're rarin' to get started, the game abruptly finishes it up. Like driving during rush hour, you only get a few moments of full speed before the game slams on the brakes for you and starts waving credits in your face. This didn't leave me wanting more, it made me wonder where the rest of the game went and why it took so long to get to it in the first place.The focus on characters wouldn't be so bad if they all didn't blend together so much. Mae's friends and the folks in Possum Springs have their moments, but they all suffer from the author's oldest foe: Allsoundthesame-itis. Speaking as someone who works with younger folks on a daily basis I can attest that yes, there's a certain style of writing and speaking younger people use today, but the style used in Night in the Woods feels like it would fit more in High School or Middle School, not so much the early 20's age range. I'm willing to go easier on those characters due to knowing several people who talk like Bea, Gregg, and the like, but the 'it's how they talk at that age!!' argument goes out the window when Mae's parents, teacher, and even the local pastor speak like millenial forum-dwellers. Besides causing a bored eyeroll or two, the dialogue style detracts from the drama and suspense of the game. The player doesn't feel at risk or on their guard ever because the entire cast is way too chill about everything and anything, be it petty crime or murder. It feels like there's nothing at stake in Night in the Woods, like it's some strange world where every argument is resolved almost immediately and a murder or missing person in a small town wouldn't ruffle anyone's feathers. This shines through even in the gameplay--failed minigames or tasks mean nothing in the long run and the player soon realizes that there really isn't a reason to try to succeed aside from an achievement or two.I'll end with this: when the game Deadly Premonition was about to release, Swery65 made a strange decision to include combat with backwards limbo zombies. When asked why, he said that testers were complaining about how dull the game is even when it included encounters with The Raincoat Killer and a few puzzles. The zombies and boss fights may not have added much to Deadly Premonition, but at least they added more game to play. Night in the Woods is missing a chunk of that, but unfortunately I don't think backwards limbo zombie cats can fill it. If you're still not convinced at this point, check out an LP or Twitch stream and see for yourself--the bulk of the gameplay is in the first ten minutes."
76561198166060419,Recommended,481510,31870348,Posted: 20 May,all,schillerlouisa,Best Game ever. Cried so many times. Gonna get a tattoo of Mae's face fo sure.
,Recommended,481510,33703966,Posted: 21 July,all,All-Hallows-Trop,NIGHT IN THE WOODS is a game that is better to be experienced than explained.'Nuff said.
,Recommended,481510,30129738,Posted: 23 February,all,Too Punk To Drive,A phenominal narrative that addresses things few games will even touch.
,Recommended,481510,30131706,Posted: 23 February,all,branwood,"9/10. Beautiful and meaningful to me; not everyone's cup of tea.How can I describe Night in the Woods? It's harder than it seems at first glance, because it's such an unusual work of art. I expected it to be quirky, charming, and a little spooky. I got all those things, but also much, much more than I anticipated. It's nostalgic, topical, relatable, and harsh - harsh on the main characters, and even more so in its presentation of the world they inhabit.The premise is this: you play as Mae, a cat in a world of anthropomorphized animals. Mae is a 20-year-old who left college to return to her hometown of Possum Springs, a historic mining town. As you play, you reconnect with her friends and family, and in doing so learn more about who they all are. Without getting too deep into spoilers, some mysterious stuff starts to happen, and her search for the truth leads to chilling answers. Along the way there are some heartfelt moments, some platforming and exploration, even fun little mini-games. Now, all that sounds well and good enough, right? At its face, that is the game, and if that's all you get out of it during the 10 or so hours (I finished faster, some people report longer) then it really isn't worth the $20 it costs. I'd still leave it on your wishlist for when it goes on sale someday, but I couldn't recommend that you go out and get it immediately.The thing is, my goodness, it was so much more to that to me. There is surprising depth and nuance, and it’s all crafted with obvious thought and care. The real mystery isn't the spooky weirdness; its Mae herself. Why is she even back here? Why did she drop out of school? Is she just a lazy, unmotivated millennial, or is there a more to it than that? If so, why is she so reluctant to talk about it? Her past is also questionable. It's clear she had her share of delinquent teen behavior, but there's also this big incident in her past. It stains her reputation, but people only speak around it. She carries around a journal to doodle in, but it isn't just to be cute, it's a remnant of her time in therapy. The unanswered questions of her past, and her present, hang around her - a metaphorical ghost in this ghost story.Mae and her friends are, at first glance, shallow and unlikeable. They are stereotypical millennials in a lot of ways, and at first that can be a pretty big turn off, but as you go on and learn more about them, their relationships, their motivations, and the town itself, you see a more complex picture. They are products of their world, trapped in a small town struggling to keep itself on the map as jobs disappear. Possum Springs is a picture of a lot of towns in America right now, and these kids might act like jackasses, but they are doing what they have to in order to get by. Mae is too, even if she's exactly the kind of kid that older people would point to as a lazy, spoiled, entitled millennial. This isn't what laziness looks like. It's what survival looks like, and I think a lot of us can relate to that, especially if you are someone who has ever struggled with mental health issues. She doesn't have great coping mechanism, but neither does anyone else. It isn't like any of the adults in the story, including her parents, have answers to give.While her mental health does come up several times, the biggest way its explored is the ""spooky"" side of the story (sorry for using that work so much, but it's hard to say anything else without giving things away). The bizarre and unsettling dream sequences, and the apparently supernatural plot behind them, are symbolic of her mental state. Mae isn't just inherently broken, though. The truth behind it all is symbolic of the darkness in our own society and politics. It's' possible to play through and just accept the story as the story, but it’s pretty obvious that this is intentional commentary, and that commentary is actually sprinkled through the whole story. Their resentment towards work and disregard for personal and private property comes off as juvenile behavior, sure, but it’s also them resisting a messed-up world that has left them and their community with very few and very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ options in life.This is an incredibly modern story, so relevant it could only have been made in the last couple years, and feels fresh down to the day. I mean, at one point someone says something along the lines of ""you don't show fascists out, you PUNCH them out!"" or something. I need to replay it just to read that line again. It's honestly the first time that I've connected to deeply to characters as a millennial. It's not just an update, but a rehaul of the ""coming of age"" story for our generation. What does the transition to adulthood even mean anymore, when we're still kids at 20 years old (and older)? What does responsibility mean when the world is figuratively and in some places literally, falling apart? What are the right choices to make when all the choices suck? It's easy to point at people our age and analyze our problems, but Night in the Woods is also pointing the finger at the adults, who aren't doing any better in Possum Springs. It also raises a very particular question aimed not at the kids, but at those older generations: what will people do to hold onto a past that is never coming back?I could go on and on about this game, and it’s really frustrating to talk around things while avoiding spoilers. I need people to play it just I can talk to them about it. If it helps, here's some other things that NitW gives: a simple but beautiful style full of cute characters and an amazing soundtrack that really MAKES the atmosphere (I'm listening to it on youtube as I write). Did I mention casually queer characters that don't feel like outdated stereotypes?But if I'm going to give some critique, or tell you what you may not like, I have few things. This is a slow-paced game at the beginning, and it takes a good couple of hours for ""the plot"" to show up at all. Did I mind? Not at all, but many would. It IS short. I was happy with how it turned out, but I do wish I had more. There is a rhythm mini-game (basically like guitar hero) that is actually well done but made me feel embarrassed for being totally ♥♥♥♥♥♥ at. Also, this isn't really a ""gamey"" game. You don't play to ""win,"" your conversation choices don't seem to matter a ton (but enough that I'm going to replay it to see what I missed), and the platforming is exploratory, not skill-based. In fact, the platforming seems to mainly exist to purposefully slow you and create atmosphere.It feels awful to say it, but it’s true: this isn't a ""fun"" game, even though there are fun parts. But that's okay. It makes you feel good at times, and bad at others. For instance, there are intense moments where Mae just ♥♥♥♥s up social situations and its like a train wreck there's no avoiding. Damn, those are hard for someone like me with social anxiety, but they also are what made it feel real. NitW is... kind of depressing, just for holding up a mirror to experiences and problems we can relate to. Why play it, then? Because it feels... important. The ending is likely to make a lot of people feel unsatisfied, and that's the way it should be. In this game, like in real life, there are no magical solutions, and no real answers. Yet, it gave me some perspective that I really need in my life right now, and it led me there by making me feel it rather than just telling me.I can't fully describe how it makes me feel, becomes I'm still processing it all. Is it weird to say that this game gets me more than any therapist ever has? There are books that I've read in my life that have left me feeling like this, that resonated with me and felt so significant that I know they have left a mark on me. This is the first time that I've gotten that feeling from a game. Like one of my favorite books, I have full confidence that once in a while I'm going to replay Night in the Woods just to chew on it some more."
,Recommended,481510,30090066,Posted: 21 February,all,>Artik<,Drop out of school and go drink in the woodsGregg rulz ok
,Recommended,481510,30584874,Posted: 17 March,all,Ponyo,"This game... What can I say about it.This game is one of the best games I have played in awhile, it has wonderful characters, a great story, an excellent soundtrack, and it is just a really well made game altogether. This game made me feel happy, sad, angry, and also had me laughing and crying throughout the game.I reccomend this game."
,Recommended,481510,30618092,Posted: 19 March,all,krabby,"This is seriously good, not gonna say anything, just buy it and experience it for yourself. This game is just wonderful."
,Recommended,481510,30444170,Posted: 11 March,all,Sami,AAAAAAAAAAAAAARGH! My arms are getting tired from playing this excellent game so much.10/10 would drop out of college to play it more. How can a game about existantial depression be so much fun?
,Recommended,481510,30454632,Posted: 11 March,all,Bui,"I truly wish there was a mixed recommendation on these Steam reviews. Night in the Woods does a lot of good, but at the same time does things that aren't pretty great.From a narrative standpoint, the game is fantastic. The story is rather somber and yet heartwarming in its own weird way, and stands out in its hang-out parts with the other characters. On other ends, it tries to convey this sense of camaraderie amongst your group of friends in this ""Stand By Me""-esque style, which works really well, mainly because they put in some effort to actually developing some of the characters. And on the other half of the same style is the noticeable supernatural element the game offers, which visually looks wonderful, even if half of them make no sense as to why they are there.However, the constant change from the game wanting to fluctuate from ""friend hang-out simulator"" and ""super serious paranormal mystery"" is pretty jarring at times, almost as if the game doesn't know what it wants to be between the two, so it throws both of them in there. To me, it's rather jarring and distracting; not to a major extent, but I do feel as if it could have benefited from being one or the other, rather than both at the same time. Part 4 especially, while I won't spoil it here, feels hamfisted and rushed. The tension is built up just right, but it feels as if the game needed a tense conclusion and nothing but that, without and rhyme or reason. It could have really used some better explanation to the supernatural parts, but while it does try to properly explain it, it ends up feeling forced, and in my opinion the ending really suffers from that.Gameplay is literally holding right or left, occasionally jumping, and talking to other characters. The minigames are a nice change of pace from the monotony of that, but they're too few in number.Soundtrack is heavenly and has a nice variety from calmer tones to tenser ones. It's probably one of the only things that I can wholeheartedly praise.In the end, the game is mainly held up by its narrative, which isn't bad for a game like this. Depressing tones and character interactions aside, though, the game just feels as if it could have done more. It MIGHT warrant another playthrough if you're really intent on finding and seeing everything, but after playing through it once, I'm not sure if if fufills everything one could hope for. That being said, I do wish there was a more mixed recommendation for a review like this. I'm leaving this as positive because in the end, despite the flaws, the game does a decent job at getting your attention. And I suppose, despite all that I've said, that's all that really matters."
,Recommended,481510,30455089,Posted: 11 March,all,Gap,"There are only a handful of games I finish; this was in fact an outstanding experience.Night in the Woods is one of these games which could have been easily a tv series, or 7-hour-long movie. The story is huge and mostly told by dialogues between the protagonists. Moreover, the fantastic level of detail is almost ridiculous, showing how much thought and love went into the game itself. I mean, there is a genius rogue-like in the game! There was actually no situation where I found a bug, it is extremely polished!While you spend most of your time clicking and reading through dialogues, you will encounter mini games every here and then which adds a welcome diversion. Those are extremely fun—'band practice' is great (I honestly wished I could repeat those after I screwed up most of them).The look and feel, especially the music is amazing! It adds so much to the game's atmosphere—you wouldn't expect that from a game which, frankly, looks like it could be for young children. It is not, there are disturbing topics such as violence, depression and death in this game. The characters are well written, have their own charme and obviously their own, individual problems. There are obviously highly comedic aspects in this game as well, the game is highly self-aware of some of the characters who could have 'meme'-potential. ""Sharkle"" or the janitor are great examples for this.I was hyped for this game and have not been disappointed at all."
76561198084643835,Recommended,481510,30382000,Posted: 7 March,all,ThatGuy( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Amzing not an undertale but close
,Recommended,481510,30404543,Posted: 9 March,all,~Digit~,"Great game. The only complaints I have wouldn't be criticism about the game, but things I will were in the game.32/28 out of 10 I like it.im not a furry"
,Recommended,481510,30436219,Posted: 10 March,all,Fennec,Stunning
,Recommended,481510,30280157,Posted: 2 March,all,Starbuck,The dialogue is fantastic!!
,Recommended,481510,30447483,Posted: 11 March,all,McVee,"Great art. Great style. Great witty banter. Now that thats covered. The plot is paced way too slow and is predictable from the get go. It makes an effort in telling you its plot serves no purpose, which is fine when the slice of life aspect is compelling enough to get you thinking. But this doesn't. Doesn't really leave any lasting impressions. I'm pretty indifferent overall. Is it great? No. Is it worth taking a look at? mmmmmmayyybee?????"
,Recommended,481510,30362238,Posted: 6 March,all,Vitamin V,"Completed game in offline, don't check the time.It took me approximetely 6-8 hours to complete it,and I really enjoyed it!-Characters are full of life-Interesting, complicated story-Game develops a perfect idea of a teenager who just became an adult and tries to stay how he is-Interesting puzzles and mini games---------I enjoyed this game despite the ending which left me a little bit weird, guess, it's time to replay the game even more!"
,Recommended,481510,30235046,Posted: 27 February,all,Crohawk,"Greg rulez, okay?A game clearly based on my home town, nightmares and all.I loved the story, I love the characters, and now I have to get all the endings because wow?"
76561198029539185,Recommended,481510,30227980,Posted: 27 February,all,Sir Cat'alot,When I finnished the game I was sad and frustrated...then I played it again and laughed my head off... then I got sad again9/10 would feel again
,Recommended,481510,30780803,Posted: 27 March,all,Nix/Jev/Wei,"This game. Daaaaaang.The last quarter or so has.. some issues, maybe.Everything else is just a constant heavy feels freight train. Knocked my socks right off. It might knock yours off, too.Try it."
,Recommended,481510,30779445,Posted: 27 March,all,Crackers1097,"A surprisingly heartfelt and gut-wrenching journey of a college drop-out suffering from their personal demons. Thrilling and monotonous, comedic and depressing, Night in the Woods manages a thrilling tale that takes unexpected and exciting turns and never fails to disappoint with its quirky, unapologetic and diverse characters. An 8-10 hour experience that leaves a lasting impression, especially for those struggling through education or unemployment in this age.Too furry for my tastes tho7.5/10"
76561198375939060,Recommended,481510,30757126,Posted: 26 March,all,crissangelsanchez,my game crashed every time I play it can you pach it
,Recommended,481510,30511754,Posted: 14 March,all,Sprooky Gost,nuruuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuruuuuuuuuuveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
76561198062386993,Recommended,481510,31076897,Posted: 11 April,all,Jamesx2121x,ditto.
,Recommended,481510,31072582,Posted: 10 April,all,Tori,"Good game, a few plot discrepensies, but other than that I really enjoyed.  Cool characters written well.  Can some explain to me why bea is a socialist, it ruined the character for me."
,Recommended,481510,30199791,Posted: 26 February,all,banana,this is incredibly good. holy♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,481510,31161540,Posted: 15 April,all,The Sims Addict,very good game
,Recommended,481510,30093005,Posted: 21 February,all,Future Troglodyte,"I'm less than an hour in and have to go to bed due to being an adult. So, my first impressions are limited by that, but...I love this. Excellent story telling, an interesting, colorful, and truly bleak (on purpose) landscape to explore. I foresee myself spending as much time as I can with this over the next few days."
76561198318509464,Recommended,481510,31136929,Posted: 14 April,all,ed.rothera,"Very good characters and initial intrigue, just has way too many loose ends and a dumb ending.I would recomend for the experience unless you hate stupid endings."
,Recommended,481510,30096067,Posted: 22 February,all,baron von carson,"A game full of character and charm. It's got amazing art, great soundtrack and really charming characters. It's very story driven and I would highly recommend it to anyone who enjoyed games like Life is Strange."
,Recommended,481510,31092945,Posted: 12 April,all,Kid Cuisine Cheese Blaster,"I don't have a way of knowing an exact number, but if I had to guess, I'd say at least 40 to 50% of Steam users will absolutely hate this game.Some people are calling it a visual novel and honestly... it's really not. Visual novels are marked by a very distinct style of play (the typical POV directly conversing with characters) as well as (9 times out of 10) branching storylines. Night in the Woods contains neither that play style nor a branching story. There are choices you can make as to what scenes you will see, but ultimately the main story is, to my knowledge, completely linear.Honestly, to that end it's hard for me to call Night in the Woods a ""game"" per se. ""An experience"" sounds about as pretentious a term as they come, but it's hard for me to decide what else to call it. There are platforming elements, but they aren't really the main driving force of the game.What IS the main driving force of the game, is its story and visuals. And oh my god, this is one of the prettiest games I've ever seen. The art style might not appeal to everyone. There are those who will not care for it. Those people can suck it. I'm sorry; everyone's entitled to their opinion, but I'm not budging on this one. Night in the Woods is a fantastically gorgeous game and I will hear no argument to the contrary.As for the story... well, it's a mixed bag. For my money, I loved the story. I found the overal experience very, VERY relatable and even felt close to tears at some points of it (I'm a softy; bite me). That said, there are those who have pointed out that the entire game is written in a certain style and... well yes. While the characters themselves are distinctive and have individual personalities, there are times in the game where it feels almost like it's one person talking to him/herself. But in spite of that, the heart and soul of the game manages to brightly shine through and it's a funny, enjoyable, and heartfelt experience.For me, this game is an easy 4.5/5. Not perfect, but more than worth the money. I'm the kind of person who will probably play through it again at some point. But it's not going to be for everyone. If you're unsure, wait for it to go on sale. Otherwise, I hope you enjoy it as much as I did."
,Recommended,481510,30327805,Posted: 4 March,all,srp4664,"All I can say is that this game is worth every penny and you won't regret buying it. All that this game was is hard to describe but it is definitely a touching masterpiece that deserves way more credit than it has. Like I said, hard to decribe but here are maybe only some of the best parts about this game:-amazing story-very well-developed and lovable characters-beautiful and cute art style-great and really well-written dialog (seriously)-it's so relatable-it's cute and emotional and deep all at once-it's the perfect story of friendship and just about everything else-it's the group of friends that you've always wanted and the mystery that you've always wanted to experience (but not really)Overall this game is beautiful and crazy and funny and emotional and everything else you could want in a gameAnd.........................................Gregg rulz ok"
,Recommended,481510,30341543,Posted: 5 March,all,Vlatonic,"Art, Comedy, dialogue, music, everything is amazing! one of the games you just wish to erase your memory to experience it again."
,Recommended,481510,30299203,Posted: 3 March,all,Boondeb (Julian),Gregg rulz okit is a good game my guys. buy it or die. gregg is gay
76561198367909204,Recommended,481510,30125307,Posted: 23 February,all,fjaviertorres93,Worth the money.
,Recommended,481510,30188971,Posted: 25 February,all,crazzr,"NITW is a unique looking Side-Scroller Story-Based game developed by Infinite Fall and published by Finji.+Amazing Artstyle+Interesting Story+Good Characters+Replayablity-Abrupt Ending-Short-Boring at certain partsVerdict: 9/10, there's quite a bit of replayability. but if it's not for you, it's not for yougreggory lee does rule ok"
,Recommended,481510,30286748,Posted: 2 March,all,Lord Macdog,"You play as a cat, yet there are still normal cats? After playing this game I need to think about life and the universe. I'd recommend you do the same, but first, play the game."
76561198064424606,Recommended,481510,31452642,Posted: 29 April,all,Funeral,"""Pornlogbros4ever"" 10/10 would porn computer again"
,Recommended,481510,30480882,Posted: 12 March,all,LAUGHING SOLDIER,"The game is a true treasure. I'm not lying, i've never said this about a game before, but it is a *true* treasure."
76561198065688114,Recommended,481510,31886846,Posted: 21 May,all,Raskahn,"Love this to bits, It's a great story driven exploration platformer. It deals with what some people would deem ""controversial themes"" but that only adds to the charm in this game and it makes the characters relatable."
76561198158028190,Recommended,481510,31892249,Posted: 21 May,all,jabberwockyx,"I have never reviewed a game before. I have played a lot of games. Night in the Woods is the first game that I have loved so much that Ihadto write a review for it. I've spent well over 100 hours on this game and fully beaten it three times, plus done a few partial playthrus (figured out how to do multiple saves via the locallow app data -- that's the only complaint I have about NITW, the fact that there's no multiple save option. But it's easily workaroundable, so I can't complain too much about that) to get bonus achievements or see how another outcome changed things.I've never connected to a character as much as I have connected to Mae Borowski. This is probably not the best thing, considering that she is, in fact, a trash fire, but Ilovethat about her. I love that, for an anthropomorphic cat, she and the rest of the cast are so ♥♥♥♥inghuman. NITW is not a game that you play for the gameplay, it's a game that you play for the characters, the town, the story. Although the gameplay elements are still fun! I love the platforming elements of the dreams (the music is gorgeous, this game's OST is incredible), I sucked so hard at the bass minigame but I have actually gotten pretty good with enough practice (enough for the Maestro achievement, anyway!), and I enjoyed all the other little minigames, like launching pierogies into Gregg's mouth or shooting a fake forest god target in the forest or hunting down stars.But it's Mae who keeps bringing me back to this game again and again. NITW handles mental illness so goddamn well. There were so many moments where I just had to stop because I was like, I'vebeenMae in this situation before. Maybe I never acted on it the way that she did, but I felt the urge to do so. So Mae is a great character and one that I've never seen in media before.Also, the humor in this is so on point?? It's so funny in exactly the weird off-beat way I love?? It's very realistic. The banter between everyone is wonderful. The dialogue between characters in general is great -- you get sucked into there. You feel like you're bonding with your friend who you spend the most time with. It feels physically painful when you get yelled at by your best friend. You feel like a jackass when you get in a fight with your mom.NITW is a story-driven game and it does it so, so well. It is everything I want to see in a game. I finally got all the achievements in it, but I am sure I will still be picking it up and replaying it every now and then just because.... I love these characters, I love this world, I love the surreal creepiness towards the end, I love it."
76561198217295837,Recommended,481510,31890628,Posted: 21 May,all,Lotus Someday,"Okay, long story short, this game is TOTALLY worth your time. It is a wonderful game, and does a good job at character development (depending on whichever friendship route you choose) . The only thing I will complain about is the dream sequences, they were all just too drawn out and irritating to play and complete. The good thing is the dream sequences are a very small part of the big picture of this game. It makes you fall in love with the characters, and have empathy for what they are going through. Just buy this game okay?"
,Recommended,481510,31071665,Posted: 10 April,all,Bandit 4 Life,This game is one of the best games i've ever played. im glad i didn't watch a youtuber play this cuz thats what i always do. watch someone play it. then play the game and expect everything. but i didn't for this game. im glad because it was an amazing game. thank you Infinite Fall for making such a great game <3 <3
76561198049642794,Recommended,481510,31344349,Posted: 24 April,all,TUscrap,words can not express how I feel about this game.im gonna carry that weight...
76561198111763353,Recommended,481510,31678015,Posted: 10 May,all,Inky,"This game fricken changed me, I loved it and I don't have words to describe how much. It blows my mind that it exists? Go Designers!But seriously play this fricken game."
,Recommended,481510,31680545,Posted: 11 May,all,Thunder M.O.B.,Its real good
76561198071582106,Recommended,481510,30455997,Posted: 11 March,all,Nenekiri,"Had to sit and think for a good bit after finishing this game.And I love games that make me think.Would recommend, had a great time in Possum Springs!I would also love it if they made the soundtrack available, great music!"
76561198042120701,Recommended,481510,30165025,Posted: 25 February,all,l.,"It's rather good. Got good dialogue, which is most of the game, and a nice plot with heart to it.So yeah it's good"
,Recommended,481510,30115832,Posted: 23 February,all,BAZINGA!,AAAAAAAAAAAGH!!! *arm flails*
,Recommended,481510,30163146,Posted: 25 February,all,Xamp,Ends too soon.
76561198122580437,Recommended,481510,30164630,Posted: 25 February,all,Isaacian,Crimes?
,Recommended,481510,30574274,Posted: 17 March,all,James,wow
,Recommended,481510,30466144,Posted: 12 March,all,Pietoro,"Don't let the papercraft Animal Crossing-esque artstyle fool you -- this game goes into some deep and dark places (literally and figuratively). If you like slice of life / narrative games, this is definitely worth playing. NitW is a simultaneously charming and haunting story about a dying small town and the people who live there. For some players, this place and these (animal-shaped) people will speak painfully straight to the heart.Great characters, some fun little mini-games, and replay value (there's minor story branching, so need to play through at least twice to see all character events). Also fab music!NOTE: NitW is more of an interactive visual novel than a true platformer, so if you don't like the former type of game then you may not enjoy this, as the gameplay mechanics are fairly simple (in particular the dream sequences felt the weakest in that regard).P.S: If you enjoy the game, these bonus (prequel) side-stories are also worth checking out:https://finji.itch.io/lost-constellationhttps://finji.itch.io/longest-night"
,Recommended,481510,31014321,Posted: 8 April,all,Wigglepie,Gregg Rulz
,Recommended,481510,30734807,Posted: 25 March,all,lol,THIS GAME IS AMAZING
,Recommended,481510,30252621,Posted: 28 February,all,~skrrrt~,it's good
,Recommended,481510,32270462,Posted: 8 June,all,PlasmaBear,amazing art style and music
,Recommended,481510,32279839,Posted: 8 June,all,L̲a̜͇͍̣̯̯v̺,"Good shi̍t. I enjoyed this game waaay more than I thought I would. I'm not really getting the whole ""This game is super relatible"" thing but if you want to play a game that has a really great story, likeable charaters, and writeing that is on par with most novels then drop the $20 bucks and buy this game."
,Recommended,481510,32277180,Posted: 8 June,all,✪ ._KUSH_.,Amazing.
76561198383813363,Recommended,481510,32273106,Posted: 8 June,all,maggs//,"This is one of my favorite games. I replayed it twice to get both endings and more achievements and enjoyed it thouroughly both times. The characters are so funny and lovable, and really give you the feels. I will admit this game made me cry, on more than one occasion. Please get this game, you won't regret it."
76561198112843623,Recommended,481510,30847298,Posted: 30 March,all,Hot Cocoa Powder,"Night in the Woods is a story rich platformer that focuses heavily on character development  and exploration.The games shining achievement is most definitely the writing and character development. Infinite Fall has managed to make some of the most genuine and real writing i've seen. Every character is amazingly well written and developed, leading to relatable and unique personalities. Even side characters are memorable and leave lasting impressions. Infinite Fall is absolutely amazing at giving every character a turn in the spotlight and making sure no characters feel flat or left out.The music is absolutely incredible, the songs are memorable and of amazingly high quality. This is one of the few games i'd recommend getting the sound track for, as nearly every track is downright amazing.The world of Night in the Woods is absolutely beautiful and chock full of little touches scattered around. The art in this game complements the immense charm this game has, making the world feel even more real and recognizable. The game is extremely welcoming to heavy exploration leading to many hidden interactions and places which makes finding them so satisfying.The story of Night in the Woods is memorable and paced well, the only complaint is that it felt rushed near the end.Regardless of this it still manages to be extremely powerful in conveying it's messages. Not much more to say here without delving into spoiler territory.This is definitely one of my favorites of 2017, and a must have for the genre."
,Recommended,481510,30348081,Posted: 5 March,all,ChaosReigner,"Neat game... uh, play it I guess?"
76561198345909532,Recommended,481510,31411503,Posted: 28 April,all,laurakins,"Fantastic, memerising and beauitful. The dream sequences were my favourite to play and i love the constellation puzzles. In depth and story rich."
,Recommended,481510,31412523,Posted: 28 April,all,Prf.ValianceTheQuestorOfAZ,"The game itself is gorgeous to start, with an amazing soundtrack and sharp writing. You've probably heard all of the gushing. It's earned."
76561198092585910,Recommended,481510,33574308,Posted: 15 July,all,junkhed,"beat the game in the span of three days while balancing a job and sleeping.it's just a short, fun game about hello kitty's dropout sister being twenty-something."
,Recommended,481510,31411510,Posted: 28 April,all,QuirkyArtie,"These days indie and some small company games rule, while the giants struggling to polish their tired and old stuffs. That's the reality.When I thought there's no good indie games anymore a few weeks ago I saw in the Facebook page some friends talking about a game with 'NITW' initials. I thought it was the real game's name after I found later on Google that it stands for 'Night in the Woods'. Then I researched it on Steam that it has an interesting style and gameplay. So interesting in fact that the developer said they were intended to make a new game genre that hasn't existed before on the market.After I looked the price was pretty reasonable eventually I bought it. Immediately I played it and oh dear it was far more than I expected to be. The style is quite simplistic but charming, an ancient Egypt face style. Then apparently it incorporates some other game mechanics, such as Guitar Hero thing and old school 8 bit PC game. It was fantastic considering it's actually a simple RPG game. And the attention to detail is also astonishing for game within this price tag. Despite the beautiful graphics, it won't compromise your RAM too much. The music is also nice to hear. Although it's a silent game, don't be fooled. The dialogues are very meaningful and conveys the story pretty well. However it needs a proactive player to finish up all of the tasks and achievements hidden scattered in the game, including fiddle stuffs.Even though frankly LGBT isn't really my thing and this game isn't a religious game, but surprisingly it has some good afterthoughts for churchgoers and it's remarkable for a contemporary game. And I can see the developer wants to have a broader and younger audience with some 'softened' swearings, which makes this sort of family friendly game in my mind. And again it's rare for a modern game.Actually there's no real drawbacks with this game apart from you have to find all of the achievements on the internet and you have to play the entire game more than once to get them all if you're being pedantic. Also maybe for some people the (small) tasks are tedious and has got no real challenge in it. But that's the point of real life: it has little and big challenges.Despite you can choose different answers on some dialogues, it doesn't necessarily change the whole storyline though.So in summary, this game has a compelling both style and story, inducing ourselves to explore the game thoroughly and brings some good morals. My advice is just straight buy this truly exceptional game for yourself to enjoy the heart-warming story, simple yet attractive graphics and cosy environment to be in. Just what a game."
76561198272678307,Recommended,481510,30454817,Posted: 11 March,all,Ezekiel J. Proctor,"It Has Great Story, Every Character Has Personality, I Love Playing The Crap Out Of It, If They Have A Sequel I Will Spend The Last Of My Wallet Just To Play It, I BEST Recommened For Story Lovers,  Also GREGG RULZ!"
76561198166550210,Recommended,481510,31071798,Posted: 10 April,all,🎃~Midnight~🎃,Only played it for 48 mins so far and i'm already hooked! Would totally recommend if you like story based games
,Recommended,481510,30111211,Posted: 22 February,all,Doc Corb [RCL],"Any game that manages to be as engrossing as this deserves a recommendation, and like most games you shouldn't seek out too much information before playing it lest you spoil anything.This game is effortlessly relatable, genuinely funny, and if you're like me you like to try to think ahead and figure what's going to happen next, or why something is happening and so on and man.. I genuinely respect something that defies what you're anticipating."
,Recommended,481510,34358275,Posted: 19 August,all,Crys,Is good an has furee
76561198077497394,Recommended,481510,31551016,Posted: 4 May,all,Dust,"A work of art, though the rhythm sections made me their ♥♥♥♥♥.LaughedCriedExperienced existential dreadNo regretsInfinite Fall crushed it."
,Recommended,481510,30110827,Posted: 22 February,all,Tally,"I wouldn't call it perfect, but I definitely enjoyed it."
,Recommended,481510,30109793,Posted: 22 February,all,Yonk Coon,11 and a half hours on my first playthrough. 'Will post review if I feel like it. ;3 Have fun.
,Recommended,481510,30109608,Posted: 22 February,all,Vikenzo,"I just want to say thank you to IF, after those long years. to make such a wonderfull game, its marked im my soul. thank you."
76561198063916679,Recommended,481510,30443471,Posted: 11 March,all,Baie,this game fist♥♥♥♥s your brainplay it
76561198190793941,Recommended,481510,31314575,Posted: 23 April,all,KADONN_,Mae is Gae
,Recommended,481510,33165713,Posted: 2 July,all,a spooky tree,Das some good♥♥♥♥♥♥right here yo mama and yo betta buy this game or yo gonna regret it fo the rest o yo life ohoho straight up
,Recommended,481510,30347570,Posted: 5 March,all,rin,"I played it once, and that was today. I looked outside; and it was dark. I was not disappointed with my purchase. This game was a gem, especially to kick onwards this year. I'd spend 20$ just for another game like this."
,Recommended,481510,30305888,Posted: 3 March,all,Daniel West,Wow
76561198357827120,Recommended,481510,30307799,Posted: 3 March,all,Deathfra,This game rulz ok
,Recommended,481510,30461756,Posted: 11 March,all,2D,Bea-uty in pixels.10/10
76561198079735937,Recommended,481510,31407151,Posted: 27 April,all,Faolan77,Things you can take away from this game:Gregg rulz ok!I AM LORD OF THE SNACK FALCON!I AM THE KEY MASTER! I WILL UNLOCK YOUR♥♥♥♥♥Scriggins! Bite my entire♥♥♥♥♥ Go legally brain dead from lack of oxygen due to choking on my entire♥♥♥♥♥#pornlogbrosforlifeI GOT NIGHTMARE EYES!This is all you need.Gregg rulz ok
,Recommended,481510,34045868,Posted: 5 August,all,Spooky Man,best indie game i've ever played
76561198320460742,Recommended,481510,32633058,Posted: 21 June,all,bluejay676,"Holy crap, play this game right now. My only regret is getting more attatched to Mae's friends than my friends in real life and feeling empty inside when I finished the game.Graphics: 10/10Story: 10/10Soundtrack: 9/10Gameplay: 8/10Overall: 10/10"
76561198096023974,Recommended,481510,34643505,Posted: 31 August,all,iandasvoll,first hour playing how the hell do you tripple jump3 hours laterFINNALY
,Recommended,481510,30366216,Posted: 6 March,all,TheMechanicalFox,"This was a fantastic game.likeidon'tknowlike, lets get some pizza and poke a chopped arm with a sticki almost criedthat was awesome!"
,Recommended,481510,34381153,Posted: 20 August,all,J_Dev,"While this is not a traditional gameplay experience, the story alone is worth every cent. As someone in college with mental health issues I found this game to be an experience that made me feel whole all the while I was able to relate to Mae more so than any other game character."
,Recommended,481510,30781075,Posted: 27 March,all,The egg,"One of the best games I've ever played.Thats it... I'm not good at this.oh, and is greg a girl or guy?"
,Recommended,481510,31591604,Posted: 6 May,all,Your Healer Today Is A Furry,"I got drunk in the woods, embarrassed myself in front of a guy I used to date, and then threw up tacos on myself.Then I went home and played Night In The Woods."
,Recommended,481510,31359420,Posted: 25 April,all,IcyScrumpy,Not bad. Not best thing ever. Not great. Whatever is above great but below best thing ever. that's this. amazing? maybe...Awesome...let's say awesome. this game is awesome.
,Recommended,481510,31028014,Posted: 8 April,all,Lori {BR},10/10 would play again
,Recommended,481510,35026198,Posted: 17 September,all,cat_efalls,witchdaggah!
,Recommended,481510,33910742,Posted: 30 July,all,XV// Noyau,"Great design and graphics obviously, with interesting story and great heroes."
76561198031903307,Recommended,481510,33916209,Posted: 30 July,all,Pha cops,"To play a character to which you initially feel great adversity,To audibly exclaim ""What a jackass...""To play through minigames and dialogues in which you gasp in horror,To play with little control,To not advance until you've self-destructed, until you're hated,To decimate your expectations of common decency,And love it as it reigns it all back in."
76561198409059480,Recommended,481510,33918252,Posted: 30 July,all,princessangie_92,i love it
76561197976782461,Recommended,481510,35088581,Posted: 20 September,all,Communist Hamster,"A touching story of ennui, struggle and friends, with juicy controls, cute art and an amazing soundtrack. GOTY for me in terms of narrative."
76561197998197307,Recommended,481510,32188854,Posted: 4 June,all,Small dick; Fat tits,BRUHbruh
,Recommended,481510,33388365,Posted: 8 July,all,Longboard Cat,Paw of approval.
76561198316249976,Recommended,481510,30697997,Posted: 23 March,all,丂ㄒㄚㄥ乇 (Osa),This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing amazing! This game is a *MUST* have if you're into Undertale or something similar to that.
76561198001475582,Recommended,481510,30202713,Posted: 26 February,all,Niv™,"charming, comfy, amazing atmosphere."
76561198064290762,Recommended,481510,30204710,Posted: 26 February,all,Lol Cupcakes,Honey I'm Hurm
,Recommended,481510,30205337,Posted: 26 February,all,Blacknerd,"Well Inever guess I'd say ""I just made this catgirl twerk"".I can honestly call Night in the Woods one of the best story based games Ive played in a long time. The games mature writing mixed with a well writen cast of characters that all feel realistic and make you care about them even if you dont care about their personalities.Synopsis: The game is about a young girl coming home after dropping out of college and getting back into the look with her old friends and dying small town. I wont say anymore because you need to play them game to really experience the storyline.Gameplay: Its a mixture of dialogue and choice based conversation. Platforming, random minigames, and some guitar hero. They also have a completely different game added in but I'll say no more. It all works so well and plays off the great art style almost perfectly.Soundtrack: The games music helps set the mood of each environment and does a mix of feel good nature with moody and creepy. I was never bored or tempted to put on my own music over the games soundtrack.Tl;Dr this game is a truely unique video game and anyone on steam should get it."
,Recommended,481510,30204695,Posted: 26 February,all,Je Suis Un Ours,"Pros:+ Amazing soundtrack (Especially in the dream sequences)+ Great atmosphere+ Characters are relatable, easy to empathize with, and aren't flat in their personalities+ The simplistic design is cartoony while still able to keep you immersed+ Witty dialogue and a lot of good comic relief+ Thought provoking storyline+ Gameplay is not complicated, and the character is easy to control+ The mini-game on the laptop is actually a lot of funCons:- Your choices don't feel like they have much leverage in the overall gameplay- Load times are a bit slow, and I thought the game crashed a few times- Can be tedious running around town trying to get all the dialogue- The game feels a bit short- Not exceptionally replayable, unless you want to unlock all the achievements (or play Guitar Hero Lite again)- Gameplay is fairly linear, and there's not a lot of room for exploration- No chapter select mode/save states (as of writing this review) which means you need to delete your file to replay the gameOverall, I really enjoyed this game. Mae was really easy to relate to, and you could really feel her struggles with her mental health, social life, and own existential crisis. I found myself incredibly immersed in the matte-coloured world of Possum Springs, and could sense the emptiness that the creators of the game were trying to convey. Night in the World captures a gambit of emotions like sadness, elation, apathy, and dread. It is definitely worth the price if you're a fan of existential Indie games that also offer a 'Choose Your Own Adventure' kind of feel.Gregg Rulz Okay"
76561198064237660,Recommended,481510,30401403,Posted: 8 March,all,Milfimus Maximus,Pro:My operating system is god.Con:Soundtrack isn't up for grabs.
76561198084935483,Recommended,481510,30087674,Posted: 21 February,all,iMSaiyan,"The thing I love the most about this game is the hilarious dialogues, there's a lot to read, it's mostly a dialogue game with some roaming. The characters are drawn in nicely and is appealing to the eye. I've played other games similar and the dialogue would get boring and I would glaze over but this game is actually really funny.I played about 1hr of it so far, reading mostly all the dialogue and have not even scratched the surface of the the ""In The Woods"" part yet so I'm excited for it to get more serious soon!Would recommend it if you like a good story with good characters and a good laugh!"
,Recommended,481510,30880682,Posted: 1 April,all,Teal,One of the best experiences to come from the recent years a thoughtful person of the right mind can enjoy.
,Recommended,481510,35192047,Posted: 24 September,all,AntiGravityMaster,"Good story, great art."
,Recommended,481510,30966870,Posted: 5 April,all,thainen,"In the long and increasingly fruitless debate about whether or not videogames are art, my to-go argument is: if it can make you cry, it certainly qualifies as art. For me, Night in the Woods has passed this test a lot. A magical-realism story in the vein of Life is Strange game or comics like Scott Pilgrim, Lost at Sea and Ghost World, it follows the life of a disturbed colledge dropout who returns home, to a rotting carcass of a formerly prosperious miner city, and tries to pick up the pieces of her life. There's barely any gameplay: day after day, you explore the town, talking to its people, learning their stories and developing your relationships.A strong, beautifully written character-driven experience of the weird, weird young adult's life in an uncaring city with its urban mythology, where the mundane and familiar is quick to become mystical and dangerous."
,Recommended,481510,34588988,Posted: 29 August,all,Snow Wuff,this game is everything a depressed 20 year old could ever want. i love this game with a goddamn passion its fantastic the gameplay is great the graphics are very creative and fun and thers so much to do that you could miss so be sure to explore absolutley everywhere and talk to absolutley everyone!! the music is also absolutley fantastic. i loved everything about this game. just wish there were more secret adventures you could do with bea and gregg and Angus especially!! heres hoping for an even better sequel. 10/10 would do crimes with gregg again
,Recommended,481510,34591824,Posted: 29 August,all,Moosen,Very fun game
,Recommended,481510,30972697,Posted: 5 April,all,That Weirdo,"Great game, play it before the fandom inevitably goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥ (I'm lookin at you Undertale)"
,Not Recommended,481510,30894139,Posted: 1 April,all,Kain067,"Some great animation, a partially-interesting story (that goes nowhere), yet filled with campy, ""witty"" dialogue that sounds straight out of Superbad or Juno. In other words, a whole lot of gamers will like it because ""hey, that's how my friends and I talk!"" - it matches its demographic. The main character is entitled and narcissistic, which most of this game's intended audience is, too. Hence the positive reviews. But really, the game is just a boring book where you have to push a button between every sentence. Oxenfree and Kentucky Route Zero do this type of thing far better."
,Recommended,481510,30215674,Posted: 27 February,all,Slafk,"Aw man, did this finally actually get released?It's rly geeewd btwEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELLLLLLLS"
76561198184542990,Not Recommended,481510,31227161,Posted: 18 April,all,Kienan,"This doesn't seem to be the popular opinion around here, but the gameplay was downright tedious at times. Interesting enough of a story, but wandering aimlessly through those dream sequences every night almost made me rage quit. I get that it's intended to be an interactive story, but it really kills any sense of immersion when you're spending most of the time just trying to figure out what part of the map the game wants you to walk to next to trigger the next event. The storyline was good and the characters were likeable; I will give it that. Overall, it doesn't redeem the game's lack of fun factor. Sorry, fans."
,Recommended,481510,30087781,Posted: 21 February,all,Kiaayo,I'm starting to love this game let's just hope it doesn't turn into the next undertale.
,Not Recommended,481510,31597379,Posted: 6 May,all,bjornspuppyfetish,"For a while, I believed Night in the Woods would turn out to be a good and interesting play. I had a friend who talked very well about it, and decided to give it a shot, so I managed to do some backbreaking work in the garden to make money to buy this game. However, I soon realized it was a waste of twenty dollars.Night in the Woods has an interesting art and gameplay style that works like a side-scrolling adventure. It appears to be very unique-- and in its own way, it is. The four main characters (Mae, Bea, Gregg, and Angus) are all very different from each other and I was glad to see variety from characters you would usually see. Real people with real problems, a gay couple, a bisexual character who struggles with mental illness... things I was quite glad to find in a game.That's probably the only thing the game has going for itself, though.Over half of the game (probably three or four hours total) is set like a prologue. The beginning is fairly promising-- it has a strange, ominous start that leaves you wondering. But after that, you have a few hours of play that is nothing but hanging out with either one of literally two people, Bea or Gregg. They're both great characters, sure, but they're the only two you can really speak to. Seeing the lack of point Angus has in this plot is disappointing since he is seen as one of the main characters.Moving on, you finally get to the ""real"" gameplay, where you start to pick up on the mystery again. For probably an hour or so, you switch to one story that is honestly pretty disappointing. You learn a lot of things and it makes it relatively mysterious. However, as soon as you get into this possible plot, you're thrown into another. This one was, in my opinion, pretty obvious, considering the beginning mystery. It is fairly mysterious in its own way. But you end up following that-- and the rest of the game-- for a bit over a half an hour. After that is the epilogue, which I didn't bother to play, since the actual story ended as soon as it started and there was nothing left to be said.Probably the most disappointing part of this game is the lack of exposition. Normally exposition can get pretty boring, but when you have literally none of it (i.e. this game) it's infuriating. So many characters that seem important are left hanging, and many clues or remarkable points in the plot are never resolved. I can't go on without spoiling the plot (though I really, really hope it won't matter, since I recommend you absolutely not buy this game.)Overall, the game feels rushed. There isn't a set plot, huge mysteries turn out to be a lot less important than they're made out to be, and it's relatively short. Which I honestly wouldnt mind, but for a twenty dollar game I would expect much, much more.If you really insist on buying this game, please consider borrowing from a friend or waiting for the price to go down. This game was a waste of my money (I don't have much to spend.)Night in the Woods is overrated, and if you want to know the reason, it's because there's a gay couple and a character with depression. That's it."
,Not Recommended,481510,33565489,Posted: 15 July,all,Jhaggarty,"FOR STAGE, ANIMAL CROSSING DOES: TWIN PEAKS.I wish steam had a orange ""wavy-hand"" for games like this.I'm not going to recommend it, but that doesn't mean it isn't a good game; I can easily see WHY someone would like this, but personally it didn't chime with me. The art work, music and atmosphere are really REALLY good and exploring your tiny, well-realised town is one of the most rewarding things the game has to offer. Finding secrets and talking to the side characters is honestly my favourite thing about this. The bit parts in particular are just so brilliantly characterised and surprisingly deep, they became pretty much my sole reason to keep going. The stand-outs for me were Bruce/Pastor K and the two COMPLETE NOBODIES who stood outside the town bar everyday talking about football (Go smelters, right?), both of who's story arcs are so well paced and deliver, in ONE INTERACTION A DAY, more emotional depth and characterisation than I feel Mae (the protagonist) get's across the whole game.And this is where I think the game goes off the tracks; Having proved that they can create some real good characters with nothing more than some minor visual details and an ellipsis or two, they (the writers) proceed to apply NONE of that evident skill to the main character. By the last act of the game I had turned off animated text so that I could spam/skip through her ATROCIOUS monologuing/script which, to me, sounded less like it was 'written' and more like it was 'sourced' from those images of replies you see that are sometimes funny on Tumblr. The humor I felt was brute-forced, relying less on real wit and more on the law of averages to land jokes.Mae is selfish, whiny, rude, un-predictable, violent, stupid, and by equal parts unbearably full of self-pity and somehow totally lacking in empathy for her friends who appear to be going through TOTALLY RELATABLE life struggles. All of which could be forgiven, if she wasn't just so chuffing ANNOYING! I don't think that all protagonists have to be charming beacons of virtuosness, but if I have to sit through at least 10 hours of game, at least make them LIKEABLE (especially galling when you consider how much better they've done it IN GAME, ALREADY). The game presents you with numerous dialogue options, but the frustrating fact is that all the options are barely distinguishable from each other: Be a TOOL and ruin your friends night, or be a COW and ruin your friends night. If you find you don't agree with or think like Mae, you're going to find that these 'hobsons choice' dialogue selctions get increasingly more and more frustrating, as the rift between player and protagonist get's wider and wider with every whingy tantrum or drunken mistake.There's some plot about ghosts and the super-natural but it feels like less of a story and more of a loose theme. I'm not totally down on that, I quite like it, it feels a bit 'Twin-peaks'. It introduces itself reasonably early on, shows up a little here and there, and then the story shifts from exploring small-town drama and relationship stuggles to abruptly being ABOUT the super-natural stuff. Some of it is used as a device to explore Mae's friendships, but a lot of it seems to just come from nowhere in particular. Again, it's not bad, but I REALLY enjoyed talking to the people of Possumsprings, and the game is really good at being about just that, so when it suddenly becomes NOT about that I felt a bit dissapointed.What else? Controls are nice, animation is smooth. Jumping mechanics are perhaps overly fiddly? Nothing too bad, but having to triple-jump seems a bit needless when you could just tap-to-jump or hold-to-jump-higher.Despite being brilliantly well fleshed-out (bang, bang bang on the characterisation drum) the lack of audio in conversations made them feel a little sterile. Some little chittering or grunting noises to express a little more emotion would have helped to bring the conversations alive a little more. Mae does a little noise when you do a triple-jump, so it shows they have considered it. Similarly, characters often comment on Mae's apperance (tired mostly, apparently), and it would have been nice to have some little visual indicators of this. These aren't really criticisms, just things I started to notice as the game went on.In short, the only real criticism I can level at Night in The Woods is that I really, TRULY hated Mae by the end of the game, enough so to out-weigh the charm and brilliance the rest of the game has to offer. Only just though, the charm is especially charming and the brilliance is, in places, dazzling; But ultimately having to see it through Mae's perspective was unbearable in the end."
,Not Recommended,481510,33665458,Posted: 19 July,all,JustGresh,"This may be a great game for people who enjoy dialogue and a relaxing atmosphere but it was not for me. I'm not saying this is a bad game and not to buy it. For me personally, I enjoy these style of games only if they can make me feel something. This game did not do that. It seems like the dialogue is best suited for teenagers in my opinion. It's a little too sarcastic and angsty. Just not my cup of tea, buy it if you think you'll like it (you have 2 hours of playtime to request a refund, which I did). Who knows, you may thoroughly enjoy it, a lot of others did."
,Not Recommended,481510,34908903,Posted: 12 September,all,Thornier,"I wanted to like this game and did for a while. As I was about to lose interest, there's a pretty interesting event. Then as I was getting bored with it again, a big revelation happened and I was excited to see the impact it had on the story. Except the story ends immediately after that. Not worth it"
,Recommended,481510,31150554,Posted: 15 April,all,kodo,song and pizza...
,Not Recommended,481510,30433687,Posted: 10 March,all,Custom_Character.div,"Night in the Woods just comes short of being a masterpieceNight in the Woods is a cozy game about growing up and moving on. It's a good premise accompanied by a fantastic art-style and smooth gameplay. Along with well made characters and investing story it should be a smash hit.But now we get to it's flawsCharactersThe characters for the most part are well done; They talk realistically and are developed well.Beatriceis a amazing example of someone who just wants to move on, but can't due to obligations to family and financial troubles.Maeis also a well done protagonist with her backstory being mostly covered up until the end.Angusis basically Brad Armstrong except he found a gay ♥♥♥♥-buddy.Then there's GregGreg is Mae's best friend sense childhood... That is basically it. He is such a important character and we know jack♥♥♥♥♥♥about him. All we know is that he is street trash and that he wants to move to some California/Mane type area. We learn more about his boyfriend then him himself. That's one of the game's major weaknesses ischaracters. They either have potential or MAJOR potential when it comes to back story. Now Greg is not the worst example of this. Do not get me wrong Greg's character is a good one. He's a good comic relief for the very real world problems going on. We just don't learn anything about him.Another character isCasey. This is a very VERY important character in the story line.. Supposedly. Casey is one of Mae's childhood friends who we don't hear too much about but he has supposedly run away from fear he would be rotting away in Possum springs the town where the game takes place. Casey is the definition of missed potential; But he is used as amaguffin used to hate the antagonist on a personal levelwhich is a problem because sense we know not enough about his character. If we had a couple dreams (Which are used as platforming segments) of Mae and Casey hanging out then we could learn more about this character and care about him. But instead he's just used for nothing substantial and it gets extremely aggravating.There is also a minor character namedMollyor is otherwise known as Aunt Mallcop by MaeMollyshouldn't be here on a story perspective. If she wasn't in this game or played an it so intrusive role there would be a lot more gameplay and story. She is just there to say 'Sorry I know this was just getting interesting but I gotta like ♥♥♥♥ it up you know how it is'. So in a way she is one of the best used cop characters in a video game.. huh.One character that I actually liked in particular isLori. She's a minor side character who wants to make horror movies.She really only serves optional dialogue about her writing in her journal/diary about what kind of concepts and ideas she has for horror movies. I personally like this character because I've been wanting to become a game designer sense forever and I find the character very relatable but that's just me.StoryThe story for the beginning is solid and intriguing there isn't too much to complain about that I haven't already done.But it takes a turn for the flip when we get to harvest which is basically Halloween. We witness a abduction and we followed the cloaked man to the woods where we get caught by Aunt Mallcop and then the next day. The ""Ghost"" subplot doesn't belong in this game; We were already going strong and then they bring this♥♥♥♥♥♥up. It's not that it doesn't belong is that the devs don't really go far enough. I mean with a subplot like this either go all in or don't go in at all. I wish we saw more outward impact then just people going missing and once in a while Mae gets a migraine. I wish we saw it take a huge toll on the townalthough this can be possibly forgiven via a theory which is revealed later in the game that the cult is sacrificing random people who aren't pillars of the community and almost everybody being in on it.But if that theory is proven false then I would like to see people actually caring or more drastic events occurring. How about some weird violent scenes in the woods or other types of crime rather then that one kind. The villain in this game to me is pretty weak and could have been done better if it wasn't there or was a lot more ♥♥♥♥ed up. Personally I would like to see a game where it goes to nice and cozy and relaxing toCompletely depressing and ♥♥♥♥ed up.The DreamsI wished had added more to the story, with them mainly being used as platforming sections.I find the platforming to be somewhat aggravating; but it is not close to abysmal even remotely. I enjoyed the more abstract landscapes. I just wished that it had more story elements to it rather then it just being platforming.The Scenesare done fairly well I liked a couple in particular but none really hurt too much. But one scene kinda hurt, and it was a complete accident.The scene is the scene that takes place after Mae gets shot by the cult and is hospitalized, now Greg, Angus, and Bea won't leave the apartment due to worrying that they will be attacked by the cult on their way. The problem is if you weren't paying close attention then it would seem as if they don't care because they don't take use off emotion in this scene and it works to its advantage if it was trying to be a depressing game; Which it's not. We never really are shown signs of the cult actually following them back to the apartment so they are just by a hunch gonna take the risk of not being their when one of their ""friends"" die. Emotional scenes don't hurt when the people are mad or sad or anything, they hurt when they simply don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ And it hurt, it hurt a lot, but they showed signs of them being stressed and then trying to take their mind off it which I noticed the second time playing through. But if they showed more emotion the blankness then it would of worked first time around.The EndingThe ending is very abrupt and it really could of used a couple more chapters because throughout the gamethe end of everything is hyped up and so are 'Blind and terrible things' and I wanted to see a lot more things come to light but the game feels interrupted by the cult sub-plot.I wanted to see the characters develop more and understand Mae more because she feels like a bystander throughout the game and is saw and treated like a nuisance having some of the characters look like they wish that she was just gone forever. It made the game hurt a lot more and unintentionally. The game overall feels like acocktease. It was aggravating because it was spliced with good feelings and aggravation. There is something more here and the devs just kinda flopped there. That makes me sad, this could be among masterpieces like undertale or off or LISA but it just falls short of greatness.I rate Night in the Woods a Cocktease/10"
,Recommended,481510,30089635,Posted: 21 February,all,DrunkardWolf,v. good
76561197970339916,Recommended,481510,30372620,Posted: 7 March,all,Boag,yes
76561198118525286,Not Recommended,481510,32096386,Posted: 31 May,all,Call me Pichael,Idk just not for me.
,Recommended,481510,30930623,Posted: 3 April,all,Crona,Is goodSend help
76561198092421237,Recommended,481510,31175586,Posted: 16 April,all,S U C C,It's aight.
,Recommended,481510,30371251,Posted: 7 March,all,Krankenwagon,"Petty crime simulator 2017. Interesting story, super relatable as someone in their early 20s, a lot of the story would be lost on people under 20. Unfortunately the start of the story is pretty slow until it picks up halfway through. More of a story than a game. 7/10."
,Recommended,481510,31886878,Posted: 21 May,all,Wojak,"A nice story, interesting characters, but not neccesairily a FUN game. It's a story that you play, essentially. Not a lot of actual Gameplay/Puzzles ETC. Is it worth 30 dollars? Not in my opinion, but it's a good game nonetheless."
76561198161064240,Recommended,481510,32917356,Posted: 28 June,all,the spitit of laines,kj
,Recommended,481510,30374118,Posted: 7 March,all,sgasghjojrla,Mae looks like a kid
,Recommended,481510,30461268,Posted: 11 March,all,Soseh,Emotional Rollercoaster 10/10Gregg Rulz ok.
,Recommended,481510,30175227,Posted: 25 February,all,Ilija,10/10  If you don't get this game I will come to your house and beat you with a bat!
,Recommended,481510,32804540,Posted: 26 June,all,gay gamer dad,yall like pizza nlggas?
,Recommended,481510,32283170,Posted: 8 June,all,Johnny 5 Aces,Runs pretty well on LinuxAlso is good otherwise
76561198267680854,Recommended,481510,30094078,Posted: 21 February,all,Dreamin',I've been waiting 2 years for this game and its definitely worth the 20 dollars
76561198043594583,Recommended,481510,31149466,Posted: 14 April,all,Disgusting Queen,best qualities: his wiggles
,Recommended,481510,32281227,Posted: 8 June,all,hi_pal0_o,*thumbs up*
,Recommended,481510,30211580,Posted: 26 February,all,Losian Rooke,"Definitely yes. This is an easy one.I'm not finished with it yet, but further in time-wise than I expected the game would even last, so no complaints at all.The easiest way to describe it is.. the game is mostly about just 'life' in a general sense, but the sort that I think will speak to many younger folks. Those who went to college and dropped out, who moved away from home to a bigger town and then went back, who never are quite sure if they've ""grown up"" or not.The music, characters, aesthetic, and general ambiance create a perfect little world to explore - there's a bit of puzzling and platforming, but it isn't really the focus. It's like a thoughtful walk in the park reminiscing on a day with decent weather, pleasant and absorbing, introspective and a bit brooding at times, hopeful and uplifting at others.I'm usually pretty hit or miss on narrative-heavy games with a focus on story and such, but the world built and presented in this game just feels warmly familiar within the first portion, and it's easy to just settle in and enjoy it."
,Recommended,481510,31548740,Posted: 4 May,all,Ƶέx,Crimes.
76561198151491011,Recommended,481510,30366091,Posted: 6 March,all,Heinrich Himmler,"Its gr8 so far, loving the characters!"
,Recommended,481510,33209863,Posted: 3 July,all,RandomBunnie,meme rulz ok
76561198096207337,Recommended,481510,31431489,Posted: 28 April,all,MissingNOAH,"Just, wow."
,Recommended,481510,30196856,Posted: 26 February,all,TurtleFaggo,all I have to say is this game has a great story is really replayable and I actualy cared about characters.
,Recommended,481510,33365815,Posted: 8 July,all,JIMMY,"You ever wanted to **** a crocodile? No?This game will changw the nature of that answer, guarenteed... unless you wanna spend all your time with a hungry bottim fox."
,Recommended,481510,31959639,Posted: 25 May,all,Bas,Yes
76561198061191725,Recommended,481510,31550999,Posted: 4 May,all,🐾Knot A Gay Fox,GREGGRULZOK
76561198261363785,Not Recommended,481510,30533949,Posted: 15 March,all,Fredwhatevs,"I tried. I really tried to like it but I don't know... maybe I am already too old for this ? The whole time I played I was annoyed by how Mae was acting like an immature hipsterish ungrateful ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.I think that maybe if Mae and her friends weren't 20 years old (!!!), I would have been more understanding, but caracters  still acting and talking like young teenagers in their 20s is just deeply annoying. I never got to feel anything for them, except maybe a little for Bea at some point, as well as Angus, a caracter that should have been more developped. Each time I thought the story was about to go somewhere interesting, it anticlimaxed hard, not to mention that there are close to no puzzles or riddles. Only 10 hours of Mae running around, talking to people and ''doing crimes'' (she steals stuff from store clerks and destroys abandonned cars. Sooooo badass. Not.)....Also, I think it lacks savepoints. Sometime towards the end, I had to keep playing for two hours straight before I could save and quit....I really think it would have been more efficient if the characters had been around 13-14. Maybe Mae could've left her hometown to go to a private high school in another country/city instead of college. Everything happening is more fitting to young teenagers than young adults. Maybe If they had been children, I wouldn't have spent half of the gaming time rolling my eyes and begging Mae to grow the ♥♥♥♥ up.Maybe I didn't get something but It didn't move me at all. I don't recommend."
,Not Recommended,481510,31255529,Posted: 20 April,all,Beerit,"PROS- Solid writing & characters.- Some touching teen-angst moments.- Charming art style.- The game's overarching theme of the fall of small town America is dealt with very touchingly and sensitively, without encumbering it with unwarranted nostalgia. I'd say this was my main takeaway from this game, and I'm very grateful for what it's given me in this regard.CONS- The amount of backtracking in this game is crazy. I'd say 5 out of the 10 or so hours I spent in it were devoted to walking through the same areas again and again. This made the game much longer than it needed to be. I found myself a couple of times literally on my phone reading emails while holding down the arrow key to get to the other side of town where I wanted to go.- There are hardly any parts (if at all) that demand any type of skill. I'm a big fan of interactive storytelling and walking simulators, but this game felt like it fell in the awkward inbetween place where there's a lot of dead time walking around and then just clicking the spacebar to get through conversations.- Somewhat frustrating platformer mechanics (not a big deal).- Some little interactions were completely redundant and made the game feel unpolished, like having the same mini-screen interaction to open the same window again and again or the town notice board which did not change during the game yet its action icon remained active (so I ended up checking it every single day with no change). Just, why?...I really really really wanted to recommend this game, but in all honesty I just couldn't. I wish they'd made it tighter. I feel like the developers put a lot of their heart and soul into this game, but they didn't really respect my time as a player and that kind of sucks. Either that or they were going for some deeper narrative meaning with all this backtracking that just didn't resonate with me.So, I'd say that if you found this game engaging and moving, you're probably better off reading a solid young adult novel like ""The Perks of Being a Wallflower"". As a game, this felt like a charming, sweet waste of my time."
,Not Recommended,481510,35121818,Posted: 21 September,all,ChocoSoupMallow,"This game is one of the most beautiful, amazing, story-rich games ive ever played, just godlike soundtrack, and lovable characters. But this game has some problems imo. This game starts off looking so beautiful, and just staring at the title is enough to make you say ""wow"".I took my time and tried finding out what this game was about, and I feel like ive got it down enough:You play as a 20 year old college dropout getting back to her home town, while you do mini-games and mysterys.Thats it.This game is beautiful and character development is great but thats basically all you do.[SPOLIER MARK]Other than getting back to her home town, you can find out there's a cult killing people, not just any kind, but people who ""are not needed for society"" (in my knowledge)You can choose to hang out with 2 characters (from what ive played through, i chose gregg's ending), Bea and Gregg.Those are both just different people to do different mini-games.The ending just builds so much up then the ending just dumps it all away. I just feel like this is a big problem.tl;dr: great if you love minigamesI like this game, and want to learn more from it, but for now i cant reccommend it"
,Recommended,481510,31264795,Posted: 20 April,all,Undecim,"If you are reading this, you are probably wondering if this game is worth playing, and the answer to that is unfortunately no, not for $20 anyway. For $10, I would say yes. Does this game have amazing fun and interesting gameplay? Nah. Does it have a Surperb and emotionally thrilling story? Kinda. Does it hit a little bit to hard on the nose with its point at the end? Definitely. I really can't help but compare it to Undertale, Oneshot, and Gmod, all $10 and better in my opinion, but this game was still fun and enjoyable in its own way. If you can buy it for $10, do it. It wasn't life changing at all, but was still a fun experience overall."
,Recommended,481510,32191404,Posted: 4 June,all,Pk Biggums,greg's overrated ok
,Recommended,481510,33789904,Posted: 25 July,all,knivefest,God gam epix dienamix awsum gam plaihe & gr8 stry i wud rcomnd dis gam 2 any1 dat licks gud stry & dat licks dat fury stuf cuz i thot it was gud 4 dat bit of fanitasie 2 sum up I thk nitw is gud
,Recommended,481510,34785239,Posted: 6 September,all,Cryker,jesus christ I love this game buy it just do it no questions
,Recommended,481510,34804469,Posted: 7 September,all,Goblin,"Ver goo gaem, fun for soul.JOKES."
,Recommended,481510,30363634,Posted: 6 March,all,Glarfl,Brillaint story. Brilliant characters with constant sense of mystery and connecting the dots for shapes.Everything is shapes.
,Not Recommended,481510,31199888,Posted: 17 April,all,Red Derkan's Storage,"Not at all. Hamfisted, nigh impossible achievements for those simple minded such as myself, and very narm at times. None of the characters are relatable unless you're a pyscho, and the fandom is rabid if you say one bad thing about it."
,Not Recommended,481510,32387681,Posted: 13 June,all,Kayu,"Would I recommend this game? Going in I wanted to, but no.It has a beautiful art style and aesthetic, some really great music (not joking the music is great) and an engrossing atmosphere, and it even has some funny, intriguing moments but unfortunately the overall package does not work for me. It starts pretty strong, but never really went anywhere.The character development is superficial, the gameplay loop is truly dull, the light platforming mechanics are needlessly frustrating. The game's major flaw however is the writing.The characters are flat and one note for much of the game, there are fleeting moments of edgy backstories and apparent progression but the writing never goes anywhere with it. The plot itself is meandering and unclear from beginning to end, and this is likely on purpose due to the themes explored, but it is not handled in a way that (at least for me) makes for an affecting or effective story. The dialogue is flat out awful, it made me hate many of the characters I was supposed to identify with because it was apparently written by someboy with a very limited vocabulary (like, like, like, UGH!) and an objective to create memes rather than actual character (let's repeat the word 'crimes' until it they plaster it all over Tumblr fan art). I could go on about the rancid writing but I don't want to waste more time talking about this game than playing it.I played through to the end of this game in the hope that something would happen to recontextualize the rest of the experience and make the game worth the rave reviews it has been getting, but that didn't happen. The ending didn't work at all for me either, it's like the writer(s?) watched No Country For Old Men and thought 'we need to do that'. You're not the Coen Brothers, stop.Unfortunately the game left me with a feeling of wasted potential. With a different writer and a more enjoyable gameplay experience, it could have been worth the art and music created for it.Save yourself the hassle and just listen to the OST, there really is some good music."
,Not Recommended,481510,32521740,Posted: 17 June,all,Envy,"I really wish I could recomend this game.but for me personally, it was cute and lovable, but the story was very disappointing, the main character always felt like the polar oposite of myself so I was never able to identify myself with her.The length of the game is also way too short, once it startet getting mildly interesting, it was already over."
,Not Recommended,481510,34070216,Posted: 6 August,all,LastTao,"One word - graphomania.And few more:Night in the woods looks and sounds amazingly good. But story feels like someone thinks he have something to tell, but after many hours and many words it is turn out that he is not."
,Not Recommended,481510,30937683,Posted: 4 April,all,Girlinse,"This game.. just isn't that good.Maybe I came in expecting too much but it really did not live up to the hype. I didn't think the sound track was all that good and not rememberable and the story was extremley anticlimatic.This game is not story rich, just emotional. A lot of dialog and side quest like hangouts with friends do nothing to the ending or the game, it's more like watching a droll movie.Yes, it does deal with a lot of issues like emotional stress and mental health but there is little to no story inbetween and the ending just left me frustrated, I was expecting more.If you like 'Slice of life' content then this is definently for you, but with lovely graphics this game left a lot to be desired.Don't buy into the hype, wait for it to go on sale."
76561198104375327,Not Recommended,481510,30786464,Posted: 27 March,all,Ginfoxy,"Those first 10 hours were rough and i'm not gonna lie I thought the whole thing was way boring, and all the minigames in the world could'nt change that, but glad I kept with it. The ending got heavy and ended up being worthwhile.I'm still not a fan of some of the writting and topics, way too much teen angst for my taste.Although it was a nice addition to see some Lovecraftian tones.Reason for the negative review is mainly to balance out the average here. The game was decent and I enjoyied playing, eh, about 45% of it, But an overwhelmingly positive average is misleading.games a soild 7/10, Pleasent, but certianly not groundbreaking."
,Not Recommended,481510,33415949,Posted: 9 July,all,Forgotten Syrup,"To be the only honest party posting about this game i'll cover all you need to know about night in the woods and why I wish there was a neutral option.NIGHT IN THE WOODS is an adventure game focused on exploration, story, and character, and as such there is very little of anything that could be attributed to real gameplay, it's a releatively controlled experience with you going to the same place on the same route just about every single in game day, character's are cute and real and the underlying tone is there, i've heard many people credit it for exploring deeper subjects and in the brief time I played this game, it did explore those subjects, further more the creators weren't afraid to explore actual real life items such as religion.Gameplay wise i've already stated is relatively bland, it's got cute little minigames here and there but is otherwise a whole lot of walking, and a whole lot of fixed dialouge, even the dialoug options provided have little variation and no noticeable effect on the story outside of another character's responce, for this reason I feel the price is rather high since it's something that can simply be watched as a no comentary gameplay on youtube.Conclusion:Don't buy it for the gameplay, if you actually want to go on a self experienced journey in night in the woods then be my guest in buying it, from my experience I can conclude that it is in no way a bad game, just focuses far to much on the area of story and so beyond little on the area of gameplay, it reminds of of Undertale in this regard but in Undertale choice actually matters."
,Not Recommended,481510,31585996,Posted: 6 May,all,Scrumb,"Hard to say I don't reccomend this game, because man o man is it really aesthetically HAS MY NUMBER, but SO FREQUENTLY I found myself just rushing through the actual content of the game (bonding with Mae's friend) to get to the parts that interested me (the mystery surrounding possum springs/mae's dropping out of college).Some of what the game does is charming, and it's always beautiful, but I felt like with the mystery element I was rushed to an unsatisfying conclusion in a game where I should have been just taking it easy and enjoying the interactions. Almost like Animal Crossing, but MUCH more heavily scripted and thus lacking the air of spontaneity that makes the most memorable AC interactions so much fun. I know if I played through this game again, everyone would do the exact same things again. Consequently, I never will."
76561198101996709,Recommended,481510,30091132,Posted: 21 February,all,Cat.,THA BEST!!!1!
76561198330330071,Not Recommended,481510,34023306,Posted: 4 August,all,ladytaga,"The first time I got it, this game was working perfectly, the next day, everytime I attempted to go onto the game, it froze."
,Recommended,481510,32005891,Posted: 27 May,all,Sp00py ROPN,Gregg doesn't rule ok. Bea is better and needs your help. This game makes you make moral choices and probably causes tears too
76561198302961291,Not Recommended,481510,31047745,Posted: 9 April,all,Cyntheshepicone,I can't play it every part of it has run fine and now I'm at the second dream after a day with a friend in game won't say who for spoilers sake but it's running like absolute crap now and I can t get past the dream every other part runs perfect why is it messing up now I love this game and if I could get help I'd change my review but it seems to be literally unplayable at this point
,Recommended,481510,30090944,Posted: 21 February,all,LazySeaAnemone,"│││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││∩││││∩│││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││││∩∩∩││││││││││││││││∩∩││││││││╓▄∩∩│││││││││││││││││││││││││││││∩│∩∩││││││││││││││∩││││││││▓▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▓││││││││││││││││││││││∩∩∩││││∩│││∩││││││∩│││∩│││││║▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▒▌││∩││││││││││││││││││││∩∩∩∩││││││∩│∩∩││││∩∩││││││N█████████∩││││∩│││││││∩││∩│││││││││∩∩∩│││││∩││││∩│││∩∩│││∩∩╫██████▒█╫││││││∩│││∩││││││││││││∩∩∩∩││∩∩│││∩∩∩│││∩∩││∩∩│││N██████▒█▒▌││││∩│││││││∩▄▒∩│││││││││∩∩∩∩│││∩││││∩∩││││∩│││∩∩▓▒▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▒∩∩∩││∩∩││╓▄▒▓▒▓▒▓∩││││∩∩│││││∩∩│││∩∩∩│││∩│││∩∩│││N▒▒▒▒▒▀▀██▒┤││∩∩│▄██████▓▓▓▓▓▒│││││∩∩∩│││∩∩∩│││∩∩│││∩∩││#▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒░│▄▒▓▒████████▒▓▓▓▓▓∩│∩│││││∩│││∩∩∩│││∩∩││▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▓▓▒████▒█████▀Ñ∩││∩∩∩││││∩∩∩│││∩∩│││#▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▒█▒▒██▀Ñ∩│││││││∩∩∩∩││∩∩∩∩││N∩W▒▒▒▒▒▒▒██▄│∩∩││╙Ñ╙▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█▓▓▒█▀▀∩┤∩│∩∩││∩∩∩││││N┤│││∩∩││╠▒▒▒▒▒███████▄∩∩∩│N∩∩Ñ▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀▀Ñ∩∩│││∩││││││K█████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒║█████████││∩∩││N∩▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒∩∩│││∩│││∩∩│││∩│╙▀██▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒███████▌∩│││∩│░▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒│││∩∩│││∩││││││∩∩∩││Ñ▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒║████▒##▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒∩∩│││∩∩│││∩∩││∩│││N∩∩│╙│╚∩▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒Ñ││N╡∩│N│∩∩││∩│││∩││∩∩∩∩│││N∩││ÑÑÑÑÑ║▓▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▀Ñ│∩∩│││∩∩││││∩││∩∩││∩││N││N∩│││╠Ñ∩│║Ñ∩▄███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒█████▄││∩∩││N∩∩│││∩∩││││∩∩∩∩│││∩∩∩│││∩∩││║█████████████████████████∩║│Ñ∩∩││Ñ∩│││∩││∩│(▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▒▓████████████████████▒██████▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████20 minutes into snack falcon and chill and he gives you this look, what u doin?"
,Not Recommended,481510,31292028,Posted: 22 April,all,EndangeredProdigy,"Before I start, I don't want to say this is a BAD GAME.  However, this game failed to satisfy me in more ways than it actually did.  I enjoyed the art style and thought that it was very well animated.  The characters interacted to the world and each other in a realistic enough way.  Also, I thought the music was nice and enjoyedthe Guitar-Hero style minigame.I also thought that some of the conversations that the characters had were quite nice.  That being said, this game did not grab on to me like I wish it had.  I really tried to like this game, but I just could not get over how some of the characters were a bit annoying and/or weak, and with a game that is so centered around character development and interaction, this is extremely important to avoid.  I am in the age range that this game is trying to reach and have an issue with the attitude that some of the characters hold(such as the existential dread and depressed ""I don't fit in anywhere"" trope)that this game tries to fixate on.  I understand these subjects, but I just ended up getting more irritated with the constant conversations/thoughts about them throughout the story.Also, the main conflict of the game was not addressed in a way that I thought was believable.  Moments that are supposed to be traumatic are often responded to with either jokes or simple apathy on the characters' parts.  I get what the game is trying to say at the end where it ends so abruptly, basically showing that no matter what happens, life goes on as usual and is always an open ended story.Maybe I'm out of touch, but I just don't connect with the characters or believe them in their depiction of reality.  If you want, give it a try because it isn't too expensive.  I am glad that I played it, but I cannot say that I recommend it to anyone."
,Not Recommended,481510,30745985,Posted: 26 March,all,Venomlemon,"Obviously a lot of people love the game and find it as a valuable addition into their game library.Unfortunately I am not one of those people. I felt the game was unnecessarily prolonged long series of running between hotspots to activate dialogue that in most cases offered nothing valuable for either taking the story forward or adding anything into my life. I kept thinking if the medium was a right choice for the story and characters. Why is this a video game? I even felt like jumping button wasn't really requirement for game to work. You press analoguestick/arrows/pad to either left or right until you reach character/hotspot and then you press interaction button. Dialogue or monologue commences and sometimes next chapter starts. I was left longing for storytelling that can only be achieved in a game. Richer interaction with the environment and maybe some slight puzzles could have offered the substance and change of pace this game so desperatly needed.Most of the dialogue I felt didn't matter. Some friends talking about pizza or their childhood, couldn't relate or care what they had to say. Only few parts of their chatter, which seemed endless, hold any interest to me. Dunno could be the age cap, maybe as a 33 years old male I've finally reached the part where I don't ""get"" all of the problems the people younger than me have.Hey, you might enjoy the game a lot. I just know I didn't."
,Not Recommended,481510,33496150,Posted: 12 July,all,CharlesBarkley_,"This review is a warning to anybody buying the game for the mystery element.The mystery has a major plothole whichwillstop you from correctly guessing what's going on. The mystery kicks off with Mae and her friends finding a severed arm.The method of killing used by the cult is throwing live sacrifices into a giant hole in a cave.A severed arm doesn't match up with the reveal at all.I totally recommend the game on it's other aspects, the characters and music are great."
76561198043431610,Not Recommended,481510,30509856,Posted: 14 March,all,Sammy,"Tumblr, if you're reading this, don't kill this game like you did with Undertale.SPOILER FREENITW is a very different game to your usual text based no-skill-required adventures.The style is beautiful and the world is well designed, not much else to say. Wasn't outstanding, but it didn't need to be, nor was it subpar in any respects.As for the story, people are 100% right when they say it starts off slow. It makes a huge mistake by starting off slow, almost to the point of making me want to drop it. I have other things that need doing. I don't always expect a huge hook right at the start to make me want to play on, but 2-3 hours of nonsense talking and character introductions for like 5 main characters is not a good idea.After the intro point, we then get on to ""actual gameplay"", which means you get to participate in the game, such as playing in the band Guitar Hero style, and other such simple minigames. These were fun, and I'm fairly certain there are achievements tied to them, so go nuts.Every now and then you get posed a choice, which as far as I could tell, 90% of them did not matter. While the game never pretended to be choice heavy, going down hard and fast routes based on my selections, I did not appreciate being given a choice of ""!!!!"" or ""!?!?!?!"". Like, why? It doesn't affect the dialog or events following on, except for a handful of circumstances. It's not needed. It didn't add to the character I was playing.As for the main cast of characters, I struggled to like them, really. They were either bland with only a cutscene or two of backstory to flesh them out, or so in your face that I actually began to dislike them. They all felt painted with the same brush, where their mannerisms were all the same, bar one being aloof, another hyper, another a big softie. I felt like one person made them all in one sitting. They felt like different parts of the same person (re: the author)As for the story, this is a spoiler free review, and I definitely don't want to influence how you reading this may percieve the story before going in. I'd rate the ending to be above average. The build up was too long for what the ending was.Maybe I missed some key points and thus missed out on some scenes? Maybe if I play again I'll see things in a new light and it'll all click. But I don't feel that the game will give me much more for a second playthrough. Replay value is pretty much nil apart from going back for achievements. There are a few little ""fetch quests"" that you stumble upon and can complete, but I felt no drive to, personally.Overall, I juuuuuust about enjoyed this game enough to write a review. It was not worth the €20 I spent on it, it's worth maybe half that. Took about 8 hours to finish, but I honestly feel that it dragged on. Just overall, there was a lot more said than needed to be. It certainly wasn't for lack of content, they just stretched it out for some reason.Also, this is just my opinion, but the style of writing really grated on me. How characters talk with the same tone and humour made it really feel like this whole thing was written by one person, alone, in one go, with no edits. Just a stream of thought. There are no jokes, just talking and talking and attempts at memes. (read; Eff the Cops, Gregg rules ok, etc)It read like fanfiction does, where what people say usually don't make sense, and it is a little meandering.When the game tried to get introspective and discuss deep thoughts and meanings, I just got lost in how much nothing was being said. You'll see if you play it, but it was just a lot of ""I feel this way, and that kinda sucks, you know?"" Again, a lot being said but nothing being said.I feel that if you like Tumblr, you won't have any issue with this game. It's like Undertale again, except Undertale was actually good in and of itself.Game crashed once."
76561198200814625,Not Recommended,481510,31944386,Posted: 24 May,all,noxlucis,To put it nicely. I get the impression this was not made for me.
,Recommended,481510,34825069,Posted: 8 September,all,oWeeja,It good
76561198164300436,Recommended,481510,34829652,Posted: 8 September,all,|{+GLITCH-?-B0Y-}|,amazing
,Not Recommended,481510,35076096,Posted: 19 September,all,Ross thick'ms,the game just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ends lmao
,Not Recommended,481510,34528731,Posted: 27 August,all,Awkward_Fiend,"This game is confusing and convoluted at the end. The main character is an idiot. Half the game is walking to either Gregg or Beas shops. The characters are more developed than in most games so I have to credit it there. I don't understand why this game is regarded to be a masterpiece, if you think so then could you tell me why in the comment because I just don't understand."
,Not Recommended,481510,31217017,Posted: 18 April,all,Reatlas,"PROS:Good soundtrackNice visual styleDialogue is well writtenCharacters are superbly relatable, if you're into that sort of thingCONS:Gameplay might as well be non-existentStory progression is slow as a glacierPlot is illogical and poorly resolvedIf you've every wanted to know what it feels like to be a gen Y, this is the perfect exampleNight in the Woods: The Millenial Game.Mae is a college dropout experiencing an existential crisis. That in itself should give it a pretty big audience who can relate to the protagonist and her struggles, but Night in the Woods lacks unique or interesting gameplay and the story is ultimately a let-down that never really manages to captivate. The majority of the game is running about in town or messing about for no real purpose, and plot development is cruelly neglected most of the time.I wish I could recommend this game because there really needs to be more story and charcter-driven video games, but ultimatly Night in the Woods was a major disappointment in the plot section, and good characters alone could not carry it."
,Not Recommended,481510,31437086,Posted: 29 April,all,Moof,"The game has a good first act, and an even better second act. But the third act to this game is where things get bad.Like, really bad.Sorry 95% of Steam reviews, but an ending that completely undermines the rest of the game and sours everything that happened before it is an instantcan not in good faith recommendfor me.Also, no Angus arc. What were they even thinking? Oi oi oi."
76561198364667359,Not Recommended,481510,30362277,Posted: 6 March,all,applemarshmallows,"I went from hating, to loving and then to mildly disliking this game. This makes me sad, because I only joined steam to play it, and I'd been eagerly anticipating it for months before Feb 21st. Don't get me wrong, there is a lot to enjoy in NITW (especially if you are part of the demographic that I suspect the devs were trying to aim for); the art style and the overall atmosphere are suitably kitsch yet slightly dark, and the music is excellent. The gameplay is minimal, but I feel that this is undertsandable in a very narrative-driven game, and the various minigames scattered throughout the story offer some welcome breaks from either walking or talking.The problems that I have with NITW are primarily with the writing and the story. I can't claim to know how 20 yr olds in the US talk to each other because I live in the UK and I've never been across the pond, but I am only a few years younger than the main cast of this game, and a lot of the dialogue felt off to me. A lot of the characters' reactions to what would be horrifying events in real life were much too cooly ""witty"" to be believable, and it seemed like they had all been written  in the exact same ""sarky"" style by someone slightly out of touch with the way that young adults actually talk to each other. The lack of swearing was jarring, and in my mind made the characters sound younger than they were (the replacement of ♥♥♥♥ with ""eff"" imparticluar, if you're not gonna say it, just leave it out), but again, I dont know if saying ♥♥♥♥ every other sentence is just a brit thing. In all fairness, I thought a lot of the more emotionally charged scenes between Mae, Gregg and Bea were written with maturity, I only wish that that sense of realism had been kept throughout.Towards the end of NITW, the writing attempts to get more philosophical, and this is where I really felt the cracks starting to show. One scene especially seemed to be filling out a checklist of the most overused ""meaningful"" statements (if this was intentional and supposed to be ironic, congratualtions). You don't need buzz words to be thought provoking, and some of Gregg's dialogue at the end shows this.In terms of story, exploring the town was enjoyable, and I liked finding out more about each character as I spent the day hanging out with them; there is certainly no lack of variety. I was actually excited to find out what the mystery hidden in the woods by Possum Springs would turn out to be, but the big reveal seemed to come out of left field and was explained away without much thought. The ending was also eerily similar to the twist in the film, Hot Fuzz.This brings me to the biggest gripe I have with NITW, and thats with the attitude towards life it seems to encourage. If you're living with anxiety or depression then the aimlessness and occasional cynicism of Mae and her friends is quite relatable, but I'm worried this game will only normalise these problems. I was waiting for Gregg, Bea or Mae's parents to encouarge Mae to try college again, or even just to do something productive, but this never happened. Yes friends are important and you should cherish them, but being unemployed or being locked in a dead end job will not make you happy. I know this is very much my opinion, but I thought it was integral to how I viewed the game after playing it.I agree with Gregg when he says ""So I believe in a universe that doesn't care... and people who do"". Please Gregg, show us you care.If you are 14/15 and going through an emo phase you will probably enjoy NITW. Unfortunately I'm not, and I couldn't overlook the flaws I found in this game."
76561198107238066,Not Recommended,481510,31088838,Posted: 11 April,all,The Funsized Asian,I hope you like walking. A lot.
,Not Recommended,481510,30459982,Posted: 11 March,all,DastardlyDeen,"Following this project from its kickstarter infancy, I held a lot of doubt about Scott Benson's team being able to make compelling gameplay out of what's essentialy a john green novel backed by beautiful pastel paper cut-outs.Needless to say my doubts were substantiated, as the most interesting gameplay to be found is a half baked Hyperlight Drifter knock off found on the main characters computer. NITW's strongest features are its writing and visuals, but for me that wasn't enough to carry what's essentially 10 hours of reading dialouge, awkwardly platforming around the main set piece, and pushing leaves off things.While the writing might be charming, the story oftentimes feels aimless and when it finally decides to catch some momentum, it doesn't feel justified since there's hardly any leadup before it careens off a cliff and the game abruptly ends. It baffles me that Scott chose to tell this story through the medium of a game, as he's a talented animator with a great voice, but it really shines through that hes not capable of much more than drawn out dialouge, clunky platforming, and warioware-esque minigames that only feel like laundry list of filler.As a Final line Night in the Woods feels much more like an expensive graphic novel with some interesting ideas peppered in between hours of nothing. If you're interested in playing, watch a let's play, you're guarenteed the same experience."
,Not Recommended,481510,30509313,Posted: 14 March,all,Schwulah,"This game brings with it interesting visuals and an intriguing atmosphere, but in my opinion lacks what it needed strongest: a lasting narrative. The game is filled with plenty of boring walking sections with minimal exposition as the only reward, and a motley crew of characters that have interesting personalities (besides mae) but never get enough exposure to warrant them.  The idea behind the narrative is to suddenly drop a tense situation on said cast after a semblence of normal life, but it happens after too much of nothing and is so fast and poorly explained it leaves a half baked taste in your mouth. It reminds too much of something that trys to be deep but is instead very dry and boring. Whatever message it was trying to send was not well received. I would not reccomend this to anyone unless they really needed time to kill."
76561198019366848,Recommended,481510,30085216,Posted: 21 February,all,Ord är svåra,I can start the gameGood Game.
76561197995366700,Not Recommended,481510,33908519,Posted: 30 July,all,ecweiss,"I was told to just stick with this game.  I was told that eventually the plot would make it totally worth it.  I was told that this ""choice driven game"" was going to have an engaging story line where you really felt like you were driving the story.  THIS IS ALL A BUNCH OF HOGWASH!   First of all, you can barely call this a game.  There is apparently no dying, the ""puzzles"" are so easy they can barely be called puzzles at all, and while maybe you can choose the order you talk to people and what exact words get used (on occasion) the story is very directional and you have no real control over the outcome.  To top it all off, the plot is NOT all that imaginative.  In fact, the only thing that made the story enjoyable at all was my anticipation that the story was going to get engaging (an anticipation that ended up going totally on realized).  If you want a game where you control a college drop out, millennial doing little more than hanging out with her friends while dealing with mental health issues - this is the game for you.  HOWEVER, if you want a game with some real choice in it, a unique world, and a creative story line, try something else.  I won't discuss where the plot ultimately goes to avoid spoiling it for anyone who reads this review and still ultimately buys the game, but trust me, its trite.   I have NO idea why this game has received positive reviews.   It is wholly undeserved."
76561197997311526,Not Recommended,481510,31420919,Posted: 28 April,all,blangeland,"Had really high hopes for this game, so many good reviews.Was looking forward to a good and exiting story.But, I was just so bored, so incredibly bored that honestly I can't even make myself finish it.8 hours in I can't take it anymore, I'm giving up.Some nice, funny characters, nice graphics and all, but the repetetive actions and lack of story is just unbearable."
,Not Recommended,481510,31447400,Posted: 29 April,all,JudgeB,"Night in the Woods is a game of nice individual parts that don't make a coherent whole. The lack of focus makes it difficult to hold interest, and what mystery there is doesn't have a satisfying payoff."
,Not Recommended,481510,33044370,Posted: 30 June,all,omlinson,"The game is very beautiful. It's worth purchasing for the aesthetics.HOWEVER, I don't recommend this game to anyone who doesn't like reading dialogue because some story options are pretty boring to read. There's no way to skip them. The dream sequences are also really annoying because if you can easily end up spending a lot of time running in circles feeling like there is no escape..."
76561198099643851,Not Recommended,481510,31038179,Posted: 9 April,all,Ragnahawk,Initially I liked it because the story made it seem like it would be enjoyable later down. It ends too soon. That's why I don't recommend. Unless the author decides to make another game to add on to this..... Honestly I would just buy the next game just to find out what happens next. You shouldn't play it unless they come out with another game.
,Not Recommended,481510,33803051,Posted: 26 July,all,C4R73R,It's hard to like a game when on one of your computers the game just goes all black loading screens half the time and there isn't anything you can do about it.
,Not Recommended,481510,30937919,Posted: 4 April,all,discodaddy,"I bought this game based on good reviews and memes that praised it. However, I was severely dissappointed.I went in expecting an enganging story, interesting characters and at least a few exciting moments. This was not the case.Pros-Amazing art, I loved the look and feel of the game.-Music and Sound fit the scene constantly and was always pleasing.Cons-Characters-- Mae: Cliche, uninteresting, college dropout who felt entirely replaceable. For a MC, I found Mae unsatisfying.-- Gregg: Needlessly flamboyant, couldn't figure out why we were such good friends in the first place. Stupid jacket as well.-- Angus: Any conversation with angus was dry and not engaging. Felt like small talk.-- Bea: Also cliche, edgy goth character with a dark backstory. I did everything in my power to avoid hanging out with this boring, depressing character.-StoryThe story felt slow, was difficult to get into, and was lacking overall. Even after beating the game, I'm still not sure what the climax of the story was.It felt as if the creators of the game forgot to add in the rising action/climax and went straight from the setting to resolution of the story.-""Gameplay""-Hardly any ""gameplay"" other than holding left or right, and pressing C.-There are a few platforming segments shoehorned in, however they are more annoying than challenging, and more releiving than satisfying to complete.-DialougeThere were several points in the game in which I felt as if the dialogue was cliche, cringy, and unrealistic. Being dialogue driven game, I shouldn't have been looking for a ""Skip dialogue"" option, however I caught myself doing so at many point throughout the story.Overall, I can't recommend this game at it's current price. $20 is too much to ask for a ""game"" that is story driven, with a mystery that your character is only somewhat interested in solving because she has nothing better to do, cringy dialogue, and overall unlikable characters.Score - 3/10TL:DR: Wait until $4.99"
76561198113631371,Not Recommended,481510,30360947,Posted: 6 March,all,Phineas-Noremac,"Don't get me wrong I really enjoyed this game and I didn't look up anyhing about it before buying. I enjoyed it because it is a good game, it has good characters, unique art style, an interesting plot, and a decent play time (it took me three days to complete and I played from morning till late evening). However, the game is not worth the price it is labbled at. The game just doesn't offer ENOUGH play time or gameplay itself to be listed at $20. This game at MOST should be around $12, and thats being generous. I say this because while you play the game you are enjoying it a lot, but once you complete it you feel like there should have been more and you kinda did just spend $20 dollars on it. Keep in mind you can buy games like Ocarina of Time remasterd on the 3DS for $20 and it can keep you entertained for weeks or longer, heck it took my a year to beat that game. So is this a bad game, no. Is it a good game, yes. Should you buy this game, no. If  you have been interested in this game and you are considering buying it wait until it goes on sale, otherwise you will feel like you wasted your money. Keep in mind this is just my OPINION people can think differently if they chose to. This is just the way I felt after beating and playing this game."
,Not Recommended,481510,30400816,Posted: 8 March,all,Ren Haru,"When I first downloaded this game I was really excited to play it. I went in knowing it wasn't going to be full of action or even puzzles- I was in it for the art style, story, and relatability of the characters. While the art styles holds up and then some, overall the game ends up feeling repetitive and empty. It takes like 3 hours just to get the main story rolling, and then when it does the ending leaves more questions then answers. Yeah, because I really like ending a game not knowing if some of the characters I loved are going to get their throats slit in their sleep that night. From a story aspect the game feels unfinished.I'm trying not to spoil too much here, but trust me when I say to wait for a Steam Sale. This is not a $20 game. It's $10, tops, unless they seriously revamp the ending. It's that bad."
76561197988875184,Not Recommended,481510,31950786,Posted: 25 May,all,Arturozs,"First half of the story has nothing to do with the seccond half, weid♥♥♥♥♥incomplete ending, just a major disapoint overall. The game has it's charm, but it's not worthy the 8 plus hours of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,481510,30385819,Posted: 7 March,all,ballstothewallgamer,"This is going to be a difficult review because I understand why people would love this game but I just don't. This is definitely a completely unique game that lots of people will enjoy. Even though the pace is a bit slow and there is not really much gameplay. It is basically a walking simulator with deep conversations with friends, parents, teachers, and random town folk with some spooky elements. It is well written and I understand what the developers wanted to accomplish with this game. But I found it incredibly difficult to play. From here I will spoil a bit about the game. The overall tone of the game points out life is not perfect but we try to create normalization out of our existence. It's characters reminds me of people I actually know. Some my friends have dealt with similar struggles that characters have faced in the game. This game is definitely real and maybe that is my problem. I play games to escape reality and not to be reminded of how the world is broken. It shows that you should appreciate family and friends while they are still around. Which is great for people that need that message. Others will love the game because of the reasons I dislike the game. For its relatability and realism."
,Not Recommended,481510,30545425,Posted: 16 March,all,Grep,"I honestly feel rather conflicted about whether I want to love or hate this game.There are just as many pleasant quirks and details about the game as there are annoying ones.Some minor stuff first:The art takes on a simplistic look that I've seen far too often in games and other media. Though it has its own charm, it often grows tiresome to look at.The music is boring and uninspired. On top of mediocre composition, it's only ever performed using what sounds like MIDI instruments.But, for me, there's really only two things that makeandbreak the game.What makes it is the writing and fiction.The setting proves to be intricate and exciting. The player is presented with a sort of small town neighborhood going through the hustle and bustle of daily life.A lot of the main characters are fun to interact with in their own way; Each one has their own defining quirks and backgrounds.The story (on its own) flows rather nicely; Every point within the story is clear, concise, and easy to follow.But what really breaks it for me is the actual ""game"" itself.This mostly consists of scrolling through dialog, without much platforming involved.The platforming itself is just glitchy enough to prove frustrating at times.There are moments of silence inbetween lines of dialoge that are impossible to distinguish from normal gameplay apart from control being completely taken away, leaving the player confused as to why none of the buttons work until it's finally broken.During certain points of the game, certain aspects of control are taken away inexplicably, such as jumping or running to the right.Even the menus are confusing to navigate through (The Enter button doesn't work for example.)The minigames sprinkled throughout the main quest are really the only things that I found that, not only were worthwhile to play, but made me feel like I was even playing a game in the first place.It's a very pleasant experience for anyone who favors a good story more than everything else,But even then, I'd argue that it is most certainlynotworth the $20 price tag.P.S. I think Demontower would sell well as its own game."
76561198093433638,Not Recommended,481510,33800543,Posted: 25 July,all,tatellrton,"Edgy teen simulator 2017.After playing the first Witcher game, I didn't think it would be possible to find a slower paced story, not in my life time. I was wrong. Night in the Woods moves at a pace that makes Dostoyevsky look like a jackrabbit, and nothing you do feels like it was necessary to move the plot forward or develop the characters. It just feels like you're dicking around with a bunch of kids you might find hanging outside a HotTopic at your local mall, hand rolling cigs and running into you as they fail to execute basic skateboard tricks before being chased off by an overweight security guard.  The ""comedy"" written into this game is exactly the sort that Steam typically rewards. It's obnoxiously simple sarcasm and parody designed to be as obvious as possible so as not to fly over the head of the average borderline autistic PC gamer with the ability to pick up on social cues of a potato.You'll notice many other reviews celebrating the game as story rich, and having good writing, which is really more of an indictment of the writing in games more than anything else. I will concede that its' writing is certainly not cancerous to the degree that AAA games like the new versions of Ghost Recon, Mass Effect, or Assassins Creed are but its a Far Cry from  a Doublefine/Telltale game or something like 80 Days/The Witcher 2-3/Talos Principle/Arkham Asylum-City/Aviary Attorney. While still being an annoying whinny pseudo-rebel, the choice of a female college dropout instead of a bearded burly man covered in dirt for protagonist/story is certainly somewhat refreshing. But the supporting cast are still inevitably just 2d archetypes. From the moment you meet them you know all you're ever going to need to know about them. The crazy one, the smart one, the ♥♥♥♥♥y one. The perpetually out to lunch dad who is just doing best, the more in touch mom who reminds you to be safe, but still doesn't understand you.This is the main flaw with the game. If you're going to make me sit through hours of slow paced exposition that does nothing to move the plot forward, you should be using that time to ""expose"" the supporting cast and the main protagonist, so that I get to know them better for when the action starts (if it ever does). Exposition is not an excuse to simply make me play through a bunch of pointless ""slice of life anime"" type interactions in which the stock characters act in exactly the way I expect them to so that you can artificially draw out your game length. I spend 10 minutes walking around town to talk to everyone for that day, the smart one says something smart, the ♥♥♥♥♥y one is a ♥♥♥♥♥ to me, and the crazy guy waves his arms around like a spazzed retard and then its bedtime. Rinse, repeat, with a mini-game thrown in. Thats called ""dicking me about"" and I don't like to be dicked about, especially not in such a mundane setting.To be honest most of whats above you could say about allot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games. The truth is I don't like rebellious poser kids who ""fight the power"" by making PG+PC obvious jokes about everything while their life is falling apart around them. They're just unmotivated losers, and I want to run them over with my car rather than play as them. But then again, if your target audience with a (T) rating in mainly going to be faggy little fat kids in minecraft t-shirts, all of it makes sense. Petty crime, rebellion, and parties with beer, all♥♥♥♥♥♥that I would have gone for in a game at 13."
76561198075837967,Not Recommended,481510,31229212,Posted: 18 April,all,shawazi5,"I am really confused by the reviews of this game. While I liked the characters, I felt that half the game was hitting spacebar to skip dialogue, hoping the end would be near. This would have been much better as a graphic novel since it was basically repetiive walking, looking for more dialogue. Some minigames were cool, but others were horrible. The rogue mini game was probably the best part of the purchase. The ending also was totally out of left field in a weird bad way. I thought it would have some good message about mental health, but that fell by the wayside. A real missed opportunity that could have made up for a lot."
,Not Recommended,481510,30600899,Posted: 18 March,all,Solis,"I want to like this game, I really do, Until chapter 4 the pacing is just so ploddingly slow, and combined with the lack of replay-friendly features (like say chapter select) and mediocre gameplay, I just can't really recommend this one. That said, it does hit some strong emotional notes and while the characters are all flawed, they're at least flawed in a likeable way. Plus the last act of the game is quite good - it's just a shame the leadup is not."
,Not Recommended,481510,32494630,Posted: 16 June,all,Karl,"I don't know why this is an 88 metacritic. This game doesn't look like its cover, this game taught me to do more research on a game instead of winging it. Then have a ending that was garbage that literally just cut out. Overall it felt like a chore to finish this game. The mini-games were ok. This wasn't worth the 20 dollars I spent. I will give this game credit for being polished. 6/10 but + 1 for the graphics and the soundtrack."
,Not Recommended,481510,30118337,Posted: 23 February,all,gully,"I really wanted to like this game, but ultimately, it is very boring.  I love adventure and open-world type games.. but there is too much focus on the narrative and not enough gameplay.Wake up, go here, speak to this person for 5 minutes, then go over there and talk to that person, go home and sleep, and then repeat.There is no real action involved or anything of any substance that makes the game enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,481510,30466279,Posted: 12 March,all,That Robot From Wall-E,"It's an alright game, I do not think it is worthy of all the ratings it has received.A lot of the Night in the Woods would probably hinge on how well you're okay with stories that fall apart completely during the climax. On top of that, you'd also have to like Mae as a character because she is not presented as a neutral character and is very emotional, often spurting out things without a filter. As a result, I found it impossible to immerse myself in the game simply due to the fact that there was such a disdain I held towards her stereotypical teenager rebellious attitude despite the fact that she is 20 and should know better.Gameplay wise, you're just going to be playing a 2D side-scrolling visual novel. There is no other gameplay other than moving around, talking and occasionally doing boring mini games. I can guarantee that your entire experience with the game is just going to be you mashing the jump button, getting to every single NPC you can talk to in town, finish an event sequence, finish a nightmare sequence, then repeat until you reach 80% of the game where you're finally set in a linear motion for the climax."
,Not Recommended,481510,33442660,Posted: 10 July,all,[NS] CyriK,"The story might be good but I haven't got into it much. For me, It's a $20 walking and talking simulator. The ""Band Practice"" sections are a little fun, watered down Rock Band/Guitar Hero at best though. The gameplay is too repetitive and just generally boring for me to carry on with the story. While playing I find myself looking at my phone a lot and just messing around, like jumping on mailboxes."
,Not Recommended,481510,34788112,Posted: 6 September,all,thanksbobby,"these postivie reviews made me think this game was going to be awesome, wtf i tried so hard to like this. its just about a character that accepts failures, never trys for a better life, and you just walk her around and watch her make bad life choices. her friends are cool, but that doesnt matter when the game doesnt offer anything else, its just people accepting negitives"
,Not Recommended,481510,30468053,Posted: 12 March,all,Zetta,"I bought this game because of the stellar reviews provided by fellow Steam users. Finished the game and felt like it was overrated. The dialogue choices aren't as impactful as I thought it would be (compared to Bioware games or Life is Strange), and the main characters aren't explored as much as I would have expected from a game that was highly praised for its writing, let alone its less important npcs. I happen to be a college dropout too, but I couldn't relate to Mae as much. It could also be culture gap as I wasn't wasting my teenage life in the American setting. Foreign buyers beware, I guess.Also Mae's dreams are probably my least favorite thing in the game. It dilutes the dream feel with tedious backtracking.Despite its shortcomings, it has awesome visuals and nice minigames (particularly Demontower). Do check other reviews but I wouldn't recommend it myself."
,Not Recommended,481510,30754547,Posted: 26 March,all,bouncy boy,"About kids, for kids, with main character being a kid in her 20's.The Good Stuff:Overall design.The game itself looks really nice and well-drawn, enviroments are mostly beautiful (sometimes minimalistic, but eh, not a big deal) and its fun to lurk around, exploring rooftops and peeking in windows. Color pallet is different: ranging from bright city bathing in daylight to dark basements and graveyards. Animations are cool and not annoying to look at.Sound.Its kinda shallow sometimes, but it fits the theme wonderfully. Some tracks are great, even worth listening without the game. And yeah, INSTRUMENTALS. Other in-game sounds (footsteps, jumping, leaves etc.) are lively and don't feel out of place at all.Minigames.There are quite a number of them and they are pretty fun. Especially that Demon Tower one, felt like Hyper Light Drifter  and had a nice progression system.You lose HP every level, but instead gain an additional dash chargeThe Meh Stuff:PerformanceDon't know if its just my computer being not fit for the task, but my framerate sometimes tanked so much that the game felt choppy and slow. I also noticed some weird screen issues, seemed like the game were redrawing backgrounds every step i took in some locations. And LOADING SCREENS. Jeez, its 2017, PC can totally take on bigger things like actual open-world games in full 3D. Why would you ever put SO MUCH LOADING SCREENS IN YOUR GAME?Message and philosophyMany people noticed that the game delivers an obvious leftist message, flavored by communistic thought here and there, talking about beating up ""fascist"" and what not, pushing you into this whole ""its okay to be gay"" thingy, which I am personally not fond of. And its like a small american town, filled with old and conservative people. Strange, simply strange and out of place. Nevertheless, I understand that target audience is probably tumblr/buzzfeed kind of kids, I'm just putting it out there, so you know what to expect.The Bad stuff:Gameplay mechanicsAside from minigames you have ""jumping puzzles"" which use a unique mechanic: jumping third time in a row will make your character go higher. Sounds simple and fun, is it? Let me assure you, the whole jumping thing is inconsistent and frustrating with standing ground just magically losing its ""standing"" capabilities, legdes shorter than they actually seem. Some jumps require almost pinpoint accurate timing and its not really about ""challenge"", its about trying over and over, going through several loading screens to get somewhere you need to get.Story and charactersI don't know... There are some good moments and 3,5 funny jokes scattered through the storyline, but its not enought to cope with therrible hollowness that is everything else. Dialogues are plain and boring with practically no real thought put in them, characters just act like they are all silly children that can only say the most obvious things. And its not like its justified in any way. The story itself tries to spice things up with plot twists and characters speaking out about their ""problems"", but it ends up playing itself which is rather sad. Ending is goofed and there is nothing you can do about it. Not a thing.5/10"
,Not Recommended,481510,31694349,Posted: 11 May,all,bdarr91,"Visually this is a great game. It looks fantastic. The music is great. I loved the mini games. The main charicter is a complete moron and most all dialouge choices were terrible. I actually hated the main charicted by the end. Entitaled, snobbish, lazy, and demandidng of her parents and friends. This is exactly the type of person a parent fears therir child will become. Hopefully this team hires a real writing team so I will buy the next game. Better luck next time."
76561198119814298,Not Recommended,481510,35435285,Posted: 2 October,all,alk3tom,Tumblr.
76561198029701251,Not Recommended,481510,32709587,Posted: 23 June,all,GastonLillo,"I'm so frustrated this game has so many good reviews i fell for it but soon realized it's just a comic book that you read with a mouse and a keyboard: walk few steps read stupid jokes for 2 minutes, then walk left a little and another 2 min of stupid jokes, then a stupid zero difficulty puzzle, a repetitive nightmare when you go to sleep aaand you do it all over again..and again...and again. I tried to get to the end but i gave up. Dialogs are muted only subtitles, music is somewhat cute but NOT the GREAT soundtrack everyone is raving about. I played Life Is Strange for 1 hour and i'm already hooked.THAT""S A COOL STORY WITH A GOOD SOUNDTRACK . This kitty thing it's just cute for an hour but gets old way fast. And i love cats!"
76561198014646203,Not Recommended,481510,30985551,Posted: 6 April,all,KielbasaMan,"During the day:Have cringy and quirky and ""Omg it's funny cause we're social awkward""  '""""""""humourous""''''''' dialogue with everyone in town and then either play some medicore rythmn game or go hangout with a friend where you get to read more dreadfully dull dialogue incase you didn't get enough while in town.At night:You have these horrible """"""""platforming"""""" segments where you're in a vastly open area and have to find 4 of these towers scattering around this map. These take about 10-15 minutes and since the cat goes at a halfass pace, going through these platforming parts are mindnumbingly boring.And that's pretty much it, rinse and repeat.While I was first reeled in by the unique art style and soundtrack and really believed that I was going to really want to get into this game, it quickly faded.I understand it's a story driven game, but when that story is uninteresting along with the characters in it with that terrible ""quirky"" driven dialogue along with a drawn out platforming session, I couldn't bare any longer and I couldn't finish this game."
76561198090726097,Not Recommended,481510,33108742,Posted: 1 July,all,Frok,"I feel like I spent half of the game running around the same levels for nothing, or looking at loading screens. I didn't like the story and found the dialogues very boring. I really struggled to reach the end of it. No fun. :("
,Not Recommended,481510,33360179,Posted: 7 July,all,bradenwolle,This game is not what I expected it to be. It is way worse than I expected. The game has a below average story and is very repetative. Throughout the whole game there is little to no music. I would NOT recommend buying it because the game can be very boring and tedious. I would only buy this game if it was free. If you really want to know what happens then I would watch a gameplay of it.
,Not Recommended,481510,34321476,Posted: 17 August,all,Saxa,"I only played half an hour of this game but from what I could see from others playing, it really doesn't seem all that great. The characters are unlikeable and the dialogue is an absolute bore to drag yourself through, besides the game being very predictable as is. It's an incredibly pretty game however. I love the art style and colours used in every scene."
,Not Recommended,481510,30678460,Posted: 22 March,all,WakorJones,"There was so much buildup and so much potential, but the game ultimately flopped in the ending. Anti-climactic and meaningless, with no solutions or changes. You could argue that ""that's the moral of the story!"" or ""that's the point!"" or ""it's a deconstruction!"" -- sure, whatever. Still disappointed me and I wish I could get a refund, because there was nothing I got out of playing the game that I couldn't have gotten out of watching a playthrough on Youtube."
76561197971738903,Not Recommended,481510,30676476,Posted: 22 March,all,TheRealCoi,"Night In The Woods is not a game. It is more like an interactive movie, where you press X to advance the story. The story is about the life of a 20 year old that walks around and talks to other 20 year olds. Eventually you get to play a mini-game for like 1 minute or so.The visuals are great, though."
76561198004006208,Not Recommended,481510,31696770,Posted: 12 May,all,GaiaHero,"Pretty Boring, as in this is a colourful turd, boring slow inane dialogue amounting to nothing but emo memories of growing up in a white trash town. Avoid the Hype."
76561198091024389,Not Recommended,481510,30507423,Posted: 14 March,all,martincerdeira,"The game isn't 100% bad... the story is good, pretty good dialogs and stuff.But I can´t recommend this one because:1- Too much dialogue. I mean, a big f****** ton of text. If you're into this kind of experiences, this is for you.2- Some parts are just tedious, like the dream sequences. And also, why can't I quit and save when during a dream? WHY?????? WHYY?????3- The mini games are pointless and sometimes annoying. I would actually skip those parts, like playing the bass, I personally hate music games like guitar hero and this game makes you play and you can't skip.The art is pretty and the writing is good too, but I don't see this like a 20USD game, it is more like a free cool browser interactive experience.I know it got a lot of dialogue choices and ramifications but, remove that variety and you could have the same experience but a lot cheaper, I won't re-play it anyway, so I won't see those ramifications."
76561198093231351,Not Recommended,481510,34491240,Posted: 25 August,all,他妈的警察,This game is so boring I couldn't finish it.
,Not Recommended,481510,30088472,Posted: 21 February,all,エズィデニアサ,"Now I wanted to give it an in depth review but ended up writing over 2 sites which won't even fit here. And I didn't even mentioned all what was worth mentioning in my eyes.-----------------------------------------------Short Version: I only can recommend that game in a sale for 7€, but the regular asking price of 20€ is way to much.I love the game, I also like bad jokes, both I wouldn't recommend as pretty good. So yeah I find this product here under the expected quality after the kick starter campaign and the two supplemental games.----------------------------------------------So now I will give you my full rambled review, I would make it smoother but I am not a big reviewer so guess there is no sense in putting to much time and effort in it. Also part of it will land in the comments because it is way to long:Night in the Woods is one of the greatest mixxed bags I've ever seen. And this is sad because I really hyped this game to no end. But unlike fallout 4 which delivered even without Bethesda bugothon, Night in the Woods looks like it was made by a student in their spare time.Now originally it was supposed to come out in fall 2015, of course it couldn't because first of it is was backed with 400% and from ground zero to a full game it takes a while. Oh wait a moment, most of the sprites where already made before the kickstarter. Actually it isn't even that hard to do them, they are simple vector shapes. The biggest thing is that is actually is using vector graphic, so the simple artstyle is legit as. But engines capable of 2D vector graphics are very rare thus they had to program one. Luckily they didn't need to program everything from scratch, just modify the unity engine to do this in a proper manner. But guess what? It doesn't take that long, especially if you work in that field for a while it becomes pretty easy to make. Yes of course polishing is important and the leaves are awesome. Probably the biggest thin to program how the leaves fly trough the air. But guess what, they already finished that development in summer 2015. That means they had the engine set up and the easy artstyle meant easy making of the character and background. So from now on this whole game was more like using rpg maker. It wasn't fallout where you needed to make the models look amazing, have some legit visual effects and that all running in real time, now that is a mammoth of a project to undertake. As a matter of fact I am a 3D Artist myself, yeah just google me. I don't want to act like I am the king of the hill but I am currently making this in my spare time while studying mediainformatic, I am planing on making a small movie which maybe will be very short too. But first it is only one person, in it's spare time, and while I need like 40hours on a singular character, for a NITW one you would only need about half an hour. 3 or 4 people, probably working full time needing about 2 years. I think you get the jist.Now another tin that bothers me is the poor quality of the graphic. Yes the design is superb and  the colors are just beautiful but there are so many low resolution sprites in it. Why even make sprites in a game where everything can be a vector graphic. Hell at least make the texts real fonts not just pictures. I have the luxury to own a 4k monitor and when you see text that would even look at HD mushy it really gets n your nerves.Now how about another thing that bothers me, it is their “voices”!. They mostly have not any. In both supplemental games they had some kind of funny noise going with the words. Not as cute as Klonoa but way better than in Okami, where it annoyed the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. Plus the text is short and sweet, because seriously don't vie me a little speech bubble and than talk like 5 minutes even while smashing the x button okay Okami??? But man they where so much better, actually in the second supplementary Lost Constellation game it was even good used if something horrible happens the voice can like, freeze. Also the letters act crazy when someone shouts. Come to think of that game was of much higher quality. And it came out in winter 2016!. Seriously! What happened here? In that game there where nearly no low resolution textures except the text, but it was high enough to look smooth with it's very smooth edges that it had. You could even throw stuff in there, pic more up. The whole story was way smoother and it was a guaranteed hour (oh wait I didn't talked about the game length).Now I needed 15 hours for my first play trough, sounds good right? Well guess what most of the time I just left it open because it found it charming or something. I also took my time with the game and just enjoyed my time. But actually you could play it in 4 hours straight. Now that might not be a bad thin if there is enough on the side. But still one game as a guaranteed 1 hour and was just made as a small supplemental game. And the main game is only 4 hours? Even 6 hours would be pretty low. Imagine all the time they had. They literately just had to write down the stuff and work some on it. They could have made a giant game actually. Well for an indie game that is. I mean seriously compare it to Dust and Elysian tail which was made by mostly one guy, had beautiful painted backgrounds and hand drawn characters. This guy needed 5 years on that game an it was way bigger, had more environments and all.So what is their excuse?And I don't even minded the mundane beginning, I found it charming just to live and prosper. But it could be longer. Even some scenes could be fleshed out, like in a car scene where they had a flat tire, they had a big argument okay, makes sense, it should show than there is some tense stuff in the air. But grues what they had a spare tire, and you found it out immediately. There was no need for that scene because it was repeated later again they could easily left that out. But I would like to flesh it out, it is a game, not a movie. You can keep such stuff in, just give it some game play value.Btw spoilers, why are you even reading a review if you want to avoid spoilers? They find an arm, and it is never explained who's arm it was. It was just yeah we found the guy who's fault it was that it was left there but except for that we found nothing out. Actually the end was rushed like crazy. I had tons of ideas to flesh that out and you probably had too. And the epilogue was crazy. In the last chapter it means like Mae is going to sacrifice her life for her friends or something but in the epilogue she acts like she is going to live like a long life not is dying in the next days.Also some more failures they made in the story. The guys mentioning they only take people who won't be missed but they take a kid who than was missed by the whole town. So yeah totally believable. But one other time noone was missing anyone. But in the end it means they can kill whoever they want. Also another big failure was that they constantly stated that there was no mobile connection. Well it is a two way failure first it is a first world country. Not having any mobile reception is very uncommon and second they had like 20 big♥♥♥♥♥antennas around the town. Just look in the background. Seriously it s hilarious dump. They even stated once that their town was to shity and unimportant to get a big telephone tower but they obviously had. It couldn't be for radio since noone owned a radio or for tv because there where no tv antennas on the roof.--the rest in the comments"
76561198272398998,Not Recommended,481510,30187354,Posted: 25 February,all,george Graphy,"I just finished the game yesterday, and I don't really care for the game. The story is not interesting enough, the gameplay is mostly walk around town. The part that is most like a game is the bass playing minigame, but there major problems with it. One is that it only happens 3 times, two is that they are all different songs, and three is that the starting buttons are not placed well, though the third reason could be fixed, but you would have to do it. Then finally we reach the characters, how are they? I don't care. Then I realized something, I have the same problem Mae has, which is thatshe feels that people are just shapes, though what I think she means is that she is not fully recognizing that someone as a person, I have a similar issue where I don't emotionally connect to people in general, causing me not to care about others. So why do I not like her since she is like me. Well it is because I am like her that I don't really care about her. So, this game made me realize a problem I have and get props for that, but other than that, I don't really care about this.EDITDidn't think of putting this here soSummary:Gameplay: 2D walking simulator broken up by minigames.Story: Mostly a slice of life, There main plotline baaarely matters.Characters: The main selling point of the game, if you don't like the characters, then the game will fall apart for you."
76561198354693167,Not Recommended,481510,30486034,Posted: 12 March,all,grumbledorkie,"incredibly fustrating platforming. If you chose to go ""do crimes"" after the second bang practice, it leads you to an area where you must jump a couple of pillars to get a key. I have been maddeningly jumping from platform to platform for an HOUR now, and I've finally come to the conclusion that I will just have to re-start the entire game to pick the other option. If the third platform was stretched out by just a few PIXELS, then maybe this area wouldn't feel so broken. I'm so sad..."
,Not Recommended,481510,30780093,Posted: 27 March,all,Uhoh,Foam adventure: The Game
,Not Recommended,481510,33922915,Posted: 31 July,all,shark justice warrior,i cant believed i payed 20 dollars to play as a useless piece of garbage when i can do that for free
,Not Recommended,481510,30380001,Posted: 7 March,all,Tirux,"First of all, I wouldn't really consider this a ""game"".You pretty much walk around and talk to people in the same places over and over each day. I have to admit I felt this ""gameplay"" was a chore after beating chapter 2. I mean if you are not going to put actual minigames*, platforming, puzzles, etc. then why even bother in walking all the time to view the plot. Just give me the story like any other visual novel. And the thing is, the story is not even worth it. I think only teenagers would consider it being ""deep"" or interesting. The writting is mediocre at best.Also, I couldn't stand the protagonist at all. Everyone else was ok except Mae, her dialogue and actions always made me cringe. She doesn't act like a 20 years old girl, she acts like an actual kid from middle school.So anyway I bought this game blindly because I was interested by the visuals and music. That's pretty much it. Took a gamble and well I regret having spent $20 bucks for this. NitW is no way a $20 dollar game. Maybe $5, at most.P.S. I didn't notice NitW doesn't have Steam Cloud, (in the year 2017, wtf), so I wasted like 2 hours because I wanted to play in another computer later on.* It only has THREE ""rockband style"" games and a ""retro-style slasher"" from Mae's laptop. That's like less than 5% of the whole game."
76561198010934381,Not Recommended,481510,30281510,Posted: 2 March,all,Scominggregor,"I understand that this game is a platform and dialogue game but what I didn't like is that for the 3 hours I played it nothing interesting in the story happens. You basically just do boring/mundane/ everyday things than any human would do. You go to the mall, fix a heater, play band practice (kind of fun) and other boring crap. I literally was just jumping around and then would talk to people only to find out were gonna go do some normal crap. This is like a life simulator for people who don't have friends to talk to and need witty dialogue to feel like they are having a conversation because they don't have real conversations in real life. The dialogue is witty and can be funny at times but overall its just boring crap that I don't care about at all. Spoiler: they find a dismembered arm . At that point I was like ok we have something interesting, a murder, but after that for like 2 1/2 hours of gameplay im just jumping around and having run-of-the-mill conversations with people. After 3 hours of doing normal things that I already do in real life, I got bored of it and gave up regardless of my fascination with what would happen to the whole murderer thing."
76561198259091953,Not Recommended,481510,31513777,Posted: 2 May,all,LookUp,Literllay the most boring small town stories put int a nice looking game. Nothing real interesting except the visuals and sharkleI love my sharkel .)
,Not Recommended,481510,30214825,Posted: 26 February,all,"Pete, King of the Detectives","Night in the Woodsis a 2D indie visual novel featuring anthropomorphized animals and a clear disregard for buzzwords such as “effort” and “craftsmanship”. In it you play as Mae, ablackcat with a thirst for violence who drops out of college and returns home in order to become a full-time NEET. Once there, she catches up with her old friends and learns that, just like her, they have no ambitions or goals in life and have instead decided to slowly rot behind a cash register at SuperMart. Thankfully their ironic attitudes prevent them from ever acknowledging the reality of their situations. Also, one of the characters is a gay bear.Night in the Woodsis cut from the same mold as so many of these Tumblr-bait games that we’ve seen recently are. You have to wonder why the developers decided that the best way to present this story was through a video game. Most of the game is spent skipping through text boxes; there is some light platforming here and there but there aren’t any fail states programmed into the game so there’s no actual skill involved. You should know by now that these games never have any gameplay in them and barely even qualify as games, so let’s move on to some more relevant topics.A common feature of these games is the illusion of choice, andNight in the Woodsis no different. It would appear to me that there are two ‘routes’ that you can take through the game depending on which friend you hang out with (I chose the Law route), but they both clearly meet up at the same spot with only a few minor differences. The character’s dialogue options are almost always two versions of the same thing (12), so as is par for the course you’re basically just there as a distant observer and not as a character in the game (hmmm, should I pick “That’s disgusting!” or “I’m gonna be sick!”). Furthering this blatant railroading are invisible walls that prevent the character from progressing at certain points. There’s literally a section where you’re supposed to talk to a bird character so he projects some sort of force field in a straight line directly above him to prevent you from jumping around on the roofs.The characters inNight in the Woodsare completely insufferable and are prone to going into 20-minute diatribes about inane♥♥♥♥♥♥that nobody should ever want to read. The main character is almost definitely on the spectrum, as despite canonically being 20 years old she acts as though she’s 14, doing ‘quirky’ things while not understanding how normal people operate. The Law protagonist rightfully calls her out on this many times, but then starts to complain about how terrible her life is and at that point I tune out because a chain-smoking alligator living under the poverty line is not a character I can relate to.The writing and overall pacing of the game is also a problem. The first four to five hours are spent doing essentially nothing, and then it is only in the last two that anything of note occurs. This first section drags on much longer than it ever should due to the sheer amount of words that are inNight in the Woods. I don’t mean to be offensive here, but it would not surprise me if the writers of this game weren't native English speakers. Sentences are more like statements and come across as the sorts of things that someone without any emotional understanding of others would say (“How are you?” “I am fine.” “How was yesterday?” “It was good.” “Would you like breakfast?” “Yes please.” “Here you go. Enjoy your breakfast.” etc). At no point did I feel a connection to any character in this game, because the game never convinced me that they were actual anthropomorphized animals with actual anthropomorphized thought and feelings. An insane amount of time (I can’t overemphasize this) is also spent telling the player things that could easily have been shown (by taking advantage of the unique medium of video games). At one point it is decided that the main character will go to three different places to look for ghosts, and that each of her three friends will go to a different place with her. This is thoroughly explained, when it could easily have been conveyed some other way. If that’s not enough, this plan is explained again later, just in case the player forgot about the thing that happened five minutes ago. At no point does the game expect the player to figure something out on their own; everything is told directly to the player through line upon line of poorly-written text.Night in the Woods’ focus on telling over showing extends to its visuals. ‘Lazy’ is the best way to describe things; there are many points in the game where it’s obvious that the devs simply didn’t care enough to make things consistent (1234). Worse still is the complete lack of variety in animations for the characters. Their faces never change, and all of their movements are constrained to whatever the tween tool could accomplish. This becomes laughably embarrassing in a scene early on where the main character becomes progressively more drunk. Despite drinking several beers she’s still fully capable of doing her Marioesque triple jump, and her run cycle is exactly the same as it is in other parts of the game. The only way you know that she’s drunk is because she says it outright. Likewise, when a character is tired rather than showing it they just tell you, and the Law protagonist always looks like she’s falling asleep.Night in the Woodsis a waste of time for all parties involved. I understand that you hate your parents and that you hate fascists and that you also hate yourself (ironically teehee), but if you can find any enjoyment in this game then you seriously need to rethink the direction in which your life is going. Indie bargain bin games like this are a diamond dozen these days, and let’s be honest – fifty years from now, are you really going to remember this game? Don’t be like Mae and her deadbeat friends; search out experiences that will enrich your life and allow you to reach that higher level of understanding. You only have one life on this Earth, don’t waste it watching a fox jerk off his gay bear friend while spouting Pizzagate lingo.Taster's score: C-"
,Not Recommended,481510,30579956,Posted: 17 March,all,Rose,"To be completely honest, i expected a bit more, i would say it was not worth the purchase at all. The game is not amazing what so ever, despite having very good reviews. I'd say this game was Undertale but much much worse, in my opinion, if u came here for good characters, Undertale is better. Story? Undertale, 3 different routes but almost endless. Length? 5.4 hours and i was done, Undertale is 6 hours per route. Undertale also has an amazing sound track and it is one of the most clever games i have ever played with theories about all the characters that can stretch on for hours. Undertale is also half the price. I'm not making any claims that Undertale is the best game, my only opinion is that Undertale is a better verison of this game and if you're here for a story driven game about teens, either read catcher in the rye, or save your money and buy Undertale, a much better game. This game does not even have anything difficult about it, there are no difficult tasks, nothing thought provoking, no puzzles, decent story, very few sidescroll-esk mission. Enough talking about Undertale, this game in general was lacking in story, it was not fun, i'd rather spend the money to watch this as a movie, but the dreams Mae was having felt like a hassle, every time i would go to sleep i would wish she did not have a dream, i was bored the entire time. This game was like playing through a very boring film, nothing in this game was optional, everything was set in stone from the moment you entered. Also, 4 people with one of them carrying a weapon as they got adventuring? I can't help but notice how much this just feels like a more detailed ""stand by me"""
,Not Recommended,481510,32330848,Posted: 10 June,all,Travis Retriever,"I got this game in the hype among the furry fandom about it. I really wish I hadn't succumbed to peer pressure this time. While the game has a certain ""charm"" to it, the art style is very lazy, pretty much every character is an unlikable, self absorbed jerk, and the economic illiteracy* in a library poetry reading made me cringe. That combined with a story that takes way too long to get going is just what killed this for me.This game was NOT worth the $20 I paid for it. If I could have gotten it on sale for $5 or less, maybe. But I would have been better off just watching a Let's Play of it on YouTube. Or, even better, telling the furries who can't get enough of this game to shut up about it. All said as a guy who loved Undertale enough to put over 50 hours into it.*People who make apps for smart-phones and being rich because of it does NOT impoverish you! And government keeping housing prices sky high and devaluing the currency is NOT a reason for even MORE government! In short, can't recommend."
76561198001588454,Not Recommended,481510,30103582,Posted: 22 February,all,Atomoton,"This is the most boring game I've ever played. I love these types of interesting story heavy indie games, but there is no story here. I don't understand why people like this game, and I really regret buying it.Bad game, bad writing, boring characters.Edit:I should add: it just feels really empty. I enjoyed the demon tower minigame more than the actual game.In response to people saying I would enjoy it more if I talked to the characters:I promise you I did that. I would click those little conversation bubbles until there was no more conversation possible. Every time. It's a compulsion for me.I just like it when there is some sort of payoff for doing so. Something like gaining knowledge about the characters that will play into your decisions later.An example: I, the player, remembered that Bea works at the Ol' Pickaxe. But Mae doesn't remember, and I have to go see Gregg first, just so he can tell me to go to the Ol' Pickaxe. What is the point of that time consuming interaction. Let me go into the Ol' Pickaxe first if I remember. Have some dialog that Bae says, something like ""wow I can't believe you remembered"" or something.This game is about the illusion of choice, not actual choice. Which I find boring. I would rather read this game as a novel, at least then I could bang it out in 20 minutes, which is the actual length of the story/dialog."
,Not Recommended,481510,30560428,Posted: 16 March,all,JESSEverything,"I'd rather draw mustaches on C-list celebrities in a 3 year old copy of People magazine while waiting in the lobby of my dentists office than play this game.I have no idea why this game is so popular.  You can't even call it a game, it's more like a visual story.  There is no action.  There is no gameplay.  You play for almost 3 hours before anything happens.  The story does not suck you in.  You never have the feeling like ""I must know what happens next"".  I just don't get it.  You might as well watch JackSepticEye play it because at least he does the voices for you to make it mildy more intersting.  Actually, no.  Even watching him play it was annoying.  You don't need to play it yourself to experience the game.  Like I said before, it's not a game, it's a visual story (a really boring one).https://youtu.be/d3wJJwAhl8o"
,Not Recommended,481510,35026986,Posted: 17 September,all,i am baby boy 2.0,bea is stuped she is ugly too also she smokes and smoking is bad for you what the heck what are we teaching our children
76561198061408720,Not Recommended,481510,30112015,Posted: 22 February,all,Miss Distress,"The game is attractive with the artistic style. .. but the stimulation pretty much dwindles off there...No voice acting, its a scripted dialog you press C throughout the entire game to read. The content is very mild (mild like thinking drinking and stealing from a hot topic is 'fun!' they aren't serial killers they are kids making mistakes, typical pre-teen thought patterns) as though it is intended for the age range 10-16 pre-adulthood to observe and maybe learn a lesson? There are curse words, drinking and and other social normals exist but it is still oriented for pre-teens, It's not a happy story, but that's only an American Disney generation that perhaps thinks things should be happy to be a kids story....still for kids.It's overall  good working game, because it functions without bugs or latency issues. It is a very mild bedtime story. If you have children that have issues sleeping. I recommend this game before bed..made me sleepy everytime I played it.If you're an adult in any sense of the word, it would be like you're shopping at a Toys'R' us for video games....it's for children. Pretty game, but it's for kids...Does not require any physical super prowess to organize the simplistic baby style method of grabbing things in game with the characters hand. A four year old can literally play this game.I don't recommend it for adults looking for a thriller, dectective, puzzle story,I do recomend it for adolescence, let them play something that will put them to sleep without hyper activity. If you enjoy My Little Pony or anything made by Tim Burton, this feels like the cliff tossed child of a mix between that....It will no doubt appeal to people who like to identify as animals... lol you know who I mean.I'm giving it a thumbs down because the advertising didn't deliver what I expected, which was jumping puzzles and detective type story solving/discovery. Was very very slow and not a mental challenge."
76561198120365698,Not Recommended,481510,31205650,Posted: 17 April,all,Rim job master,"Are you expecting a good story with great puzzles? Too bad, this is furry garbage. ""Hurr duur Greg rulez"" No, kys.♥♥♥♥♥♥characters♥♥♥♥♥♥dialogue♥♥♥♥♥♥ puzzlesThank god for steam refunds."
76561198347030742,Not Recommended,481510,30862424,Posted: 31 March,all,chavezjanet11,DONT BUY IT WILL NOT WORK FOR ME MOUSE WOULD NOT WORK KEYBOARD WOULD NOT WORK GIVE ME A COMMET IF YOU KNOW HOW TO FIX IT THEN IF IT WORKS I WILL CHANG THIS REVIEW BUT IF NOT I KEEP IT THIS WAY
,Not Recommended,481510,30288381,Posted: 2 March,all,fallenangelmarie7,"This game ended up super buggy and glitchy on my laptop.  I can't even get to the options menu or read the words, because everything is either blank, dark, or jumping in and out of the screen.  What gives??? I paid $20 for this!?!?!?"
76561198202620704,Not Recommended,481510,30382807,Posted: 7 March,all,Bitch McConnel,This game is soooooooooooo boring. It is heavily based on dialouge but there is no voice actors so it just feels empty. Most of the dialouge in the game is empty too and doesn't bring a whole lot into the game other than some dry humor. As far as I got the story was not too interesting. And I was forced to stop playing because I experienced a game breaking glitch where my screen would turn black and not continue. I don't know why anyone in their right mind would enjoy this game. It blows my mind. Hours of pure boredom I can't imagine any end would be worth the torment of playing this game.
76561198104319695,Not Recommended,481510,34852897,Posted: 9 September,all,Basement Lord,"Hey remember when games like this that had ""deeper meanings"" and ""character"" were good? Yeah me neither."
76561198078858050,Not Recommended,481510,30652556,Posted: 21 March,all,Rooster,"Not fun,"
76561198079967186,Not Recommended,481510,30251154,Posted: 28 February,all,RipDickRyan,stuck on title screen.... other then that fun game when its not broken
,Not Recommended,481510,33109588,Posted: 1 July,all,:awkward:: :awkward:: :awkward:,"Literally never play this game. You can get 100% of the story and the experience out of watching someone play it, without having to suffer through the♥♥♥♥♥♥tier minigames and garbage exploration (that does literally nothing). Just watch JackSepticEye play it (with the audio muted of course) (NO REALLY mute his audio for your own good, like, before the video even starts) to get Greggs path, then find some other garbage Lets Player for the other paths.SUMMARY:Don't buy, watch. This is a 9/10 movie with 1/10 gameplay."
,Not Recommended,481510,30089985,Posted: 21 February,all,King Megascience,"Urgh. I really thought this wouldn't be another hipster-trash bullsh*t game.I haven't played a game where the main character was so obnoxiously uninteresting. All her commentary on the world is the most dry, emotionless, generic thing you could say - as though Mae is describing her emotions using descriptive text rather than actually feeling any of them.Her journal is an unabashed, shameless waste of time. I hated having to press the Escape key to see the pause menu, because I would get a brief glimpse of the expanse of nothingness that is Mae's small mind. No real person would write the vapid, soulless things she does. Unless there are other people drawing pictures of their own dad and writing 'he seems older' next to them. Man, it's almost as if the passage of time happened in the 10 years since you saw him last.The entire half hour I played was a competition between the characters to bother me the most. All of them are stereotypes of stereotypes, drawn out to the most two-dimensional of degrees.Gregg won, by the way. F*ck you, Gregg.The gameplay is intensely annoying. For example - the first part of the game requires you to do a simple jumping puzzle, but it doesn't tell you the game mechanics. How am I supposed to know that jumping three times in succession makes you do a big jump? I only figured that out by spamming keys.Here's another - I found a notice board indicating that someone in town had gone missing, no doubt something Mae would comment on in between being shunned by her disgusting former friends and describing mediocre reasons for the invisible walls around town. So I go over to the board, grab the paper, and I can't do sh*t with it except move it to another part of the board. What? I was never told the mechanics for this, so I don't know if there's some 'obtain stuff' key that I haven't heard about.What about those invisible walls? prepare to be stopped by such insurmountable obstacles as: Three sticks with tape on them! Three boxes! A man doing roadworks in the middle of the road that you inexplicably cannot go around, despite walking on the sidewalk!I've covered less than half of the things that p*ssed (really Steam? this is not a swear word) me off about this game, and it's only been 27 minutes according to Steam. At least I'm eligible for the refund.F*cking Christ, Gregg. Stop waving your hands around.EDIT: Apparently the game tells you about the jumping thing. I sure as hell didn't see it. Maybe it was one of those things you click 'C' on that I stopped reading because most of them were just Mae making inane observations about vending machines and sticks."
,Not Recommended,481510,31038514,Posted: 9 April,all,44444444444444,"Where are trading cards?I won't change my review until they'll add trading cards.Game is fine, you should buy it."
76561198087295880,Not Recommended,481510,30130354,Posted: 23 February,all,Pegler,"Although I have not played musch of this game, from what i have played it is incredibly boring and i don't feel the want to keep going in the game, so i have requested a refund, I would not reccomend, unless you enjoy games made up of hitting square and reading"
76561197975524911,Not Recommended,481510,30363942,Posted: 6 March,all,eggnog,"I tried it, put about 3 hours into it, then refunded it.  I should have known I wouldn't like it when one of the reviewers listed ""gay furries"" as a positive aspect.  So yeah, if you like ""gay furries"" I guess here's the game for you.  As for me, there are plenty of other games out there with better writing, better gameplay, and less SJW-friendly themed characters that I can stomach, and don't feel like setting fire to them while they are still alive."
,Not Recommended,481510,30089099,Posted: 21 February,all,FUnFUn,"Literally nothing happened so far. Boring.Edit: After 80% through the game, something actually happened! The pacing is totally off, seriously.Edit 2: Game done, in the end nothing happend after all. This whole game is the equivalent of tofu without anything else to actually give it a taste."
,Recommended,481510,30600652,Posted: 18 March,all,ZLAYA KISKA,"I love this game!Beautiful music,funny Dialogues and great characters.Mae is my favorite.Gregg rules ok"
76561198190493790,Recommended,481510,30611826,Posted: 19 March,all,Elscara,This game is super great and relatable ♡♡ I love this game so much I'd definitely reccomend this game ♡
76561198135621280,Recommended,481510,30604854,Posted: 18 March,all,An Oshawott,"Overall, I would say this was a fun game. I really liked the art style and the story.However, at a $20 price mark, I wish it was a little bit longer, I felt it ended too soon. I may be wrong though, I may have missed a few scenes here and there.Also I failed miserably at the guitar hero bits XD"
,Recommended,481510,30613599,Posted: 19 March,all, EGD St4lk3r ,"This game is REALLY good i recommed anyone to play this even if you dont like exploring games, narrative games or platformers this game is very good for all type of gamers. the story is AMAZING amd the charachters are great i loved gregg and mae the most (mostly cuz i liked there humor} the charachters are very relateable."
,Recommended,481510,30621277,Posted: 19 March,all,Mr.Smurph,"This is one of the best games ever played. The story is really amazing, BUT don't rush through it, that's what I did and I felt like I couldn't play it again because I don't want to replay the story."
,Recommended,481510,30621467,Posted: 19 March,all,NatersTheGamer,"I very much have been enjoying this game! I haven't finished it yet, but I have absolutely no complaints! Here's my gameplay of it!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pa4Y03cmrbk"
,Recommended,481510,30585763,Posted: 18 March,all,Cammy (Lexi's Princess),"Night In The Woods is around a 7 hour long experience with a story arching around themes like depression, loneliness and melancholy. Depending on the person you are you can like different characters, you may like the silly and fun loving Gregg (Gregg rulz ok) or the edgy depressed Bea who surprisingly was my favourite after the story went by, or maybe angus who is rather reserved and tech smart. The story was rather confusing at times but thoroughly enjoyable for what it was, although I think that the ending was a bit too abrupt and kind of left me standing there thinking ""That's it?"" but some will probably still find it's a great game."
,Recommended,481510,30603573,Posted: 18 March,all,Sunkaaaaaaaaan,Good Game.
76561198033138407,Recommended,481510,30595676,Posted: 18 March,all,space_totems,Perfect blend of cute and creepy. I enjoy the writing in this game so much. The characters feel alive and complex.
76561198048903383,Recommended,481510,30586077,Posted: 18 March,all,renewal010,"This game is a rollercoaster riding across a terrain of millenial anxiety adorned with adorable fuzzy animals. This game goes from depressing, to existential, to surreal and definitely was not what I was expecting (in a good way!). The narrative style is reminds me of the old text-based games way back when, or the Phoenix Wright series with more environmental interaction."
,Recommended,481510,30596593,Posted: 18 March,all,sunny_muffinz,"I can safely say that it's good. Not sure, that I can explain why but it's good nontheless."
,Recommended,481510,30599499,Posted: 18 March,all,quietdouble,"Great game, lots of replay value to it"
,Recommended,481510,30601687,Posted: 18 March,all,Neonz,"awesome game, got a good story nice music, funny and depressing but its a great game"
76561198198720783,Recommended,481510,30604915,Posted: 18 March,all,spacee.bearr,"This game is amazing, even though it's kinda short (6-8 hours probably) It's still worth what I paid for, I could not stop playing it and finished it in about 2 days. The story is super interesting, the writing is creative and hilarious, the music and art style is beautiful, and the characters are all lovable and unique. I want to play it over and over."
76561198058281604,Recommended,481510,30604795,Posted: 18 March,all,CrackParrot,"A nice trip, hard to review without spoiling anything."
,Recommended,481510,30605450,Posted: 18 March,all,Minato,"an amazing game, i loved everything about it. i could not recomend anything better."
,Recommended,481510,30606330,Posted: 18 March,all,Squidward Watermelon,"Like comfy games with amazing story, and a 10/10 sound track?  youll love this.Relatable characters, writing keeps you always wanting to see whats coming the next day.Character development was so good it put me in an existential crisis.... in a good way."
76561198141843747,Recommended,481510,30581146,Posted: 17 March,all,Nova,"Jesus, this made me think. Never have I been so changed by playing a video game in my life. This game really hit me emotionally. All of the main cast are going through something that I can definitely empathize with.I don't even know what to write right now. Just play this game."
76561198062989471,Recommended,481510,30630844,Posted: 20 March,all,zxyns,"Wonderful storytelling ,striking visuals and amazing soundtrack. Resonating with something in me ,highly reccomend !"
,Recommended,481510,30623640,Posted: 19 March,all,BDar,"With such a Unique art style, great writing, and great soundtrack, I can easily say that this game has cemented itself as one of the best indie games of the year"
,Recommended,481510,30644141,Posted: 20 March,all,xXDelilah-RoyalWolfXx,"I love the game very much, it remined me so much of myself and what I go through in life. Though I wish you were able to have the option to be able to save more than one file."
,Recommended,481510,30621260,Posted: 19 March,all,TimeglitchD,"holy crackers my friends, i'm here to tell you why you should play this game (do note i only played it once, so i am not able to include every amazing detail):1. eeeeeeeels2. you know those long light bulbs they got in some offices? u get to smash them. hard.3. spoopy4. poems that make u question life5. you dream about dead musicians a lot6. you get to talk to your parents (finally)7. no school, no job. just you, your friends and murder. the good life.8. you can make your friends mad at you for saying super dumb things which is super accurate i suppose9. you can go to church (you needed it. i know.)10. cool backgrounds, graphics and colors. also a lot of questioning life and crying.there's my watchmojo top 10 things in night in the woodsenjoy"
,Recommended,481510,30627680,Posted: 19 March,all,WHAT,"characters so well written, lots to discover.Soundtrack is beautiful, an unforgettable time playing the game10/10 Gregg rulz ok"
,Recommended,481510,30628338,Posted: 19 March,all,maley,"Night in the Woods Review!I had never heard of this game until PSX 2016 (it's on PS4 and Steam) when I stumbled upon their booth and watched for about 15 minutes as someone else played.  I was drawn in by the dialogue of the game and the graphics.  I got to talk to one of the devs of the game for about 15 minutes, I can't remember who it was but they were able to tell me a lot about the game, like the fact that it was on Kickstarter and some info about the dev process which was pretty cool.  Now to the game itself.First play through was a little over 8 hours I think but the gameplay encourages multiple play throughs, more on that later.It's a 2d sidescrolling game where you play a character who has returned to their home town which is very similar to what you'd expect in lots of different rust belt cities that have fallen from their former glory.The game functions on a day cycle where you spend each day doing various activities and various people.  Depending on who you hang out with could impact different scenes you see.  There are lots of little secrets in the town for you to find so investigating the town is worth it.The dialogue with the characters is fantastic.  Most of these people have issues.  Depression and anxiety are large themes in the game.I'd replay it right now if I didn't have an endless list of games this year to play including Persona 5 coming out shortly.The game was a great play, I think it's definitly worth checking out."
76561198124873524,Recommended,481510,30628049,Posted: 19 March,all,EdgyBirdBoy,Could this MaeBea be a good game?Yes it is.Oh yah and super gay!10/10
,Recommended,481510,30629784,Posted: 19 March,all,Galaxey,"I played the entire game. And it was amazing! The story is great, I obsolutly loved the characters in this game."
,Recommended,481510,30628669,Posted: 19 March,all,weird man,"Probably one of my favorite games of all time. The dialogue, characters, mini games, music, and art style are all amazing. I do wish that after you were finished playing you could go back to certain chapters, but overall an amazing game."
,Recommended,481510,30628845,Posted: 19 March,all,kaiscarfo,"This, for me, is already game of the year.I was pulled in by the trailer a few months prior to release, and eagerly awaited the game launch. The game design, mechanics, characters, and overall theme/aesthetic was extremely interesting to me. The title hinted at a dark and disturbing game, while the trailer and pre-release gameplay was cute, sarcastic, and playful.As I went through the game, I kept waiting for things to turn dark. And waiting, and waiting. Although there were a couple spooky/forboding elements, the game lulls you into a false sense of security and fun. You almost forget what the game was originally marketed as. Don't get me wrong, I still found it extremely enjoyable and funny, but I wondered if the game was mis-marketed.It wasn't.Right when you've /almost/ forgotten about the dark element, it smacks you full in the face. I was so wowed by this game's perfect timing. This alone bumped it up to a 10/10 for me. It absolutely achieved everything a horror/spooky game could want to achieve. The atmosphere, color palette, music, dialogue. Everything came together perfectly and delivered an absolutely terrifying and wonderful climax of the game. The conclusion drew together wonderfully and left me asking myself ""Did that really happen?"" in a good way.The soundtrack is also beautiful and well put together. I need more from this studio! If you love yourself, or even if you don't, buy this game."
76561197984527147,Recommended,481510,30628814,Posted: 19 March,all,El Chucko,"Adorable, twee fun. Not super long but fantastic soundtrack, cute graphics, a bit tongue-in-cheek and self-aware."
,Recommended,481510,30628841,Posted: 19 March,all,H6Havok,Small town mysteries are the best town mysteries.
76561198091327945,Recommended,481510,30641962,Posted: 20 March,all,Sombra,night in the woods is a short game but it make you want to play it again beacues of the lovable characters and the beautiful art style
76561197965089145,Recommended,481510,30641269,Posted: 20 March,all,Mnemonic,A very sweet and sincere game with lovable characters. It covers a wide range of the emotional spectrum accompanied with a great soundtrack and dense atmosphere.My first playthrough took me about 15 hours and I really hope that Infinite Fall will come back with a sequel or additional content.I didn't regret a single cent I spent on it.Don't miss out on it!
76561198010205418,Recommended,481510,30634576,Posted: 20 March,all,Dodger,"Have not yet finished the game yet but I'm sure by the time that I do this will be one of my all-time favourite game experiences.  The story, music and characters touch me in a way I cannot describe."
76561198373541553,Recommended,481510,30635004,Posted: 20 March,all,ngkhaiping06,"All I can say is... This game resembles the life of growing up and it's tedious struggles, kinda reminds me of someone like... me. Honestly, I would recommend playing it before getting spoiled, just go play it."
76561198119675681,Recommended,481510,30643351,Posted: 20 March,all,ScottishWizardEmily,"One of the best games i've ever played, great story and amazing visuals."
,Recommended,481510,30323381,Posted: 4 March,all,Pumpkin,The Freaks and Geeks of videogames.
,Recommended,481510,30462741,Posted: 11 March,all,ants in my eyes johnson,9/10 can't give it a 10 for one simple reason....Garbo and Malloy....
,Recommended,481510,30460613,Posted: 11 March,all,Ctrl+Alt+MEME,"I came for the story, but left questioning my existence."
,Recommended,481510,30459168,Posted: 11 March,all,The Retired Soldier Scout,"If you are in an existential crisis, buy this game.If you are not in an existential crisis, buy this game.""Gregg Rulz OK"""
,Recommended,481510,30457043,Posted: 11 March,all,gnomes,"It's basically a cross between a platformer and an interactive visual novel, and yet it's easily my favorite game of 2017.Also, even though there are SO MANY AMAZING CHARACTERS, the best character issharkle(obviously)."
76561198162782180,Recommended,481510,30713450,Posted: 24 March,all,JudgeMayor,I think this game might be ♥♥♥♥ed up. In a good way.
,Recommended,481510,30714747,Posted: 24 March,all,annjuliel,"Amazing game! like seriously, great story plot, the art is simple yet so pretty! this is really a game to remember. there is many deep subject and secret that makes you want to discover them all. definetly going to replay it."
76561198005221932,Recommended,481510,30713720,Posted: 24 March,all,Turbo Killer,10/10 gregg rulz ok
,Recommended,481510,30715137,Posted: 24 March,all,aldieporter,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. The artstyle is cool, the story is cool, the characters feel like they could be real people, it's just hard to describe how amazing this game is. I give this game a 10/10."
76561198041407283,Recommended,481510,30718772,Posted: 24 March,all,Inkshade,"This game hits close to home. Why? I dunno. It might have something to do with the cat who doesn't know what to do with her life, the crocodile who tries so hard to get somewhere, but can't seem to do it, or the feeling of aimlessness that kind of makes you wonder why, though the story is linear. I'd recommend this game to anyone who'd enjoy a good book series and knows that ache in their heart that comes after the end as well.Because, at the end of everything, you've gotta hold onto anything."
,Recommended,481510,30439791,Posted: 10 March,all,Angery,"Demontower was one of the best indie title i've plaied this year. Although it's only March, I feel it can power through to the end of the year. You have to go through some story bulIshit to reach the actual game, but once you actually do, it pays off. 10/10 would recommend."
76561197969423041,Recommended,481510,30444242,Posted: 11 March,all,Fractusman,"Holy crap. I won't write an entire breakdown of things, but this game was something special. The storytelling is on another level - the dialogue flows natural enough that I would assume they simply hired a stenographer to copy actual people. It goes to places I didn't expect, and the main character expressed an experience that I would never in my wildest dreams have thought to hear from someone else. This game touched me in a meaningful way.10/10"
,Recommended,481510,30447302,Posted: 11 March,all,Avacyn_Wolf,"A great game that challenges you to make decisions that affect the game. The feels alone make the story of this game great. But stay for the hilarious little one liners and conversations you have. This game requires mulitiple play throughs as your decisions are limitless on this. And the soundtrack is amazing. I highly recommend this to anyone that likes puzzles, story driven games, and adorable graphics."
76561198147988406,Recommended,481510,30440490,Posted: 10 March,all,SirMcSucksalot,"I didn't know Mae was a girl until, like, halfway through."
,Recommended,481510,30435009,Posted: 10 March,all,Soda Scarf,This game is super fun and interesting.  The art style is amazing as well.  The narrative is calming and enjoyable.  Completely recommend!
,Recommended,481510,30435011,Posted: 10 March,all,♊ Stackablecups,"this game saved my life, watered my crops, cleared my debt, and gifted me a brand new stylish wardrobe for absolutely no charge"
,Recommended,481510,30435308,Posted: 10 March,all,Mikeleido,This game was longer than I expected- in a good way.  Night in the Woods has taken me through huge mental adventure of which I found hard to seperate myself from. This is one of only few games I EVER played that kept me completely aroused  through the whole game (get your minds out the gutter- refering to being mentally stimulated.) For 2D graphics it was top knotch with scenery and characters- lovely art style. The story is huge and  I'm pretty sure had alot more depth. Character development and growth was exponentially the greatest aspect of this game. The only Con about this game was trying to learn controls took me a few minutes just to find the settings and how to even enter it the fastest solution- use a controller.
76561198039845453,Recommended,481510,30439321,Posted: 10 March,all,uJard,I adore everything about this game.
76561198006170468,Recommended,481510,30440970,Posted: 10 March,all,relica03,"Very good story, many ways to play it, and a story that will require you to play through tiwce, 2 paws up on this one"
,Recommended,481510,30437134,Posted: 10 March,all,Puppy,"Games pretty good. Musics great. Characters are all wonderful. The story is well-written. If you like story based games, this game will keep ya busy for a good 8 hours.One of the few games where the main character is my favorite out of the entire cast."
,Recommended,481510,30440570,Posted: 10 March,all,Bubba,i honest to god don't know what it is about this game but it's something that got me attached to it. the narrative and the art style are both really incredible and the simple game mechanics just make it work. i think i can call it one of my new favorite games.
76561198033108104,Recommended,481510,30440443,Posted: 10 March,all,speaksoapcube,good!
,Recommended,481510,30438345,Posted: 10 March,all,Colonel Sanders,"I spent a long time looking through the reviews trying to decide if it was worth the money or not, and I'm so glad I got it. I'm the kind of person who likes to talk to all the npc's in an rpg (if they have interestsing things to say so not games like skyrim) and that's pretty much 90% of what this game is. You go around each in-game day and talk to everyone and see what they have to say. That might sound boring, but this is seriously the best character design I've seen in a game.  I'd compare it to undertale. I think undertale was better in terms of overall story and easter eggs and humor, but this game's characters and dialog are so much better, and that's really saying something."
,Recommended,481510,30435402,Posted: 10 March,all,egguardian,"""I believe in a universe that doesn't care, and people who do""This game is so perfect. The characters are all unique, relatable, and adorable, and I grew so attatched to them all (esp Angus, god bless Angus). The dialogue is so authentic, it really reminds me of real conversations I have with my friends. This game does a great job in giving characters deep, defined personalities, consistent beliefs and attitudes, and realistic relationships. I love how it feels like your choices matter, and how what you choose to say really affects your relationships with your friends and family.The characters and dialogue were my favorite part of the game, but it is also so aesthetically wonderful? The visual art and animation is so smooth and adorable, and the music perfectly sets the mood of the scenes, not to mention that it's super catchy. Exploring the town jumping around on phone wires and finding random♥♥♥♥♥♥and quirky characters is so entertaining, as are the adorable little minigames sprinkled throughout the game. The story is weird. But I really enjoyed it, I felt both completely satisfied and completely unsatisfied at the end. I don't have good words for it.Anyway, I feel like this game perfectly encapsulates my personality?? tbh idk how to write reviews, please just try this game. it's worth it. This game will make you so happy and so sad at the same time."
76561198051546625,Recommended,481510,30436779,Posted: 10 March,all,the crap flinging flasher,this game is soo amaezing its a greg game any way this game turned my life around its the best game ive played and as i play more and more ifeel accepted in this amazing world
,Recommended,481510,30528691,Posted: 15 March,all,Sploshy,"good game for good times.if you plan on picking it up, I recommend you try and explore as much as you can, as the game has a lot more content going on in the background of the larger story."
,Recommended,481510,30533199,Posted: 15 March,all,Zozo,Cat Game is very enjoyable. Engaging story and characters. I want to hug them all.
76561198324558224,Recommended,481510,30532996,Posted: 15 March,all,SimpleLoaf,The only game I've ever played that has made me both laugh out loud and cry. 10\10
,Recommended,481510,30300986,Posted: 3 March,all,Power-Mad,"It was fun. Interactive story tied together with light platforming to give you an element of exploration. The world is really detailed so exploring is fun. There's quite a bit of interaction to put it above some other story driven games like the kind Telltale makes, but don't expect any kind of challenge or anything to actively impede your progress.The overall running plot about what spooky thing is in the woods won't really wow anyone and feels kinda tacked on, but the characters are so great I don't even care. I'd say 90% of the game is just exploring the characters and hanging out with them. Near the end however, they do have to resolve the thing in the woods and it does hijack the story for a good hour taking away most of what I loved in the game during that time. One epilogue after that and you're left a little sad you didn't just get one more day to hang out with the characters, but I suppose I would feel that way no matter how it ended.Would highly recommend if you want a story based game with down to earth relatable characters and a nice slice of life message of growing up and moving on. Just don't expect the dark mystery to do much for you folk looking for that kinda thing.One last note: Sound design in this game is 10/10. It's not just a few great tracks, it is a soundtrack full of over a hundred tracks all of consistantly good quality for every moment and sound effects to fill the streets with life but balanced to not be crazily overwhelming. Everything has a noise and it brings the world to life."
76561198192612134,Recommended,481510,30516376,Posted: 14 March,all,Kasma,very relatableand im obsessed with bea
,Recommended,481510,30518506,Posted: 14 March,all,Zod357,I never thought I would be this emotionally invested in a anthropomorphic cat and her friends.
,Recommended,481510,30519475,Posted: 14 March,all,nyoom,"Absolutley fantastic. Easily one of the best games I've played in months.The game is 95% story and 5% platforming and minigames. Personally I didn't care for the minigames because I wasn't very good at them, but even though I failed every single one, the game didn't stop and I didn't miss any perfect ending because I screwed up the bass solo on a song at band practice. The platforming is alright, though. It's mostly for exploration, there are very very *very* few spots where platforming is compulsory in any way, but I'd encourage everyone to really explore. I would have missed out on an entire pretty damn good character arc if I didn't decide to jump and climb my way to a rooftop. There are also quite a few scenes you don't get if you don't talk to everyone every day, and while that can sound or feel like a chore, it's really worth it because you feel like you're actually building relationships with the characters.Just remember that Mae isn't you, you may be able to influence her decisions and dialogue at points, but she is very much her own character and will take the lead in the story plenty of times. Your choices do matter, however, as most days you have to choose whether you want to go with one friend or another and you get entirely different scenes. Your relationships with the characters you don't pick don't exactly suffer, but they don't grow either. I'll be playing this one a few times to find all the secrets and see all the different scenes, because there's plenty to see.The story was, for me, extremely relatable since I live in the sort of small town it takes place in. I also have close friends that the characters in the game are extremely reminiscent of. It made me really think about the world around me in a new way. At some point in the game, it dawned on me that I'd have to either stay in the town i know and watch it change into something different, something that wou;dn't be my town anymore, or leave and miss the hell out of home. It depressed me for a while, but the game also gave me hope. Whatever happens, things have to work out in the end. Nothing gold can stay, people grow up and move on, and things change, but that doesn't have to be a bad thing.Of course, not everyone will feel as strongly as I did about the story, but that said, I would highly recommend it to anyone and everyone. If you're thinking about buying it, you really can't go wrong."
,Recommended,481510,30518874,Posted: 14 March,all,VirgoGoGirl,I f***ing love this game and it will stay in my heart forever
76561198163867133,Recommended,481510,30512794,Posted: 14 March,all,ghost-texts,"I felt like the devs made this game for me specifically, which is an amazing feeling.  I really related to Mae, both in a good way and in the bad. I think a lot of people will feel the same way too.Play the game if:-you enjoy story centric games-enjoy reading. Seriously there is a TON of things to look at and read about.-you're looking for well rounded characters that struggle with realistic issues (mental disorders, relationships, and religion)-love a chill soundtrack (super unique and well thought out)-don't mind that it is more of a interactive story than a game (mostly fun mini games and minor platforming)-enjoy easy platforming that puts huge emphasis on the groovy art styleDon't play the game if:-you are looking for a horror game (It's very spooky and surreal but never overt horror. Think Lovecraft in regards to the tone as far as the horror element goes.)-you have difficulty with waiting for a plot to ""take off"".  The story comes to a climax very very slowly, and it's very enjoyable if you have the patience for it. Totally not everyone's cup of tea, and thats ok.-you dislike story's that do not have clear cut endings.  There are a lot of things IMPLIED about certian plot details, but the story is not necessarily ressolved, which does fit the narrative and theme of the game.  I'm just warning you incase these kind of open ended finales bother you.-you have trouble getting into a game when the setting is very seasonal.  This game takes place in late fall into early winter, so I can understand that it might not feel as atmospheric if you're playing it in the spring.Seriously, I loved this game and it's characters. I cried a lot. I felt like this game made me think a lot about my life and my relationships with people, which is a very cool thing for a game to accomplish. I'm going to replay it a couple times I can already tell. If you're not sure you like this kind of story based game, wait until fall for a sale.  If I had any negative critique about the game, I wish that they released it in October."
,Recommended,481510,30514943,Posted: 14 March,all,Palzur,"It's one of those games that are like this weird experience you go through in life sometimes, talks a lot about personal issues a lot of young people today have, has a creepy+cute charm and a beautiful sense of humor and excitement."
76561198042403156,Recommended,481510,30517804,Posted: 14 March,all,ManicGaming,"This game was absolutely amazing!  Great storyline, wasnt a challenging game and there werent many stages you could actually fail, but the storyline was great."
,Recommended,481510,30517960,Posted: 14 March,all,Bone-Chan,so ♥♥♥♥ng goood
,Recommended,481510,30519988,Posted: 14 March,all,MasterMizuro,"This game is primarly is for story but it does such a fine job of expressing it's want for a realistic relatable story, colorful cast and beautiful visials. I'd give this game 10/10. This game delivered on it's goals."
76561197999881494,Recommended,481510,30520488,Posted: 14 March,all,Foxon Spoopyfur,"It has loveable characters, a great story, lovely visuals, and each day is structured well in a repetitive pattern that leaves you wanting to continue the next day.My only real complaint is not being able to see what the other options are without another playthrough (Gregg VS Bea choices) andthe nightmares between days felt too drawn out. They are necessary to the plot, but running around finding the 4 musicians is very tedious at times.I put this on the same scale of quality game as I would Undertale, but not quite as high. I give it an Undertale-1/10 (So about an 8 or 9).Play this game. I almost didn't, and I would have regretted it."
,Recommended,481510,30536151,Posted: 15 March,all,erinthios,"An absolutely wonderful character-driven playable story, it's easy to get immersed into this slice of Mae's life. Even incidental characters feel to me like actual people instead of simply ""characters"" (or worse, ""props""). Life in Possum Springs is complicated, as it is anywhere, and nobody has all the answers (or indeed necessarily any answers). Sometimes despite your best intentions, you screw up and make people mad at you. Or maybe they're just mad at themselves. But that's okay, life still goes on. Part of being friends or family is being able to forgive and standing by each other, no matter what happens. Without each other, we have nothing....There's plenty of people to interact with and various activities to engage in, some of which involve simple minigames or platforming. And then there's the dungeon-crawler ""Flash game"" on Mae's laptop, a game-within-a-game to play which is pretty fun (and can be a bit challenging).As someone who loves a good story, this was absolutely worth the price of admission. And the animation and the way all sorts of emotions are conveyed is wonderful. I wasn't completely in love with the art style up front from screenshots, but it's beautiful to see in motion from Mae's somewhat noodly limbs when jumping to the way her mouth scrunches up when she's upset.The only real complaint I have (and it's minor) is that sometimes when talking to someone you'll be presented with an option to do something with them (which will take the rest of the evening, dropping you at home when it's over) and there won't necessarily be a ""maybe later"" option. Sometimes there is, which is nice, but other times it's a choice between turning them down flat or going with them immediately. Obviously it may be less of an issue on subsequent playthroughs, but it's something to note if you're like me and want to be sociable (as much as people want to talk to Mae given any sort of history they have with her)."
,Recommended,481510,30536855,Posted: 15 March,all,Dr.Kreiger,"One of the few games I've played that truly makes me feel for the characters. The animation is beautiful, the music and sound is on point, and the writing is probably the best I've seen in any form of media. Ever. It invokes a sense of dread, peacefulness, nostalgia, and a sort of hopeful unease that makes you want to keep playing.The characters are relateable, the story is interesting, and the game itself is beautiful. This is going in my Games for the Ages category.Only possible concern would be the learning curve for the controls, but you eventually learn, and the lack of hard tutorials helps to keep the immersion.Would highly recommend, well worth the price."
,Recommended,481510,30536644,Posted: 15 March,all,Damuel,"This game was absolutely wonderful. It has some incredibly fantastic writing that anyone with a sense of sarcasm can appreciate. It has gorgeous art design that reminds me a bit of gravity falls, and I could easily see this type of art style being used in a full cartoon on TV. And the soundtrack, the soundtrack is just beautiful, and it's a CRIME that we can't buy it (yet).If you can appreciate a game for its story over gameplay this is a must buy, I think the characters are more smartly written than quite a few other story heavy games (Life is Strange for example) and the game can hit home VERY easily with how real it feels at times. I think anyone around the age of 20-30 will greatly appreciate the cast and find at least one person they can relate with. Every character basically can fit into the category of ""I was this person, or I knew this person"". The game is masterful at giving you feels when you get into a fight.It's still early in the year but this could easily could be my pick for GOTY. I can only genuinely think of 3 complaints I have (at least that I felt on my first playthrough).1. The dream sequences can be annoying. The platforming isn't difficult, and while the music is great, I don't find them genuinely interesting enough for how long they take with the backtracking.2. The ending is perhaps a little too open. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the ending, even the semi-cliche twist towards the end, but I would have liked to see a bit more revealed before credits rolled.3. I would have liked to do everything on the first playthrough. I get that the game wanted me to make some choices, but after seeing my friend show me some clips of the game I really wish I had gotten to experience the same stuff as him. You're not able to do every minigame/interaction. I'm sure I'll replay the game to see more, but even just as an epilogue it would have been nice to have full access.Despite these fairly minor issues, I'd 100% reccomend the game to anyone who feels even slightly interested. And I'd also reccomend the 2 free companion games to go along with."
,Recommended,481510,30536527,Posted: 15 March,all,Mekyro,"This game is a complete experience with tons of polish. The characters make it stand out to great degree, and there's replay value too. It's more than worth your money and time. I would reccomend it to anyone."
76561198063412639,Recommended,481510,30451755,Posted: 11 March,all,trainedninja,"Alright, I rarely leave reviews, so bear with me here.I loved this game from start. The artwork is amazing and really suits the atmosphere and the story. The music is just as good and fits just as well. And I think my gasp could be heard a mile from here when I realized the leaves falling during autumn had their own physics, and they ruffled around you when you ran through them. An incredibly fun detail!And the characters in this game... Holy f, they are so realistic. They all have their own personalities, their own positive and negative quirks, and you can hang out with a few of them and learn more of the struggles they go through. Their details are absolutely incredible, and I looked forward to talking to them every in-game day.What I am, however, a bit hesitant about is the story that eventually unraveled. I will not spoil anything, but there was a rather sharp twist in the end that I really didn't see coming. The other characters (it almost feels wrong to call them npcs when they are this detailed) are with you until the end, and I actually think I would have prefered the story to only be about them. Don't get me wrong, the story is also very detailed and interesting, but I personally would love to play this game as a friendship and relationship simulation, simply because I loved the characters so much and just want to see their lives and relationships develop. ... Maybe that isn't normal.But anyway! Definitely a great game from start to finish, and even though I was very thorough while playing it I've missed atleast 15 achievements that I have no idea how to get. So there seems to be some replay value if that's your thing, even though I don't think you can change the story with your actions. So buy this for some really interesting story, some incredible graphics and music, and some npcs that truly feel like actual people!"
76561198259931555,Recommended,481510,30494004,Posted: 13 March,all,azucena_peraza,"the game has a great design, soundtrack, and characters. It left me always wanting to  play it when I took breaks. the artwork was beautiful and the characters were each their own. The story was paced and had me wondering what was going to happen next and I was completely surpirised by the ending."
76561197984005331,Recommended,481510,30725052,Posted: 25 March,all,Meursault,A wonderful world and story. Crimes? Crimes!
,Recommended,481510,30717618,Posted: 24 March,all,jkings,"So, there's a lot to love about this game, but overall, the characters are it's biggest strength. It has a decent plot, that will get you engaged, but the real meat of the game is interacting with the characters around town. The characters in this game are so real and believable that it's almost impossible not to recognize aspects of yourself or people you know in them.The game itself is very slow paced, and involves exploring a town and basically interacting with everything and everyone in it. It's not very ""fun,"" per se, but it's not completely boring, and like I said, the real meat of the game is in the dialogue.Overall, it's a great narrative with great characters and a lot of heart. Definitely worth the $20.Gregg rulez, ok."
,Recommended,481510,30715661,Posted: 24 March,all,creakish,"I enjoyed this game, it had a lot of fun moments and interesting dialogue. After a little bit of playtime there is some freedom granted to you where you can interact with whatever you want, and that's very interesting.  The music in this was amazing, there was rarely a scence without fantastic music to enjoy. Other then that, the characters were very intriguing, but 'open-ended.' I enjoyed where this game's plot was going, but ended adruptly leaving many questions hastily answered with philosophical nonsense. I wish this game had more of those incredible creepy moments, which I enjoyed the most, but much of the game is just wandering around interacting in meaningless dialogue, which is supposed to be witty but just ends up being immature. I had fun with this game, and I'd play it again, but there's better story driven games.In conclusion, this game had many great situations and scenes but left you hanging in the end."
76561198080012710,Recommended,481510,30720157,Posted: 24 March,all,ToochBocklin,"It reminds me of Fantastic Mr. fox, and other Wes Anderson movies. I loved it."
,Recommended,481510,30718615,Posted: 24 March,all,ABZU,This is the best game ever buy it now.
,Recommended,481510,30729504,Posted: 25 March,all,Qxzy cs.money,Amazing game with great story!Cons -Boring at firstPros -Amazing art styleStory gets betterGood soundtrackAmazing ending
76561198111094515,Recommended,481510,30722590,Posted: 25 March,all,KingClams,This game has helped me a lot in multiple ways.I don't think I'll ever feel more emotionally invested in any other game.
,Recommended,481510,30722706,Posted: 25 March,all,Epidemic,"this game was a master pice in it own way,vthe characters are all adorable, the design is beautifull, however this game is ONLY dialouge if youre looking for a button smashing adventure this is not a game for you, this game is DEEP and has so much going on please try this game it will make you think."
,Recommended,481510,30741743,Posted: 25 March,all,Ness,"Very strange and artistic game. As someone who doesn't usually get super involved in a games story and usually skips dialogue, this game has character that talk like real people. It's not funneled in plot development, there is a clearly shown development of ideas in the characters talking themselves. Something entirely unimaginable probably to most devs. 8/10 at least for this game it was awesome"
76561197960472300,Recommended,481510,30741595,Posted: 25 March,all,Snollyghoster,"I grew up in a Rust Belt community and this story pierces me with how closely it reflects the truth of that experience. It has a lot to say about labor and dignity. It can give something to a player who's trying to make it to the end of a day. The dialogue of the characters sounds ""real"" - I swear I've met versions of the cast of NITW in real life. The game is a joy to look at and the soundtrack is incredible.This is a rare game that takes a real-life setting or an issue and has something meaningful to say about it."
,Recommended,481510,30739561,Posted: 25 March,all,OhSweetBacon,Was surprised by how goods it is ! Very interesting stories.
,Recommended,481510,30738038,Posted: 25 March,all,Asriel Dreemur,"Don't let the design fool you, that is the first thing I will say before you play this. It's NOT some kind of kids game. Honestly I was being fooled for a bit by the design until the dialouge came in. The characters are well written and such, I love this game sincerely."
,Recommended,481510,30742102,Posted: 25 March,all,SuperAstronaut,"Pros:-Amazing Story-Great Dialogue-Great pacing-Interesting well rounded characters-Fun exploration-Beutiful style and performance-fun mini game sections-Good player choice in the story (endings require you to make certain choices along the story)-Great replayability (lots of different dialogue trees and levels that can only be reached with a minimum of two playthroughs)Cons:-Story takes a while to get back to the mystery-Remapping the controls was harder than I would've liked-When Replaying the game it is annoying there is no way of speeding up or skipping dialogue-Platforming does its job (helping the player navigate the town) but is disappointingly not used to a greater extent-achievements don't give you a clue as to what you need to do to get themConclusion:Overall an amazing story game that unlike ""walking simulators"" as some call them actually puts fun and entertaining gameplay which is paced very well throughout the narrative. Lots of secrets. Do not expect much out of the platforming. It is fine but is not the focus so do not expect mmuch from it. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,481510,30742877,Posted: 25 March,all,Erk,Naglfar is a boat made out of the fingernails and toenails of the dead.
76561198074072644,Recommended,481510,30741274,Posted: 25 March,all,lommux,"I don't even usually post reviews but, like this game was amazing and very charming!You'll fall in love with the characters and the narrative, ten out of ten, would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,481510,30740926,Posted: 25 March,all,Spooky Glitch,"This has been one of the best games I think I have played in the past decade. By far. And thats coming from someone who only plays video games for a life. GG Night in the Woods, would recommend!"
76561198058281613,Recommended,481510,30732241,Posted: 25 March,all,ChoppyRaptor,"If you like games with good writing, here's a great example. Because there really aren't that many. Visuals and music are great too."
76561198111941907,Recommended,481510,30546546,Posted: 16 March,all,vicki.zou,"More of a visual novel. A bit slow at times, but rewarding and will stay with you long afterward."
,Recommended,481510,30548351,Posted: 16 March,all,\m/,Don't think.  Just play this game.
,Recommended,481510,30544922,Posted: 16 March,all,Misha,"I can't say much about this game that hasn't been said by other reviews. This game gets you very involved in the story, and I highly recommend it. Amazing world to explore, and you can easily relate to and actually care for the main characters. Definitely worth the price of $20, even more so if it's on sale."
76561198131489816,Recommended,481510,30543849,Posted: 16 March,all,Airbruh.,Best Quality: His wiggles
,Recommended,481510,30537757,Posted: 16 March,all,TheCombatFox,"I torrented this game THEN bought it because it is just that good! The devs deserve it. This game brought me back, to when I was all the way to a few month a go, and even current times. The characters remind me of all my friends, and I really needed that. I 100% recommend this game to everyone."
76561198055208369,Recommended,481510,30559978,Posted: 16 March,all,Zoomander,Gregg Rulz Ok?
,Recommended,481510,30540027,Posted: 16 March,all,KennethImagine,"As a 18 years old (gonna turn 19 this year), transition from a teenager to an adult is pretty brutal. When I was young, I was thinking that being an adult is cool. We can watch 18+ movies, buy and drink alcohol publicly, and more what adult can do. But when we become adults, we realize that adulthood is painful, sad and boring. Bill, marriage and a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥must be faced in this life phase. Then pretending as a kid like Mae is solution? Nah, you grew up and not ready to face ♥♥♥♥♥. Everything suck forever, right?After a while, the place will change. Like restaurant went bankrupt. You may know what happened to your old place. Or not at all. Nowadays, we have Internet and it is very easy to use. But the Internet can destroy the old stuff like cassette, floppy disk, MP3 and more. Then we realize the old stuffs always good. I remember I play multiplayer game on PS1 with friends. I remember I went to arcade everyday. Now, those are memories. World always change and makes us hard to adapt with new stuffs. Nostalgia. Yes, nostalgia.Talk about the friendship. After high school, everyone has their own path. Me? Currently, a Form 6 (or Pra-Uni) student. Meanwhile, some of my friends have jobs. Some of them are studying in college. Studying is boring and makes you think about your friends like... ""Are you doing well nowadays?"". But no one may answer your question, even we have Internet. After 2 years, you don't know what happened to them.Like Bea's life was changed after her mom's deathFriendship is valuable until you become an adult.Religion, I remember I had a thought the God is fake. Like we finish doing a good deed, will we get a payback? Possible not. Some criminal did some bad things like selling drugs. They enjoy doing it. And the God didn't do something on them. I was like it is unfair. Is religion some kind of joke?! After playing this game, I realized the existence of religion is making people doing good thing. Chance is on our hand. We control our fates. Not God. Life is totally unfair. If you don't have confidence.Life suck. Until becoming an adult... This game has the strong points. I almost cry at every part of game cuz it is strongly related. But its target audience is 90s born people who are continuing study or having a job. For me, if you are born in 90s, this is must buy. Don't cracked it. Or you will feel guilty. I wish you enjoy this game, thinking about your life and doing something for your life.I rate this game 10/10-Beautiful background-Lovely characters-Charming soundtracks-Related story-Mini-game, Mini-game-Gregg Rulz okThank you Infinite Fall. Fall always the best season.BTW, enjoy it before the game get tumor."
,Recommended,481510,30562618,Posted: 16 March,all,ArkayuhFox,The story and different dialogues between characters felt realistic.
76561198356413106,Recommended,481510,30541375,Posted: 16 March,all,sahar1dstar,SUCH A GREAT GAME I REALY LIKE IT
,Recommended,481510,30541257,Posted: 16 March,all,Nioxed,this is one of those games that you need to just sit down for in a empty room and play.
76561198141767068,Recommended,481510,30560741,Posted: 16 March,all,spooky mulder,played it through 3 times in 2 weeks and loved every minute. excited for patch so the rest of the trophies can be unlocked
,Recommended,481510,30562369,Posted: 16 March,all,fat pos,I don't write reviews.  This game made me want to though.
,Recommended,481510,30567883,Posted: 17 March,all,jn.rbk,hell yeaaaah
76561197979301457,Recommended,481510,30569001,Posted: 17 March,all,Enich,"This is the kind of game that you can't talk too much about without ruining the experience.If you like games with all the feels (yes, *all* of them), give NITW a shot."
76561198078514813,Recommended,481510,30578328,Posted: 17 March,all,Willow_cat,"I just.... wow. I am so glad I bought this.I know that some people might have found it a bit boring, but for me, it wasn't.The plot kept me hungry for more of it just long enough for the actual dramatic stuff to happen- and this added just so much to the game for me, because it made it feel real in the beginning, so when the intense things started to happen it felt like it was things happening in real life. The story already had me sucked up when it happened.I got so deep into it mentally, that when my father came home and asked me if anything had happened today, the first thoughts that went through my head were things that recently had happened in the game.The story of the game was amazing. Very intresting, just flowing with mystery and things I wanted to know more about.The atmosphere is amazing, and the music reflects it perfectly. The characters all have some backstory and I could relate to all of them a lot.This is my new favorite game.If you are very impatient, and need lots of action fast, I wouldn't recommend this game- But for everyone else, go for it! I wouldn't call myself a very patient person, but there still wasn't a second of the game where I regretted buying it."
76561198000878199,Recommended,481510,30567624,Posted: 17 March,all,Calebadger,"I'm in love with this game, and any one looking for a good story driven experience should check it out. The art design is wonderful. The writing and characters are wonderful. But I have run into one big problem that I feel warrants critique. The animation is lacking. And by lacking, I mean its practically non existent at times. Epsecially times when it is very much needed and obvious. Which, not every game needs highly involved animation, but this game is so heavily focused on delivering good writing, (which it does.) and the animation does not keep in pace. Several times now, there have been these moments in the story where the characters are saying these very real, dramatic, and impactful things, and then I look at the screen outside the text bubble.... and all we see are animals with deadpan faces. Reactionless. Empty. Totally lifeless. The static art on screen does not at all mimic the dynamic text. And the result is awkward. It really takes away from the experience. Which is a shame because the writing is great. and the art design is great: its really moody with color theory that gives emotion to each scene. And from a graphic point of view, the artist(s) so brilliantly usesses minimalism. But even still, I often find myself needing to imagine how i wish the scene looked instead of how it actually does because of how lifeless the animation can be. Granted, its a lot to ask of an indie game to add animation. (its a team of 3 people??) But even a small library of facial expressions could have gone a long way. Hopefully in the future as you guys make more games youll put the animation higher on the priority list? At least, with a game so centered on character driven story telling, it really needs it. still worth a purchase and play through."
,Recommended,481510,30573274,Posted: 17 March,all,Addi the space bun,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlOKOAUX65w
,Recommended,481510,30577120,Posted: 17 March,all,☆Rare Bear★,"this game makes you rethink some of your actions in real life , if you come to the same thinking like me , don't think about what could happen , just roll with that what you have , alsoI want to have my own Gregg"
76561198085784996,Recommended,481510,30576807,Posted: 17 March,all,RobertSmall,"The characters are lovable and charming, and also feel very real. I was able to relate to Mae in the first 5 minutes of the game and I can't reccomend this enough! :)"
76561198131238686,Recommended,481510,30581980,Posted: 17 March,all,Whohaugh,This game is really really good.  One problem tho.  I will become the next deep fandom.  All the clues point to it. Buy it before it spoils.
76561198260102543,Recommended,481510,30662567,Posted: 21 March,all,ice cold glass of jews,IF I COULD GIVE THIS GAME 5 STARS I WOULD THIS IS AN AMAZING GAME WITH AWESOME ARTSTLYE AND AWSOME CHARACHTERS AND JUST A GREAT FEEL (lemme correct that 10 muddatrukin stars)
,Recommended,481510,30663953,Posted: 21 March,all,Raven,"Fluffy animals having an existential crisis in a 2d platformer with horror elements (withgreatwriting). Whats not to like?Was hooked from the start, definitely worth the full price."
76561198101871358,Recommended,481510,30664181,Posted: 21 March,all,osadogfox,Very lovely! Characters were great and I love them all. The games messages will stay with me <3 Highly recommend.
76561198341338891,Recommended,481510,30675306,Posted: 22 March,all,Edgy_Strike,"When I saw the trailer I immediately fell in love with the games style, but did not really know what I was getting into (it was one of those spontaneous purchases). Am I glad for doing that? Hell yeah!!! It was lovely to look at, the story was good, the characters relatable and the music is gorgeous. It is a game I won't mind playing again... and again... and again ;P"
76561198052325399,Recommended,481510,30549449,Posted: 16 March,all,flonflon29,"Took me around 14 hours to  finish NITW. Really Enjoyed it. Lovely Graphics, Music and Characters, Funny and well written dialogue, Fun mini games ( Demon Tower ! ), Poetic and Melancholic ( ahh autumn ).I felt the gameplay (getting up, talking to your Mum, exploring the city,... ) was a bit too repetitive towards the end but i guess it's part of Mae Story who also feel that way.The story goes in a completely different direction after a while and i didn't really like those twist and turn. but once i finished the game, it didn't matter. Mae and Friends are all Memorable Characters, make a credible/likeable band of friends and capture what growing up can feel like sometimes.Behind those minimalist graphics and cute anthropomorhic animals lies some sadness and melancholy ( reminds me of Bojack Horseman TV show in many aspects...Back in the 90's i was in a very famous tv showww...Bojack...)I Recommend this game... and also Bojack Horseman on Netflix.Miaow!"
,Recommended,481510,30678436,Posted: 22 March,all,keirajasmin,"This is the best game I have played sinceUndertale!The story is amazing, the graphics are beautiful, and the music is so pretty! I wish I could afford the soundtrack (someday, someday...)It's pretty lineal but there's a ton of cool secrets to get and scribble down and there's some pretty awesome events you wouldn't otherwise see without exploring and talking! This has to be my favorite game of 2017, hands down.N I G H T M A R E  E Y E S"
76561198199220210,Recommended,481510,30678393,Posted: 22 March,all,Elijah,Awesome!!!
76561198322580131,Recommended,481510,30676397,Posted: 22 March,all,flink15,A slice of life game with some interesting happenings. I have played this game cumulatively for 18 hours and still haven't found everything.
,Recommended,481510,30678022,Posted: 22 March,all,Glitch,i have never related more to a video game character.great story.lovable characters.beautifully brought to life.trash mammals. <3get this game.
76561198176045034,Recommended,481510,30672581,Posted: 22 March,all,Kirito,AWSOME game i absolutly loved it th soundtrach is great the visuals are also great everything about this game is greatHightly recommend it i had so much fun playing it
76561198074804244,Recommended,481510,30687437,Posted: 23 March,all,Øbserver,A terrific game with an emotional rollercoaster of a story. I really wish there were more games on steam like this.
76561198140245532,Recommended,481510,30679715,Posted: 22 March,all,Jodariel's Wife,Gregg Rulz Ok
,Recommended,481510,30683418,Posted: 23 March,all,Samshi,"Night in the woods is a really good game. The first ~30 minutes were slow, but after that I just keep wanting to play. Not sure if I'm happy that it lets you end the game (without knowing) even if you didn't finish certain things, (telescope etc) so you can play it again, or mad because so many lose ties were left. Oh well guess I got to play it again.dont let tumblr ruin this also."
76561198102288634,Recommended,481510,30682384,Posted: 23 March,all,danyongreymoon,"The skeptics who think that games are not an artform clearly have not played this game. Art is created to portray beauty and emotional power, this game does that flawlessly."
,Recommended,481510,30707264,Posted: 24 March,all,entoxicated mac-n-cheese,"Night in the Woods is a really nice and atmospheric point-and-click-ish, character focused AND relatable adventure game. The music feels nice, alot of character development, the animation feels very fluid and every day you go do stuff like:""K, why not"" and so on and so on. It also gets very spoopy at a certain point but not like:"" Ow shie u shjust got jumpscawed! XDDDDDD."" nah, in a different way, you'll see. Now i know what you're saying:"" Geez 20$ for a point-and click? m-mh na-ah, that ain't gon' ge' in MA library anytime soon."" Well, yeah you're right buuuu..♥♥♥♥♥♥i actually don't have a reason tbh...just goddamn buy it and see if you like it or not! I liked it...alot of other people liked it too...(It was the same situation with undertale but look how that turned out)"
,Recommended,481510,30710254,Posted: 24 March,all,PrincessDorkLord,"When I first saw this game I was unsure and honestly had no intention of playing it. I began watching Jacksepticeye play it and after the first episode, I decided to buy the game myself.This game is amazing. Fantastic dialogue, great animation, amazing soundtrack. I adored every second of this game. I plan on playing through every channel you can take. Just play this game. You will have fun"
76561198271721944,Recommended,481510,30711239,Posted: 24 March,all,galaxywolf87,I LOVE THIS
76561198118816530,Recommended,481510,30708898,Posted: 24 March,all,TabbyRage,"""I engineered an elegant long-term solution!"">second goes by>everything falls to the floor.""...Goddamnit.""10/10 best game"
,Recommended,481510,30627432,Posted: 19 March,all,Bart,"Life is Strange meets Undertale, but without time manipulation and they're all animals, and it tackles issues that actually matter and you can relate to.This game was a doozy. I didn't even care about the mystery, I just fell in love with these characters. I've never seen characters so real and relateable, even if they're goddamn animals. It focuses heavily on these characters and fleshes them out enough to make like a 10 foot subway sandwhich. The climax was fine, but the epilouge made me feel like everything would work out in the end, like there's still hope."
76561198185049681,Recommended,481510,30618999,Posted: 19 March,all,maxm1213,"I have so much to say about this amazing game, I could talk about it all day. The story was amazing, the characters are great and you get attatched to them, the art style is very cool and unique and the music is pretty awesome. There's so much more good things about Night in the Woods but you need to play it for yourself and you'll see why i loved this gamel."
,Recommended,481510,30627538,Posted: 19 March,all,zhaofeng,An absolute gem.
76561198073322191,Recommended,481510,30623867,Posted: 19 March,all,Filthy Magic,"Holy.♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game was a goddamn experiance. It takes about 10 hours to play through if you actively look for the additional dialogue and secrets and I loved every goddamn minute. The art is beautiful, the writing is fantastic, I love the music, some parts are very powerful and has some decent platforming and minigames as well. Hard reccomend."
,Recommended,481510,30661480,Posted: 21 March,all,Raptor_Demon,"really enjoyed this game, the main story has a great storyline and it really sucks you into in.there is some replaability as some of the choices you make change some of the direction of the story.my first playthru took about 8hrs."
76561198104336419,Recommended,481510,30660810,Posted: 21 March,all,Exgvg,"If your wondering if you should play this and your looking to reviews for answers, than HELL YEA YOU SHOULD PLAY THIS!!! I mean holy crap this game is so beautifuly built and its characters have so much personality and there is so much story and so much to do you could play for hours and hours and hours!Yea, this game is pretty fantasticGregg rulez ok?"
76561198131064696,Recommended,481510,30659139,Posted: 21 March,all,Bbomb1000,"Amazing game that was pretty deep and touching, absolute perfection and now one of my all time favorite games. I dont even think I can describe how much I love this game in words."
,Recommended,481510,30659377,Posted: 21 March,all,E-Scorts | hellcase.com,I can already see the fanart this game has comin' for it.
,Recommended,481510,30658042,Posted: 21 March,all,👻 Morsebid 👻,"Truly one of the most charming and well written games I've ever played, Night in the woods is much more than just a ""Walking Sim"" adventure. If you enjoy story based games, this is an absolute must-buy. Even if you don't, give it a watch for 30 minutes, maybe it'll win you over. My favorite game I've played this year so far."
,Recommended,481510,30667745,Posted: 22 March,all,☆Nick,Shapes and colors makes the world
76561198118929044,Recommended,481510,30793931,Posted: 28 March,all,EdwardDB∅,Enough to make anyone cry.
,Recommended,481510,30824788,Posted: 29 March,all,Damo,Strange but good
,Recommended,481510,30728282,Posted: 25 March,all,Timo★,"Comfy, cute and thought provoking little sidescrolling story game with minigames. It handles many topics that a lot of people have struggled with or are currently struggling with, making it very relatable. (mental health, adulthood, being lost or stuck in life, and more) Helps that the writing feels very sincere and is on point in general.It's not all about being depressing though. There's other stuff to pace it out.Don't recommend binging through this one, running around the town gets very repetitive and it's nice to have time to think about the different scenes.It can be kind of difficult to see at a glance what is a platform you can land on and what isn't, which is annoying sometimes, but I think in the case of NITW the aesthetics are more important. The level of immersion and engagement would suffer from obvious visual clues and additional button prompts, etc.Edit:Second playthrough is recommended, even if you found a lot of the optional stuff on your first time (which is unlikely) just doing the different events is fresh enough. You also get new perspectives on characters."
,Recommended,481510,30811742,Posted: 29 March,all,Io Kusanagi,"I have never had this much fun jumping up and down on telephone wires and falling 2-5 stories down, only to do it all over again.10/10 would jump again.Also Gregg rulz, ok?"
,Recommended,481510,30822939,Posted: 29 March,all,Casefy,"Ridiculously good. I was not expecting to be so affected by a game, honestly. This game literally hits my soul or something. I'm obsessed."
,Recommended,481510,30823818,Posted: 29 March,all,SPACEMAN SAM,Thia game is amazingly beautiful and intelligent and emotional and i love it
,Recommended,481510,30827290,Posted: 29 March,all,𝔖𝔭𝔬𝔬𝔎,Beautiful game.
,Recommended,481510,30822613,Posted: 29 March,all,Skeleninja,"Great Story, Well-written characters and amazing music. The story gets really good toward the end but I won't spoil anything. Go on and play it!"
,Recommended,481510,30822790,Posted: 29 March,all,Filthy Feline,"Don't read any reviews. Play the game blindly and interact with the characters whenever possible for the best experience. Don't rush.Well worth the money, gave me quite a few hours worth of gameplay (with much more, since as of writing this I haven't even unlocked HALF)."
76561198189660981,Recommended,481510,30822270,Posted: 29 March,all,crimson_insomniac,"Well... I was not expecting that.I first watched this game be played by Jacksepticeye, and fell in love with all of the characters, especially Bea, because of how much I related to her. Jack tended to hang out with Gregg more when he had the chance, so in my personal playthrough, I tended to favor Bea a little bit more, and to me, it seemed like a whole new game.Yes, the main asspects were the same, but different issues were touched on, whole new scenes were unvailed, and most of the choices I made really seemed to matter. Even though I've now seen this game played through and played it through myself, I may just go through one more time to get all of the achiviments, but that's only if I have the free time.I 100% recommened this game to anyone who wants to play through a game that feels like home."
76561198193124341,Recommended,481510,30398396,Posted: 8 March,all,DanielDarkus137,"This was a Great Game! But be warned, it will at some points scare you, and make you intrigued to what will happened if you did something different."
,Recommended,481510,30404142,Posted: 8 March,all,Canama,"This is actually a really hard game to write about.It's got some of the most human characters in any game I've ever played - people with interests and beliefs and dreams and fears. You may well find one character who's too close to you for comfort, who holds up a mirror to your own personality; I have never related more closely to any character in gaming than Mae Borowski. Even if not, you definitely know someone similar to the characters in the game.It's got one of the most well-realized settings in a game - it changes day-by-day in ways both big and small. It's not a massive open world, but it's got a level of believability to it that very few games match. The town is a character unto itself.It's unafraid of saying capital-T Things about those characters and that world (and the real-world people and environments they reflect), which is something too many games are afraid to do.I would, someday, like to dissect this game in more detail. But I don't think I can today.Play it."
76561198159297785,Recommended,481510,30409146,Posted: 9 March,all,Avery,"This game is what happens when someone has a really grounded indy movie, and instead of letting the Oscars acadamy swoon over it, they decide it'll work better and mean more as a game.  And they chose wisely.Gameplay is pretty limited, but it seems deliberate.  It's slow and simple when it shoud be, and frantic and panicking when that's what the situation is.  It actually seems to intentionally discourage replaying, but I think it needed to.  My choices were my choices, and it would rot the experience to know what exactly they all meant. It's not going to be everyone's cup of tea, but I'm glad I played it."
,Recommended,481510,30403892,Posted: 8 March,all,FΔZZ,To say this game is beautiful in every way is an understatement.
,Recommended,481510,30402199,Posted: 8 March,all,End,GREGG RULZ OK
,Recommended,481510,30398794,Posted: 8 March,all,French Toast With Boobies,"Fantastic game, only wish the full soundtrack was available (including dream sequences)."
76561198046542197,Recommended,481510,30421145,Posted: 9 March,all,SpookyEzra,"This game DESTROYED me in the absolute best possible way. I don't want to go into too much depth although I could, but come for the beautiful art style and promising mysterious story, and stay for the heart wrenching character development, philosophical musings, twists, gorgeous music, and that climax. Dang, I don't think I'll forget how I felt playing the last few hours of this (on par with Undertale). Do yourself a favor and play this."
76561198051338775,Recommended,481510,30421436,Posted: 9 March,all,Salaav Onitrex,"This is one of those gorgeous and magical gaming experiences that's worth taking the time to explore.  It was beautiful in the art and animation, the music, and especially in the writing.  The characters have their own defining characteristics, but aren't locked into stereotrypical representations of those things.  They feel fully fleshed out, and there's lots for you to learn about them during your interactions.  I've played it once, and I need to play it again to see how things pan out with different characters."
76561197969379991,Recommended,481510,30433836,Posted: 10 March,all,Grandmaster of Pwn,Thanks to the devs for making a great game that reminds me of my college days.
76561198111506879,Recommended,481510,30432948,Posted: 10 March,all,MailmanS0S,Proximity counts.
,Recommended,481510,30422752,Posted: 10 March,all,TheCarpetKing,It's extremely chill to play. have yet to come far but liking it a lot
76561198087910637,Recommended,481510,30422056,Posted: 10 March,all,ConsoleScrub,Wasn't sure what to spend my money on but money well spent
76561198052817223,Recommended,481510,30427768,Posted: 10 March,all,Shekaki,Been waiting for a game to fill the hole in my heart Undertale left.
76561198287036501,Recommended,481510,30778111,Posted: 27 March,all,TheAmazing3,Just.Play.The.Damm.Game.
76561198041175804,Recommended,481510,30789645,Posted: 28 March,all,Let's Get Hyena,Crimes!
76561198064273945,Recommended,481510,30786000,Posted: 27 March,all,Geck0Gunner,"To start, I avoided looking or listening to people talk about this game for a long time for no reason, I was just blind from stress of my school life at the moment. Well now I regret not looking into this sooner. It actually relates to my age range and deals with really important topics such as mental illness, becoming an adult, and best friends. I suffer from severe depression, severe anxiety, and a general disconnection to a lot of things and the main character does as well. I will always be in a dark place, but certain games and movies pull me back into reality and bring up emotions that I don't always have access to. This is one of those games. And yes this all sounds cliche, but I say this with 100% sincerity, this game has changed my life. It has given me a more positive outlook on my life and my future. And since my completion of this game, whenever I feel down or have a hard time understanding something or someone, I think back to this game and it helps me get through my day. Now I'll actually talk about the game. All of the characters are amazing, in part to the fact that they feel like real people. The soundtrack is astounding and is currently available for purchase on Steam and the composer's Bandcamp. The art and style of the entire game is spectacular. It also has high replay value due to it having multiple routes and hidden stuff. If you are still unsure about the game, you should check out some let's plays on youtube and may I suggest you watch ""Commander Holly and Ross"" (the two are a part of Game Grumps) playthrough of the game. You should watch a little bit, then play the game yourself, and then watch their entire playthrough.To conclude, this is a Masterpiece and will probably be the 2017 game of year for me.“At the end of everything, hold on to anything.”"
,Recommended,481510,30785119,Posted: 27 March,all,Mr. Forthington,This game made me feel different E M O T I O N S .
,Recommended,481510,30790252,Posted: 28 March,all,Phoenix,"I went in blind to this one, completely threw £15 in the hope it wouldn't disappoint.It didn't disappoint. The characters were surprisingly relatable and boy oh boy does it escalate at lightning speed.Can't say much else 'cus well, it's a bit spoiliery to go too far but it's brilliant."
76561198096103217,Recommended,481510,30792406,Posted: 28 March,all,nioo,I just finished it and while i dont have much to say i need to say something. This is a wonderful game and i absolutely love it.  it is a very nice feel good game but it also has quite an interesting story that i will say nothing else about to avoid spoiling anything. Very nice job to the person or people who made it.
,Recommended,481510,30784139,Posted: 27 March,all,Blinx_4eva,I deeply empathize with the adorable ♥♥♥♥up of a woman/cat.Being represented in my video game protagonists is a nice feeling. 10/10
,Recommended,481510,30783596,Posted: 27 March,all,[YT]GoGo_DaSilva,"Amazing game, i reccomend this game to EVERYONE!"
,Recommended,481510,30783837,Posted: 27 March,all,BanannaMoon,"This game is exactly I want in games today: A story-based game with little puzzles, conversations, and minigames sprinkled throughout to keep the experience fresh and make you excited to get up every morning. It's also beautiful and has some of the most consistently good music I've ever heard in a game since Undertale.In short, just like Undertale, it's a solid 9 out of 10 niche game that more people should experience."
,Recommended,481510,30783277,Posted: 27 March,all,Commissar Varren,"This game is just amazing but there is no way i can really describe it without spoiling.Although I do wish there was a Practice or arcade mode for minigames youve played before, so you dont have to go through the game just to play it again."
,Recommended,481510,30804632,Posted: 28 March,all,AustiePie123,BEST GAME EVER WORTH THE $20 I CAN'T WAIT FOR ANOTHER GAME BY THE COMPANY. THE ENDING LEFT A HOLE IN ME.
,Recommended,481510,30796872,Posted: 28 March,all,clingy,"The game felt slow at start, but I guess that's how the developers want it to be - to indulge more on the character's backstory while also not forgetting the main storyline. If you love listening to slices of life, reading biographies and appreciating music lyrics, then this game is definitely for you."
76561198283499895,Recommended,481510,30803827,Posted: 28 March,all,Kman,I had alot of fun with this game!
76561198014897267,Recommended,481510,30803034,Posted: 28 March,all,tarnblade,"So far loving this game.Interesting story and cool soundtrack.Admitedly Im not far in yet, but def becoming a fast favourite.Some of the puzzel elements are not initialy obvious but this only adds to the charm.Oh and playing the game within a game on Mae's laptop is actually very challenging."
76561198063802651,Recommended,481510,30752528,Posted: 26 March,all,Mel Tea,"NITW has the most interesting and believable characters I have ever encountered in a game. The dialogues are fantastic and very well written. I am actually surprised how even the best games sometimes have amazingly shallow characters and it was so refreshing to be able to identify so strongly with Mae and her friends. I love how the art style makes you think that this game is going to be cute and fun, but not necessarily interesting. And how much this contrasts the actual depth and tragedy this story about a hopeless little town actually has.NITW  is the only game I ever played that made me feel ♥♥♥♥♥♥ after a fight with my Mum. Or made me feel guilty about getting completely wrecked at a party and not paying enough attention to the life of my best friend. Loved it."
76561198025160094,Recommended,481510,30754910,Posted: 26 March,all,Daniel.,Beutiful. great OST. Great writing. Totally amazing and worth monies.
,Recommended,481510,30761200,Posted: 26 March,all,thefatalst,11/10 would do crimes again
76561198160621744,Recommended,481510,30761141,Posted: 26 March,all,Senuri,"Gregg rulez, ok?Great characters, great dialouge, great music. 10/10Gonna be the next Undertale, so get it before Tumblr does."
76561197968188600,Recommended,481510,30762616,Posted: 26 March,all,Outrider,Prepare to get attached to all of the characters.
,Recommended,481510,30742448,Posted: 25 March,all,kat038,"Really really awesome game!Pros:-Amazing, well-written characters (Gregg rulz ok)-Decent mystery; fantastic character backgrounds/plots-The art style is great! The journal art was especially great.-The mini-games! They really helped break up what could have been a monotonous walking sim-type game.-Pretty funny at times, but like also hella deep?-The atmosphere and setting are fantastically developed-Way more emotionalthan the cute artwork would lead you to believe-Pretty long for a game of this type, and really great replay value (I've heard-- I've only played it once so far, and played through relatively quickly-- most people seem to spend ~11 hours on their first playthrough, but you could play again and have a pretty different experience)Cons:-It's $20, which is kind of expensive. Still a pretty reasonable price, I bought it full price and don't regret the purchase.-To me, the ending felt a little bit rushed. I don't think it was actually rushed, I just think the first half of the game was a pretty leisurely, day-to-day experience, and once the main story starts really picking up it just goes a lot faster.-Could have been longer? Like, it's decently long already, but I wouldn't have minded spending more time with Angus and Gregg or just bumming around the cityOverall, it's like a 9/10 game, would spend an entire day playing again. Also though should have included more Angus, because he and Gregg are legit fantastic characters."
76561198032182301,Recommended,481510,30759051,Posted: 26 March,all,themagicalfish,"The game starts off a bit slow, but the writing carries it through. Fantastic characters, an incredibly engaging soundtrack, and an intriguing story make this one of the best narratives I've played through.Gameplay is mostly exploration and minigames, but the minigames are plot-relevant and feel important."
76561198217549016,Recommended,481510,30759424,Posted: 26 March,all,mustafa.ahi6,"Beautiful... That's all I should really have to say...I don't normally play things as linear as this, but I will never regret this purchase, not in a million years... And although sequel or something seems unlikely, I WILL GIVE THESE GUYS MY MONEY.*Warning* Side effects of playing this game may include; Nostaliga, Joy, Crying, and being overall hurt right in the feels.PS... I really like this damn thingPPS... If you don't I pray for your soul.... and that is gets thrown into a hole by a bunch of miner cultists."
,Recommended,481510,30761553,Posted: 26 March,all,Anthropicus Panthera,"Made me laugh, cry, and want to do some crimes."
,Recommended,481510,30764047,Posted: 26 March,all,Soft and Wet,is good
76561198282818131,Recommended,481510,30749438,Posted: 26 March,all,telletgames the pybro| trade.tf,good and intresting plot with plenty of funny moments
,Recommended,481510,30765245,Posted: 26 March,all,Kido Swagomi,One of the best emotional punches in the face I've ever received.
76561198073643681,Recommended,481510,30765894,Posted: 26 March,all,Ben-004,"This game was not what I expected, and I mean that in the absolute best possible way. It's heartfelt, it's funny, it's terrifying, and it's so many other things."
,Recommended,481510,30765363,Posted: 26 March,all,The Slugger,"If you have any interest in perfectly written characters,Get this game.I can't put into words how well this game creates atmosphere and personality, but it just does."
,Recommended,481510,30762462,Posted: 26 March,all,mukai,Persona 4 with furries.
76561198372456080,Recommended,481510,30779546,Posted: 27 March,all,バカ (シュレック) 丹麥,"This game is the game which I understand most. I feel the developers had fun making this game with lots of easter eggs. This is the most realistic a game has been for decades, and I feel that this is worth talking about.Or Maebea I just did it for Beebee and MaedayOr Because Gregg and Angus Rule!"
76561198305735401,Recommended,481510,30778226,Posted: 27 March,all,Loukalike,"*SPOILERS AHEAD*I actually got this game a while ago. Only a week after it's release actually and I beat it a while ago too but I haven't added to the positive reviews until now.Night in the Woods was an amazing game. The Style is beautiful, the characters are loveable, all of that along with a great soundtrack. I just cannot express my love for this game. But I'll start the review now.So I found NITW in some random jacksepticeye video. I watched the whole video which instantly was a good start because the vid was an hour long and I have a really short attention span. From what I saw I really liked. I didn't watch anymore NITW vids because of spoilers. So I bought this gameand really liked it. I loved how the game lets you do suff with all the characters. You grow to love them and even forget they're just code. It follows Mae who is an adorable cat who dealt with horrible stuff, like depression. At the start the game is very happy and then it goes to become very cryptic. And there is the cult who sacrifice people to the black goat and eventually get trapped down the mine. The ending is definitely open for A LOT of theories. Did the cult end up sacrificing each other? Then gaining powers and escaping? Who knows. And the soundtrack is amazing. I personally love the second dream theme, pretty much all the town music, the original triler music, the title screen, and more.Welp now I'll just answer the main question on these reviews.""Do you reccomend this game?""Yes I do."
76561198008900293,Recommended,481510,30895298,Posted: 2 April,all,Jasper,"I think it's safe to say that this was absolutely one of my favorite games. The story is amazing. The characters are so real. Everything just makes sense. It's going to be hard to top this any time soon, at least for me.Hey...Got cups on my ears."
,Recommended,481510,30783513,Posted: 27 March,all,Richard the Chicken,It's good. Get it
76561198297894231,Recommended,481510,30807700,Posted: 28 March,all,LordAntwan,"All that I can say is this:Buy it. now.The story is too rich.The characters are too real.The world is too vibrant.The Conflicts are too suspenseful.Everything wraps up so well, like grandma wrapping you the gift you wanted for christmas!B U Y I T"
76561198037034929,Recommended,481510,30811768,Posted: 29 March,all,Fart Blast,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game, it took me about 12 hours to complete and ill probably replay it again somtime soon, The soundtrack is brilliant and the storyline is Great too.Very Relaxing game, highly Recommended."
76561198000559704,Recommended,481510,30810944,Posted: 29 March,all,Nick,"Much like growing up, the best parts of Night in the Woods will stick with you, while the worst parts get diminished.Overall, it's good but flawed--some of the minigames aren't fun, the big twist is a little weird, and it doesn't completely follow through on all its themes. But, the characters are very relatable, the visuals are great, and the music is fantastic."
,Recommended,481510,30807530,Posted: 28 March,all,Ryshili,"Wow.Just. Wow.Feels.All the feels.I can't say much because spoilers.But yes this is a good game. It'll take like 11 hours, but those are 11 hours of worth if you are the type of person who gets connected with characters.Crimes."
76561198049494031,Recommended,481510,32912587,Posted: 27 June,all,kylojen,crimes
55534237843247885,Recommended,481510,32914716,Posted: 27 June,all,Captain Jox,I love this community :3
,Recommended,481510,32911727,Posted: 27 June,all,Tenth,I want to ♥♥♥♥ Gregg.
,Recommended,481510,32915095,Posted: 27 June,all,tokkiq,Amazing game! Really enjoyed the artwork and music. Also became really immersed in the plot. I even want to go through and get every achievement and discover new things I probably didn't see before! A lot of different places to explore. I fell in love with the main characters too!
76561198296946126,Recommended,481510,30161596,Posted: 25 February,all,Pussyka Cap 85 ™,.
76561198070005535,Recommended,481510,32875883,Posted: 27 June,all,Jar jar's Jar Jar jar,"I'm not one to normally leave reviews on games, but this game was just so good that I felt that I had to reccomend it to anyone who was on the fence about buying it."
,Recommended,481510,30469347,Posted: 12 March,all,PyroScarecrow,Best.Game.Ever. and thanks to Happy wolf
,Recommended,481510,32780712,Posted: 25 June,all,Cheesedoggers,"It was a nice game really, It was well written and relatable and got the stress of growing up and the anxieties that come with it to a t.The soundtrack was relaxing and overall the feel of the game was really good.I had some issues with the end because it all seemed so rushed and my favorite parts about this game were the slow paced days where you could just explore the environment, so being forced into this long cutscene thing without being able to do much was kind of offbut the experience was still worth it!!"
,Recommended,481510,32890861,Posted: 27 June,all,dbopdew,"I love Sharkle so much. He is my shining star.Aside from a goofy comment, this game is fantastic. The story is fantastic. The characters are fantastic."
,Recommended,481510,32896295,Posted: 27 June,all,F1djit,It pretty good
,Recommended,481510,32903206,Posted: 27 June,all,ToxicNoob,"Game has a wonderful and unique art style, great soundtrack, interesting story, and characters that are funny and full of life. Highly recommend this game for all users alike."
,Recommended,481510,32931658,Posted: 28 June,all,Mace,"Great storyline and character development.Would've been better if there had been more crimes or maybe a better explanation of the events leading up towards the end. Overall, great game and definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,481510,32926106,Posted: 28 June,all,Aleirina,Definitely one of my favorite and memorable games.
,Recommended,481510,32661559,Posted: 22 June,all,Luna Peachie,"A strange game to say the least, Night in the Woods was recommended by some friends of mine. It has a beautifully simplistic style and the characters are easy to relate to.One of the main draws for me is that the character is an aimless twenty something trying to find her purpose and I think we can all relate to that. Not just in a ""This character gets me"" way, but on a deeper level as well. I had to stop playing for a bit because a lot of the issues Mae deals with (depression, past problems at school, feeling aimless and lost at an age where you're supposed to have your stuff together) hit a little too close to home.  I think we can all relate not just to Mae, but to her friends and the citizens of the town in that lost feeling that comes with the decline of rural America and the industries that both gave it life and killed it.Possum Springs itself is lost. The mine is closed, jobs are hard to find, and businesses are shutting down. People are leaving and the town is trying everything to keep Possum Springs from completely drying up. There is something darker lurking in the woods and it has a connection to Mae and her friends.The gameplay is pretty simple. Side-scroller mostly with a heavy story. The controls are simple to learn, even with a controller. Some of the mechanics might take some getting used to, but it's easy. Art style is pretty easy on the eyes and nothing comes back you at once. One minute you'll be in the dreary town, the next you'll be out in the woods enjoying the fall colors. This game takes you to some crazy places.This game is about not just the evil that lurks behind the sunny smiles of the townsfolk, but also coming to terms with the fact that nothing is definite and you still have to swing even when life throws you a curve ball."
76561198093260154,Recommended,481510,32663798,Posted: 22 June,all,kirby43,"This game has better characters, dialouge, and thematic resonance than most books. I've played it twice already and plan to again. Get it."
,Recommended,481510,32655305,Posted: 22 June,all,applemartini,game makes you actually care for the characters
76561198121409364,Recommended,481510,32669410,Posted: 23 June,all,TactiKat,"There's not many games, if any that make me feel the way this game made me feel."
76561198065439311,Recommended,481510,32669537,Posted: 23 June,all,SomeoneNamedBl1nk,Really takes you on a trip through everyday reality.
76561198061512202,Recommended,481510,32664908,Posted: 22 June,all,Igmatus,"Night in the Woods, is a game like no other I have very played in my life. Heck Night in the Woods might be one of the most interesting but also relatable piece of media I have ever experienced.  Because of the excellent writing, each character feels incredibly human and real, as if you could pull up a Skype chat and talk to them about life at any moment. The narrative is a deliberate slow burn, that sells the mundanity of life and the sometimes hopeless feeling that one gets knowing that their life is falling apart yet they are unable to do anything to stop it. One of the games major themes is social anxiety and depression. It captures the essence of thoughts like: your life will never change, everyone is better then you and you're complete garbage, or that no matter what you do, no one cares. All of the AAA games in the world with their 80+ hour games, decked with huge expansive world, with probably the closest to realistic graphics as humanity can get; will never hold a candle to how real and emotionally grabbing it felt playing a 8 hour indie game, in a small suburban town, with a cartoon cat and her friends."
,Recommended,481510,32671236,Posted: 23 June,all,Pastel,"Bought this game mostly on a whim, I cant stop playing it. It's heavily relatable if you grew up in a small town, but like, with a twist. Quirky , lovable characters, and a well written story makes this game worth playing"
,Recommended,481510,32789280,Posted: 25 June,all,Pratzelwurm,"This game is amazing! The story is in-depth and captivating, and I absolutely love the quirky personalities of the main cast; they remind me a lot of my own friends and I. It's not often I find a ""weird"" or ""awkward"" character that isn't presented in a way that seems to be begging to be #relatable to the YA audeince, so it's refreshing to find a story about a group of imperfect misfits that each manage to have individual well-rounded personalities.The visuals are beautiful, and I LOVE the use of colour and (ha) shape language. The clean, lineless artstyle and the calming background music really contribute to the overall atmosphere of the game.I also love the way that the narrative makes you question things, and gives you a chance to figure out and decide for yourself what's really happening. Very rarely did I feel like I was being beaten over the head with exposition or being railroaded into specific plot points. It's very immersive in that regard, as very few things happen that you (or rather, Mae) are not directly involved with.It's got a lot of heavy themes, but it seldom felt like there was a moral being shoved in my face. As I said, the game is very good about letting the player decide how they feel about things instead of telling them how they should.Definitely worth the purchase, and one of my favourite games to come out in the past few years. Even playing through multiple times doesn't detract from my enjoyment, and I feel like I'm always discovering new secrets."
,Recommended,481510,32788608,Posted: 25 June,all,Monokuma,"It's truly a very touching story based game in which any decision you make will alter how the game plays out.The characters are very appealing/relatable, and I enjoyed learning as much as I could about them throughout the game. And like real life, if you spend the day with one of your friends, you don't have time to hang out with a different one afterwards. And each friend leads to a different 'minigame' and hangout area depending on the day you hang out with them, meaning you have to play the game multiple times to experience it all.The town is full of life, and not just because of the art style, but the game literally has moving cars, people walking around, leaves on the ground which can be knocked around, animals climbing the buildings and carrying around acorns which can also be knocked around by the player as well. It pays attention to such small detail that it feels realistic.There are tons of areas to explore for such a small town, especially amongst the roof tops. And there are a lot of secrets which you can't even get to in one playthrough, allowing for much replayability should you really enjoy the game.The game took me 12 and a half hours to finish my first playthrough, and most of the game had me super invested in the story and wanting to know how it will eventually end. The ending itself was... eh. I'll save the spoilers and just say that it's not the same game by the end.Overall, Night in the Woods is a great experience. The characters feel real, the town feels alive, there's much to explore, you choose your own adventure, and I had much fun with it."
,Recommended,481510,31606897,Posted: 7 May,all,smonk 野草,GOOD GAM. AMAZING. PLAY THIS AND U TRANCSEND MORTA;LITY AND BECOME A GOD. ITS JUST SOOOO GOOODDBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAMEBUY THIS GAME
76561198084466886,Recommended,481510,30285644,Posted: 2 March,all,Wolvenwaard,"Great game, amazing art style and complemented by a story that involves characters which won't be forgotten any time soon, even after you finished the game.I'd recommend this to anyone who likes story driven adventure games, if the trailer makes you want to buy it, but you're not sure yet. Then I say just do it.It's worth it."
76561198317353226,Recommended,481510,32956353,Posted: 28 June,all,TheNinJustice,Just buy it. I'm not saying anything else.Get.This.Game.Now.
76561198067639941,Recommended,481510,32952182,Posted: 28 June,all,AM SPOOK,"Nice little game that i loved every second of, if you are thinking of getting this, do it"
,Recommended,481510,30758596,Posted: 26 March,all,ghostly Boobs,Its alright
,Recommended,481510,32978066,Posted: 29 June,all,annoying peice of shit,"I love this game. I originally bought it for some light experimenting because I wanted to try something new, I was completely suprised that I made my 20$ (at the time of purchase no sale or anything) worth it.The story is so interesting and fun, theres so much to do and its all up to you, this game lets you control the story and thats what I love so much about it. This game is incredible and the characters are so memoriable. (my favorite is gregg by the way ) They each have their own personality and feel like actual people I could connect to, in a way.This game absolutely changed my veiw on games like these. I hope to see more like this in the future from other developers.I ONE HUNDRED PERCENT RECCOMEND THIS TO ANY PERSON"
76561198367496067,Recommended,481510,33000015,Posted: 29 June,all,IRON SHADOW,WONDERFUL Game!! i would play it for my whole life!!
76561198287978760,Recommended,481510,33018922,Posted: 29 June,all,VenomousPiety,"This game is addicting, and the art style and music combine into an aesthetic that captures the very soul of Autumn. Some thing are frustrating, because they are offered with no explanation (And are therefore just random things that you can move that do nothing to further stories or sidestories) but for the most part, it is a LOT of fun and well worth the price."
76561198072182734,Recommended,481510,33020607,Posted: 29 June,all,Xephoran,"One of the best - if not *the* best - game I have ever played.The developers of this game are masters of character design. The main story was decent, but it was the characters that I fell in love with. The characters were amazing, and even the small ones have so much life to them that you can't help but feel connected to them at least somewhat. That and all the characters have their own interests and problems of their own - outside of the main storyline. These interactions are by far what makes the game shine.Play time is about 6-10 hours for the first playthough depending on how thorough you are, though this game easily warrants multiple playthroughs (I simply want to space mine out) and has a minigame within it that is decently fun and could easily take an hour or so on its own.Oh yeah, and, uh, Gregg rulez ok"
,Recommended,481510,32499300,Posted: 17 June,all,bacardiac,10/10 gregg is my spirit animal
,Recommended,481510,33079147,Posted: 1 July,all,zobi8225,"Un jeu magnifique, un peu philosophique, avec des chats et des questionnements.Je le recommande chaudement"
,Recommended,481510,32544200,Posted: 18 June,all,狛枝 凪斗,"Great game.Crushed my dreams of ever playing the bass though-Cried a bit,tampered with police evidence, went to church more often than I did in real life, got high off of donuts, and started a rat infestation.9.5/10.(Would have had the +0.5 if there weren't feral cats like wtf the main character is a bipedal cat do you expect me to believe there are still cats that walk on all fours that people still keep as pets?????? That's almost like slaveryAlso the Borowskis have a pet bird but the pastor is a bird how do you go to church like ""Hey we keep a less intelligent version of your kind trapped in a cage amen.""I can't handle thisAlso no fish people. Wish we could've seen some"
,Recommended,481510,33071513,Posted: 1 July,all,MostlyGhostiiness,One of my favorite games by far! I loved playing it the first time around and it made me feel a lot better about my disassociation. Thank you so much for making this game!
76561198080604285,Recommended,481510,33068148,Posted: 30 June,all,xiuchen,"Great game about returning home, mystery, existensial crisis, dealing with depression and friends.Every minor character you meet has their own little story to tell. The dialogs are witty and natural. You get to do crimes and play bass. The universe doesn't care about anything."
76561198163135404,Recommended,481510,33066935,Posted: 30 June,all,dexsam,Good gameamazing characterslots of jokes and jumpingGregg rules ok
76561198145240819,Recommended,481510,33067399,Posted: 30 June,all,Grillmaster Jack,"One of the greatest games that I have ever played, even though there is not much gameplay. The environment and the world is beautiful, and the soundtrack is absolutely amazing. With the amazing story, atmosphere, characters, and soundtrack, it all ties in to one outstanding experience. To better understand it, you ought to just play it yourself, it is worth EVERY penny, I cannot recommend it enough."
76561198009615466,Recommended,481510,33057083,Posted: 30 June,all,dogs?,"This was one of the best games I've played. The writing and art style are top notch. Once I picked it up, I couldn't stop playing it. The characters are extremely relatable and well-written. I just finished the game for the first time, and after I take a breather I think I'll have to jump in and play it again. 10/10"
,Recommended,481510,33058782,Posted: 30 June,all,lykanidae,"Tbh I'm just writing this review to get that Pillar of Community thing. Anyway, this is still a great game even your crappy laptop could run. The dialogue from characters is so relatable whether or not you come from a small town. 11/10. Gregg is the best."
,Recommended,481510,31961007,Posted: 25 May,all,prograrona,"This game is really awesome, though I can understand why some people don't like it. The main character is douchy, but funny sometimes. It's a relatable story of someone who wants to be treated maturely, but doesn't act like it."
76561198309660633,Recommended,481510,31959791,Posted: 25 May,all,Ghost Man,Pros:-Bass gameplay is really fun-Very visually pleasing art style-Good narrative-Crocodile goth girl-Garbage hipsters/indie kids would likeCons:-Dialogue isn't the best at times-There isn't really any impact from most dialogue options-Enables bad habitual behaviors for people with their lives not together-Garbage hipsters/indie kids would like
76561198199554010,Recommended,481510,31961098,Posted: 25 May,all,Hatefulcrib1439,"Man I don't have words for this game other than awesome. One of the best story games i've ever played, and the band practices were on of my favorite parts of the game. The sound track is awesome,the story is awesome, and everything else about is basically awesome"
76561197969700266,Recommended,481510,32025902,Posted: 28 May,all,Panda_Sex,Wonderful game. Some of the best writing and characterization I've ever experienced. I hope to see more from the developers.
76561198291645073,Recommended,481510,31992771,Posted: 27 May,all,Sudsy381,I absolutely loved this game.
76561198356591214,Recommended,481510,32007660,Posted: 27 May,all,dbovy,Incredable great characters
,Recommended,481510,32011189,Posted: 27 May,all,Bora 2.0,"This game is executed incredibly. The gameplay is very story and dialogue heavy but it is done with a charm that many other in this genre are lacking. There is so many small details that went into creating the atmosphere and mood of the town, giving off a feeling of nostalgia mixed with depression. There is a rediculous amount of music for a game this short. Every screen and every weather change comes with a new song to fit the feel of the level to come, sometimes leaving me sad that I have to see the track that was playing before stop. When I first got the game, I breezed through the story and reached the ending feeling surprised by how short it was. That was when i realized that there was so much more to explore that I had skipped over to focus on the main narrative. You are forced to make a decision on which characters you want to hang out with each day. This means that it's impossible to get the full story in just one playthrough. Replayability is not just added value, it's essential to understand the characters and foreshadowing. I really want to see more of this story and hope the best for the developers!"
76561197998152353,Recommended,481510,32015879,Posted: 28 May,all,presos14,"Shortie, but good game with great storytelling, funny humor and with lovable and relatable characters. Reccomended to everybody that needs a good laugh or something positive in the bleakest moment."
,Recommended,481510,32005769,Posted: 27 May,all,Ben Musters,"Night in the Woods is a semi-adventure game/platformer with alot of style. The story is stellar and the characters are all unique with great designs and personality. There is so much to explore in this game and the story kept me coming back for more. This game oozes the ""teenage/young adult"" mentality, but even with that taken into account this game is fantastic. Do yourself a favor, don't read anything about this game and just play it! And then play it again!In summary: 10/10 would feed rats pretzels again"
76561198302785583,Recommended,481510,32005307,Posted: 27 May,all,Shadowy_Cat,"Night In The Woods is a really entertaining game. The art style the world is in is very appealing to the eye as well as the atmosphere is really calming and peacful. The music in the game is quite pretty too and sets a melencholy yet peaceful and happy mood. All the characters are unique and special and you begin to develop a liking for every character's personality. I saw this game thinking, ""Oh, it looks kinda fun, I'll try it out and see how I like it."", but dicovered it to be a really great game that I expect to play a lot in the future. If you're looking for a new game to play, this is the one."
,Recommended,481510,32032047,Posted: 28 May,all,WilloWisp,"I could write quite a lot about this game if I put my mind to it, but I'm going to keep this brief. It's a fantastic romp through an all-too-real small town in the center of the rustbelt. I can't recommend it strongly enough, I've played through it at least eight times now and enjoyed it every time."
,Recommended,481510,32031012,Posted: 28 May,all,HEAVYBABYBIBHEAVYBABYBIBHEAVYBAB,"Night in the woods is one of the few games that doesn't waste my time in any way.  I don't want to spoil what it's ~about~ but it perfectly captures the feeling of the American midwest in decay.  That ""Coming home from college to your old hometown to a place the world has moved on from"" feeling is something that i don't think gets a lot of mileage in games.Weaknesses: I don't know about the replay value.  I might come back in a year or so.  Also, there are some tearing issues even on my super nice machine."
76561198069391699,Recommended,481510,32032434,Posted: 28 May,all,jnanibhad55,"Night In Da WOOOOOOOOOOOOOODS!!!!I cannot reccoment this game enough. it's cheap, has a good story, and it's ripe for internet theories. Like a book, anyone can enjoy this.  Its simple gameplay mixes with its unexpected story to make it something someone who has never played a videogame before can enjoy. The dialouge, whille text based, seems realistic, like actual friends chatting. the segments with Bea are intense, Greg is silly, and Angus it a little of both.[SPOILERS START HERE]The game's story could tie in to the Cthulu mithos, just going by the cult that worships the ""Black Goat"". Youtubers have probably already made this connection, but this ""Black Goat"" of which the cultists speak could be ""The Black Goat Of The Woods With A Thousand Young"".What i like to believe is that the hole into which the cultists toss sacrifices is actualy a portal to some sort of Darkworld. This Darkworld could be what Mae sees in her dreams, as the giant cat in mae's final dream speaks of a hole in the sky made by the Goat. my theory isn't concrete but it's what i choose to believe. i never really beleive those ""main charactor is dead"" theories anyway.[SPOILERS END HERE]So, in conclusion, Night in the Woods is an amazing game, and worth your time and a little of your money. i would rate this game 10 astral fish out of 10."
76561198048396291,Recommended,481510,32035224,Posted: 28 May,all,Lex,This game stayed on my mind for weeks after I finished playing it. Get it if you like stories or people or ideas.
,Recommended,481510,32035159,Posted: 28 May,all,Zevros,"Of all the games I've ever played, only one other has made me feel as much as I felt after playing Night in the Woods. If you haven't yet played this game, do so. Now."
,Recommended,481510,30266381,Posted: 1 March,all,ShinyShadowFox,"So, i thought this game would be crap, mostly because people said it was small and boring. WELL... THIS GAME WAS SO FUN SO SHUT YOUR BABY FACES UP... ok so the part i mostly like about this game was the story. It was confusing which made game even more fun! The game was so funny too! But the price is a little too high but was still worth it. Do you like LIMBO? If not, dont get the game and write a bad review just because you dont think its not fun.I think Gregg is an amazing character because she or he i cant remember, is awesome because i mean he or she has a stinking crossbow! Also is a good friend to Mae. Mae is totally the funiest!Basicly this game is worth the price and is just flat out amazing!"
,Recommended,481510,31867168,Posted: 20 May,all,Pantomime (Mul's),Could not distinguish between female and male characters.Had a good time tho.
76561198389011677,Recommended,481510,31868512,Posted: 20 May,all,PigeonPartner,"Slowpaced at first, but it more than makes up for this with stunning visuals and a beautiful soundtrack. Would recommend to players intent on more story driven games. The characters you confront are well-rounded and authentic, with a protagonist that many in this day and age will find almost too relatable."
76561198355310090,Recommended,481510,31831052,Posted: 18 May,all,/\/\/\GREASYKEYBOARD/\/\/\,"Overall, I LOVED NITW It took me 12 hrs for my first playthrough, i just finished it about 2 hrs ago, But WARNING for you it will probably not tke 12 hours because I was achievement hunting but his is a great story game and worth the money."
76561198023396540,Recommended,481510,31832120,Posted: 18 May,all,Lara Croft,"Loved this game! Reminded me of Oxenfree, but I liked this better (Oxenfree is still great tho). I wish Mae was my BFF!"
76561197972373166,Recommended,481510,30181881,Posted: 25 February,all,nstratt88,Great gameplay and character development with a story that draws you in.
,Recommended,481510,30186141,Posted: 25 February,all,-2sn0w-,College Sophomore20 years oldStill can't buy beerwow this's me
76561198288577396,Recommended,481510,30159699,Posted: 24 February,all,Penrose42,"Imagine Wes Anderson decided to stop writing screenplays for a while and dabble in a video game storyboard, just as a change of pace......Yep, that's pretty much it.I adore this game, just looking at it is so visually appealing, the characters are charming and real, with their own personality and fears and angst, not just one-dimensional shells that you occupy for a time. There's not a lot in the sense of action, but it makes it up with character writing, and then some. If you enjoy quality writing in any format, there's no question, buy the game. You'll get your money's worth and then some."
,Recommended,481510,30159775,Posted: 24 February,all,🤠paniolo🤠,"Games like Night In The Woods are incredibly special, and we need more of them.+music is great+adorable bright art style, and the darker sides of it are beautiful as well+gregg rulz ok+rat mom+characters that feel real and unique+witchdaggah!!!-the shortness of the game really surprises you towards the sudden ending-needs more crimes"
76561198091296138,Recommended,481510,30157900,Posted: 24 February,all,Panda,This is probably my GOTY.
,Recommended,481510,30157960,Posted: 24 February,all,Aunt Jemima,great
,Recommended,481510,30157308,Posted: 24 February,all,Demmy,"The best way to describe this game is that it's light-hearted when it comes to characters and artwork, but has a chilling, deep, and dark storyline and background to almost each character. I expected the game to be lengthier, but I missed out on some stuff on the way to complete this game so that's probably the reason. It's definitely worth $20, and I can see myself playing through this many more times to remember how great this was.Also Mae, lay off the damn porn."
,Recommended,481510,30157822,Posted: 24 February,all,yam,Incredibly fun and beautiful game. Worth every penny.
76561198338726122,Recommended,481510,30157834,Posted: 24 February,all,andrew.jerome66,This is my freakin life. Thank you
,Recommended,481510,30158556,Posted: 24 February,all,<SMO> Blue_47,"i really love this game, the art style is gorgeus, Mae feel so relatable and have a pretty interesting story."
,Recommended,481510,30158820,Posted: 24 February,all,Your Cat,"I'm at a loss for words.This is a deep game, a work of art, and a glimpse into the mind of someone you can't quite understand.Absolutely fantastic, I would recommend this to anybody."
76561198124823715,Recommended,481510,30174119,Posted: 25 February,all,Komega,I mean yeah its good but the dream sequences are so laggy i can barely play it on low settings they need to fix that.
,Recommended,481510,30174212,Posted: 25 February,all,Ralley-sama!,"I couldn't put this game down.  It's mostly a walking and talking simulator that comes off as silly and cute but it does get real and dark at times.I think this is a good candidate game for when you want or need to relax.  If there's any kind of punishment for not fufilling an objective, I've yet to find it.  There's a mini 8-bit style game also built in for when you want a break from walking around town and talking.  The dialog is very clever and expertly written, almost seeming authentic.  Very Snarky, I love it.EEEEEEEEEELLLLS"
,Recommended,481510,30174783,Posted: 25 February,all,Chalcedon,"Loved the characters, loved the setting, loved the story.It has its flaws -- can be slow at times, requires a second playthrough (at least) to see all the characters' storylines, ending felt a little rushed -- but the writing is so consistently good and the characters are so well-fleshed-out and relatable that it... just kind of doesn't matter.GREGG RULZ OK"
,Recommended,481510,30172696,Posted: 25 February,all,gabrielcarioca23,"​​​​Night in The Woods is defnitely a great game. It starts a little slow, but when you catch with the story it's really immersive. And it's so hard, you have two friends and must choose which one will you go out with at night. This is so hard to choose... ahhhhhh. After some point strange things start happening and the game puts a lot of questions in your mind, always making you ask yourself a lot of questions. I also loved how the characters question life and existence and how they see it in a simple way. The game ends with a lot of open questions, but the main message is well delivered. I was playing when the credits suddenly popped in my screen and I was like: ""whaaat? this can't be the end! I wanna play more!"", but it was a good end, it showed the important feelings that will live on after the story of the game, it showed some mysteries of the universe that will never be solved and the most you can do is wonder about it, I'm still questioning myself about a lot of things I saw in the game and that is really good, it's a game that will live on in my memory. What is the story about? i don't know, but it was fun. Totally recommended."
,Recommended,481510,30179934,Posted: 25 February,all,zerauskii the hyena,"you have one world, one chanceI feel like when i seen rick and morty the first time,i have a headache and empty space in my heart and mindit seems like awesome feeling at the endwell, the things that I feel wich needed the game was a greates super cool final , you know when you solve the mistery and you explodes those old man´s with dynamite ¡I want more interaction and more knives fightings ,pleaaaaaasat the end a very god game with super cool characters and super cool soundtracks (more music please) and ....and  a cool mistery but i feel bad when all goes off , if you have another part of this awesome and lovely game I gonna help to the kikstartergregg rulz ok"
,Recommended,481510,30182848,Posted: 25 February,all,Lil' Missy,Amazing game with vibrant visuals and characters that just feel so realistic. Well-written dialogue and an engaging story make for a great time in this adventure game. 9/10.
,Recommended,481510,30182584,Posted: 25 February,all,ObsidianGrey,"WOW. This game is probably the most emotional thing I've played in awhile, and for a game without voice acting, that's impressive. It took me about 13 hours to get through the game the first time and I am dying to go back in soon and find all the stuff I didn't see the first time. Don't let the cartoony animal art style fool you, this game gets dark and serious in all the right ways."
76561198168847331,Recommended,481510,30196470,Posted: 26 February,all,unsalty_butter,GREGG RULEZ OK!?
,Recommended,481510,30208283,Posted: 26 February,all,Pet Food,Fun and good and cute with music that is good and a story that is good and characters that are good
76561198062738756,Recommended,481510,32156377,Posted: 3 June,all,PATAMUS,I bought this having no idea what I was getting into. What followed was 10 hours of reliving my 20s. I loved it.
76561198067014007,Recommended,481510,32125076,Posted: 2 June,all,HakJob™ SpaghettiFox,"I pretty much can't stop playing it.When I'm at work, I think about playing it.When I'm asleep, I'm actually dreaming of it (for better or for worse)When I'm poopin... well, I'm not really doing anything with it.It's a game that draws you in with a cool art style and keeps you there with incredible pacing and a riveting story.There's so much to do, there's pretty much no way you will do everything in the game without several playthroughs.I'm currently at 8 hours played and I barely feel as though I scratched the surface of the story.11/10 better than Mass Effect Andromeda.EDIT: I have finished the game, and it's left some things somewhat... unfulfilled. That being said, the experience was still incredible, the story was riveting, and most of all, the game actually felt like it _meant_ something. I will have to wait a few weeks before another playthrough, but rest assured, this game is well worth your $20."
,Recommended,481510,32142796,Posted: 2 June,all,Rakien Roffo,"Story-based games bring joy to my life, except this one also added on a bunch of feels on-top of this emotional pie.What this game lacks in gameplay it makes up for with the characters, setting, music and the choices you can make to explore the antics of the ever-so-troublesome Mae, a college dropout who returns to catch up again with old friends, family, and the nostalgic factor of her past life.Parts of this game can hit a little too hard at home with how you may cope or think about certain subjects and emotions, and this game explores them all in a wonderful, almost very personal way that just gets you thinking."
76561197970323354,Recommended,481510,32159454,Posted: 3 June,all,Markus,"Have not finished it yet, but this is such an amazing game. Lovable characters, fantastic art-style with so much care for little details and a great coming-of-age story. And jumping on things is SO much fun in this game!"
76561198074169873,Recommended,481510,31575611,Posted: 6 May,all,skeeter,"This is the first story driven game I have played in probably a decade and it's a winner.  The writing is great and it really makes you reflect.  Real emotion, good story, I felt sad when it ended."
76561198284074251,Recommended,481510,30441080,Posted: 10 March,all,DYKe,Just started to play this game and I already love it! Its a good spend of 20 Dollars :D
,Recommended,481510,31588508,Posted: 6 May,all,Jackies_stories,"The game will kinda drag you through the first 2 chapters with some highlights here and there. After a certain point it just explodes with believeable and loveable characters, great writing and a feeling of empathy. A feeling of knowing that it's about you as well as your experience with the game.It has a few scenes that may come of as strange to newcomers and the gameplay is nothing to write home about.Not amazing, but exactly as good as it needs to be."
,Recommended,481510,31609283,Posted: 7 May,all,| Holos,"I just love the style, and the simple gamplay/controls.Everything feels so nice and inspiring in this game.I love it."
76561198079481530,Recommended,481510,31609853,Posted: 7 May,all,raucousOrnithologist,this game ejected a portion of my soul from reality to the astral plane where it will carry out its metaphysical existence in memory of the ten hours i spent playing night in the woods. its a good game.
76561198076696700,Recommended,481510,31607003,Posted: 7 May,all,Trigzl,"Night In The Woods is the best game I've played in a while.I judge games on their ability to make me feel, And I felt a LOT during this game...I am 20 years old. To me, this perfectly captured what it's like to be in this ""millennial"" decade. Of growing up in a messed up world, trying to survive, trying to be different. Just ... living.I don't leave reviews very often, but this is an exceptional game and I need people to know it.My cousin introduced it to me, and a few days later I caved and bought it full price because I was dying to play. I began playing a few hours each day and I never once regretted the $20 purchase.Score: 15/10Reasons it is amazing to me:-You're rewarded for exploring. I LOVE exploring in games, and in this game, there are many hidden corners to explore, and conversations to have. You slowly learn new information about each character over time.-It's an ongoing adventure that progresses on a day-by-day basis. You move throughout the year, watching the seasons change and getting to learn new aspects of the characters each day.-The characters a beautiful and dynamic. Each had their own special personality, and they are so relatable. To me, the main character, Mae, represents the average 20 year old. She lives a fairly ""normal"" life with both her parents in a nice neighborhood. She's relatable, yet has her own personality. There's a side to her, that we as the player are not even aware of. She's hiding something, a dark side, the reason she left college. What happened in her past.Then you meet her friends and the neighbors in town, each with their own unique stories.-IT HAS MINIGAMES. like every day in the game you can play some sort of mini game with the friends. Going to Mall with Bea, smashing cars with Gregg, PLAYING BASS HERO WITH AWESOME SONGS-the Music-The dreams (+the dream music)-dream music is the best-The Journal with the drawings in it-It is my life. It's so relatable to real life and becoming an adult---DO NOT play if:-you don't like repetitive scenery-you don't like long dialogues and character interactions-you don't care much for artsy styles and music (it is a large focus of the game)"
76561198050360460,Recommended,481510,31611429,Posted: 7 May,all,Sta,Pretty game. Good sounds. Very interesting story and characters. I can even say it opened my mind to a new way of thinking. Would definately give this a playthrough. L O L
,Recommended,481510,31611382,Posted: 7 May,all,Jordy~,Hands down one of the best/most meaningful games i've ever played. You really feel the emotions.
,Recommended,481510,31611662,Posted: 7 May,all,Tallren,is guud
,Recommended,481510,31619263,Posted: 7 May,all,RJPN,"I don't usually write reviews for games. Most just aren't worth the effort. Night in the Woods has made me chuckle more times in the first half hour than any other game in recent memory. The writing is clever and sassy. The art style is great and the setting reminds me of Gravity Falls. This is a very good thing. Along with the fact that a solid adventure game is few and far between. So far, I recommend this game!"
76561198167558843,Recommended,481510,31612739,Posted: 7 May,all,xNoHqcksJustSwag,"This game was great, played through the whole story. I realy recomend it for people who like a good story game."
,Recommended,481510,31641640,Posted: 9 May,all,Ushumann,"To start, I've never really liked platformers/sidescrollers. I like FPS games and shooting♥♥♥♥♥♥This game is absolutely incredible. The story has a really good flow to it, the ""horror"" isn't crazy but still kind of like that back-of-the-mind fear, and the characters are just so great. It's one of those games where you can actually connect to the characters like they're your buddies (no I'm not that lonely). As for plot and sotry, this isn't a spoiler, but prepare for some hella metaphysical stuff. My only real qualm is that the ending is sort of abrupt, but I think the abruptness is supposed to invoke poesy. Regardless, I wish the game was a little longer, because it is extremely addicting.Worth $19.99 and beyond. Pick it up, you really won't regret it. Best storyline I've followed in a very, very long time."
76561198209505427,Recommended,481510,31638992,Posted: 8 May,all,Official Honeybuns,This is one of the games that you get sucked in and when it's over you don't know what to do with yourself for a week.
76561198196851954,Recommended,481510,31638961,Posted: 8 May,all,drgn_hntr777,"I absolutly LOVE this game. it""s not for everyone, though. Not having much action and being a very story driven game, some people will give it a pass. The music, art style and characters all come together to form a very enjoyable game. At the time of writing i haven""t finished but i can tell its gonna be an aweome ride"
,Recommended,481510,31651311,Posted: 9 May,all,Spryly👽,"Fun game to chill with. The reading might make it a little tough to stay awake at times, and the dream mode is often a bit much to achieve just to save your place. Overall a pretty cool game to utilize in a chill stream."
76561198117253931,Recommended,481510,31639112,Posted: 8 May,all,Banana Spear,"finally finished to play this game, it was a nice game, I havent complete a game in a long time and I'm glad I played this game until the end, it has a interesting MC, I guess a lot of people can identify with how she lives her life and the kind of troubles she is going trought, I guess I could say more but then I will spoil the game for you"
,Recommended,481510,31796384,Posted: 16 May,all,Agent Aubergine,gregg rulz ok
,Recommended,481510,31798681,Posted: 16 May,all,Mae Borowski,I loved this game. Every minute of it.
,Recommended,481510,31808689,Posted: 17 May,all,greensolstice,"What I loved about Night In The Woods was that it was quite real. Admittedly, all this crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥happens but then life just goes back to normal, and that's what really happens after something weird. The characters were really compelling and interesting, the art style was beautiful, and I loved that you got to see the way that the town changed in a short time. Even the minor characters were well thought out and honestly, it was quite refreshing. I also thought that the gameplay and animations were really smooth and well done - plus, it worked well on my computer. Not many games run on my computer as well as NITW did.Overall would recommend. Takes about 7 hours to play through, and honestly it was just a good game. It gave me a sense of satisfaction once I'd finished it; kinda like walking out of the cinema after seeing a great movie."
76561198135271836,Recommended,481510,31288413,Posted: 21 April,all,BristleRaven,"Get this game.No, I'm serious..This game should be like, a requirment, for everyone in the world."
,Recommended,481510,31752124,Posted: 14 May,all,LvlCatalyst,"Decided to buy this strickly on impulse due to me not being one for these kind of heavily story based games. I'm so glad I gave it a shot. I tend to beat games in a day or two after I bought them. Just a habit I can't seem to break. Anyways, I put around 6-7 hours into the game within a day. I got so pulled into this story it was ridiculous. By the time I finished the game I really did not want to accept the fact that I just ended such a compelling tale. I'm going to be forcing my wife to play this just becuase I need someone else to go on this feels trip."
,Recommended,481510,31756963,Posted: 14 May,all,hallomemethan,"best game tbh, highly reccomend"
76561198145257083,Recommended,481510,31757920,Posted: 14 May,all,SGT.Sharkle,"So, this game has been in development for 3 years now, made possible with funds from a kickstarter, so how is the game itself? well it is a great game. lets go over what this game gets right first, so i can get the cons out and over with later.PROS:* great story, will keep you interested throughout*amazing soundtrack that really captures whats going on*very visually apealling artstyle, and beautiful environments packed with lots of detail*interesting characters that you actually care about and grow to love*demontowernow that i got out the pros, lets see what holds this game back.CONS:SPOILER ALERT THIS IS WHERE I HAVE TO SPOIL SOME THINGS TO GIVE PROPER THOUGHTS, SO IF YOU DONT LIKE SPOILERS THEN STOP READING TO THIS POINT!*weak ending, either baiting for sequel or just not thought out enough*casey hartley was one of the few characters that could of been explored more, i ended up not caring too much when it was revealed he was thrown in the hole*Not enough Angus moments, wish there was a way to hang out with him more than the star gazing part*artifical choices for the most part, but the game doesnt advertise itself as a choice making game so i could let it slideOverall this game has a great story with interesting characters coupled with a pretty artstyle and amazing soundtrack, i would give this game an 8.5/10, would totally recommend."
,Recommended,481510,31773529,Posted: 15 May,all,Bimblore,"This game was really enjoyable. If you're into story based games and want something a little more relaxing to fill your time, go with this game. I would say though that this game can also get you thinking a lot as it is extremely deep (as in talking about life and stuff, not gameplay) and is very text heavy. Don't expect too much in the way of exciting gameplay, it's more of a piece of art that should be admired."
76561198189502566,Recommended,481510,31780155,Posted: 15 May,all,the Main Man,"not usually into story games bi=ut i liked this one, good music, some difficulty, the music mini game and playing with Gregg."
,Recommended,481510,31761425,Posted: 14 May,all,Lutris,"The characters are wonderfully believable.  They're flaws give them depth, their spirit gives them hope.  It has a slow boil start, but by the time things get tense you're invested in everyone you've talked to."
76561198156465529,Recommended,481510,31762587,Posted: 14 May,all,firedragon8001,"Let me start off the review by stating that I just finished the game last night.Second: OH. MY. GOD. (haha). I SO DID NOT SEE THAT COMING.There will be some spoilers in this review, so be warned.Night in the Woods is strange, right from the start.This includes everything from the strangely all-knowing janitor who appears everywhere, to the arm in front of the diner, to that weird cat-god thing. Creepy.Let me start off by saying that there's practically nothing I can find wrong with this game, but let me give some in-depth criticism, if I can.First, the soundtrack. I highly recommend you purchase that too, because it is fantastic. It has a lot of different tracks to suit the mood, all of them really good.Second, the story. That was something I was totally not expecting.I mean, a goat-god in a hole under a well? Seriously? What even happened there?!There are a lot of really cool characters, who seem very human in their mannerisms. All of the characters you interact with on a daily basis, and a few others, have incredibly well-developed stories that show how hard it is to make a living sometimes. Their friendships are also one of the highlights of the game, and I chose Bea.Her struggle to try and be happy, while caring for an ailing father in a job she hates really gets to you.And of course, there's the fact thatMae can astral-project into weird LSD-influenced neon dreams of reuniting a jazz band. Talk about weird, but thoroughly entertaining.Third, the art style. The game is as beautiful visually as it is auditorially. There are no glitches I've found, and the images look great even at full resolution. The dream sequences deserve a special note here, as they are particularly mesmerizing to look at.However, there are a few minor pitfalls in the game I think should be adressed.One, there's the issue that the character's facial expressions are usually pretty lacking. In some extreme cases they change, but otherwise the faces of the characters don't change at all. Mae could be looking in another direction during a conversation, and a character could be making 'crying' noises, but show nothing on their face.Two, there's Mae's personality. While she does get some explanation of why she's sometimes a total ***, she's still quite the fire-starter. Throughout almost every interaction you have with Bea, for instance, she puts her foot in her mouth in a spectacular way and pisses Bea off. She has a tendency to say the wrong thing at the wrong time, and that combined with a distinct lack of redeemable qualities until the end makes her seem kind of sociopathic, and kind of distant. Don't get me wrong, Mae's got really good reasons for being a total♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to everyone she meets, but it does get old kinda fast.Third, please let some bits be replayable once you've gotten through them. Like the band minigame. I sucked at that, and I really don't want to have to play through the game again just to get better.That's pretty much it.All in all, buy the game. You won't regret it.To sum up:10/10 would poke dead guy's arm with stick and fail at bass again"
76561198083605017,Recommended,481510,31763540,Posted: 14 May,all,Papa Jahnsss,"Haven't finished the game yet but it is absolutely amazing. There's a lot of interactions between characters and the environment, same with its choices in game. Soundtrack is amazing, same for its environment and my god I am enjoying all the laughs Night in the Woods offers. I can definitely tell that there's still much to be done."
,Recommended,481510,31764617,Posted: 15 May,all,mrdocprofturtle,"This is a fantastic story, and I only want more. I would sell my neighbor's child for one more goddamn minute of story. Standing offer Infinite Fall, call me."
76561198032263999,Recommended,481510,31765931,Posted: 15 May,all,febji,"I don't normally write reviews for games, but I can't say enough about this game.  I don't want this to be 10 pages long so I'll try to be brief.Like others have said, it's basically an interactive novel with platforming elements and mini-games.  The game mainly consists of running around talking to people and exploring the town.  There is no combat, there's not really even much in the way of puzzles.  Because of that, maybe the game isn't for everyone.  I personally love story driven games and lack of gameplay isn't a deal breaker for me if the story is good.The dialog is probably some of the best I have experienced in a game.  I laughed out loud at several points and got emotional at others.  You really can't help caring about the characters, maybe even relating to them.  Even though they are cartoon animals, the characters are more real and fleshed out than in many novels I have read.  The main characters are 'young' and the dialog reflects that, but it isn't (IMO) done in an obnoxious or cliche way.The game play admittedly isn't the greatest but it wasn't 'bad', and I like everything else about the game so much that it really didn't bother me.  Sometimes going through the motions of running around town did feel a little repetitive, but I was so interested in learning more about the people and the town that I didn't mind it.  I found myself wanting to interact with everyone whenever I got the chance so I wouldn't miss anything.  The only parts that I felt like I could do without were the dream sequences.  Still though... they had a nice creepy vibe, were visually awesome, and the music was good.In general the music and appearance of the game are amazing.  The music really fits with the atmosphere of the game and was memorable.The themes of the game I found pretty soul crushing, but that's not really a criticism.  Whenever I walk away from something like this and can't stop thinking about it, or I feel messed up over it for a while after, that's usually a sign that it was pretty well done I think.  It isn't that the game is just 'sad' or a downer in general.  It's got light/fun moments and heavy/real moments.  I think its more about the fact that its relatable and tackles subjects that do affect a lot of people.A lot of people criticize the ending.  I'm not going to spoil anything, but I just think that... there's maybe more than one way to interpret things in this game.  Things are left kind of ambiguous, on purpose I think so that people will speculate and talk about it long after release.  This seems to be fairly common nowadays, and I personally don't mind it.  I for some reason like walking away wondering what this-or-that meant, and reading people's theories.Over all it's an amazing game that will probably stick with me for a while.  I was sad that it ended, although it wasn't one of those games that left me feeling cheated because it wasn't long enough.  It felt like a respectable length, and you can't really experience everything in one play through so it has atleast some replayabillity.I also played the 2 supplemental games which are very short but they expand on some aspects of the 'backstory' I guess you could say, so they are worth checking out if you are intrigued by the main game and want more."
,Recommended,481510,31746840,Posted: 14 May,all,noppy_dev,"The writing, characters and art style are all excellent.  It manages to perfectly capture the sense and mood of teenage melancholy without seeming like it's written by old men in a marketing room.Loading times are ok, but I think they're a bit too long for a game in this style (that shouldn't be a dealbreaker though).  I think your enjoyment of the game will depend on how much you're able to relate to it's characters."
,Recommended,481510,31755657,Posted: 14 May,all,Tim,"Great game with an amazing story, awesome music and graphic design. Strongly recommended if you're not afraid of dialogue, because this is a very dialogue-heavy game."
76561198252312428,Recommended,481510,31756231,Posted: 14 May,all,MGLVNA,"Y'know animal crossing? Wake up in the same cute little town of animal people every day. Visit everywhere and see whats new. Talk to everyone, or maybe just your favorites, and make friends. Perhaps a little repetitive, dull to some, but you like these little friends enough to keep checking back with them.Alright, now imaging if partway through all of that you end up in the middle of a story about millenial disillusionment under late capitalism and a horror from beyond that may or may not be god.That's Night in the Woods."
,Recommended,481510,31759384,Posted: 14 May,all,John Sticky Fingers,"*This game has a great story, dialogue and characters.*The art style is simplistic but appealing.*The soundtrack for the game is truly great, to the point where I went and bought it.*Pierogies.*The hangout scenes were great, to the point where I replayed the game to see them all.*Demontower a minigame that I wish I could have on my own computer.*Game is very relatable.--*The ending is rather abrupt and lackluster for what it's hyped up to be.*Not enough hangout scenes for Angus.*Running left everyday gets tedious.The best way I can describe this game as is reading a good book, and I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good story. Also has two side games called the ""Lost Constellation"" and ""Longest Night"", and both are just as good, but alot shorter."
76561198007701501,Recommended,481510,30507063,Posted: 14 March,all,Jimli,"an indie darling. easily one of the best games to come out this year on pc and it'll probably be one of my all time favesit's maybe an acquired taste due to some initial slow pacing and lack of gameplay depth but it offers characters, narrative and a world so genuine, well written, and beautifully presented it kinda doesn't even mattera sort of coming-of-age story that delves into the horrors of growing up directionless in an uncertain world. it's depressing and relatable. it's a real good-assss game"
,Recommended,481510,31784112,Posted: 16 May,all,Mursaat#6158,Fantastic game. Beautiful art style and an interesting story.
,Recommended,481510,32127530,Posted: 2 June,all,SneakySanchez,"If you liked ""Life is Strange"" a slice of life plot with a supernatural twist, I think you'll love this game!  But on top of an interesting plot it also has exploration, decisions, and interesting array of characters and places to explore!  Definitely replayable!"
,Recommended,481510,32129194,Posted: 2 June,all,Zee,gregg rulz ok
,Recommended,481510,32073055,Posted: 30 May,all,Mel,"As one of the people who was keeping an eye on the Kickstarter, I am very pleased with this game. The soundtrack is one of my favorites, and the enviornmental designs are rendered in a colorful and atmospheric way. If you're a fan of story-driven gameplay and aren't turned off by kind of cheesy plot twists, animal people, college students going through existential crises and reading lots of dialogue text, this might be for you. There are some parts of the game (read: a lot) that can feel as though the gameplay is dragging on, or repetative. The gameplay itself revolves around choosing what you want to do for each day provided, as the seasons march on towards the inevitable climax. You will find yourself repeating the same (or very similar) actions every single day, with your reward being different dialogue with NPCs, new areas opening up, and of course, the end-of-day event that you choose through whom you've elected to spend your time with. There are a few timing-based gameplay segments and a fair bit of platforming through the main town hub. The town itself is worth exploring if you are a completionist, or just like the atmosphere like I did.All in all, the musical cues, art style, and overall theme really charmed me. It feels like a bit of a throwback to when my Mom and I were both in high-school (different times, obviously), and it made me pretty happy. Hope you guys like it, too!"
,Recommended,481510,32073418,Posted: 30 May,all,XFUNGUSXLASERX,It's like the coming of age story that I missed out on growing up because I could never relate to any of them. TBH game of the year for me already you can keep your crafting systems and online mode and stupid 100s of side quests all i need is eff the cops and eff the world 10/10 for this screaming trash fire
,Recommended,481510,32078446,Posted: 30 May,all,Cool Kid McGee,This game is amazing. Just amazing. This game by far has more likable and lovable characters than in any game i've played recently. Also the game is ♥♥♥♥ing hilarious and has a great sound track. I loved the twist towards the end of the story where (spoilers)mae and friends discover a ♥♥♥♥ing cult that worships a♥♥♥♥ING ELDRITCH HORROR.Again this game is amazing and i would recommend it to anyone looking for a great story with amazing characters and a VERY interesting mystery.
76561198024227877,Recommended,481510,32078114,Posted: 30 May,all,Cory Scopis,eff the cops - Mae 2017.
,Recommended,481510,32077260,Posted: 30 May,all,SnowCones,"Great storytelling, even better music.9/10"
76561198033073111,Recommended,481510,31987501,Posted: 26 May,all,norbyscook,I had a dreamthe worlds is gonna end
,Recommended,481510,32073737,Posted: 30 May,all,spelledwithak,"an absolutely beautiful game, if you're looking for something fast paced this is not it. It's a lot about the relationships with other characters and slow exploration with amazingly crafted and realistic witty dialogue. i had to take breaks sometimes because the game would hit just a little too close to home. the soundtrack?? is STELLAR. its worth it alone for the art and music."
76561198018596205,Recommended,481510,32119568,Posted: 1 June,all,jenkins,"Great game! Relatable characters (esp is you are 20 and afraid) and hilarious dialogue. Almost entirely story driven, with a lot of interactions being optional so replays can be quite quick if you are just achievment hunting. Soundtrack is unf."
76561198078679059,Recommended,481510,31194567,Posted: 17 April,all,pb without the j,"I'm an interesting sort of guy.  I've played my fair share of games that make me cry when being triggered by certian scenarios in real life. What, you think i play normal games like the latest sandboxs and another linear shooters for all you normies. I bet you let your brothers/sisters play some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gta knock off or another pay to win game, where they will never know the fundamentals of beauty such as LISA of the coping with PTSD and sexual abuse, Oneshot the idea that two sides can never have a happy life, and This War of Mine of the horrors and realities of war through the eyes of a refugee... I have very serious problems. I mean my suffering brought joy to my family, as in my mum laughing at me for being sad about LISA because everyone looks like 'potato people'.Im going to grow up with these games and relise that ""i am ♥♥♥♥ed right up"" to actually like games that make you emotionally attached to the characters, compared to DOOM where the only emotion is joy and the only friends are your guns, and a misunderstood chainsaw. Ok so maybe I'm not that different to the average gamer,. I am like a creepy ex husband trying to wear the skin of their lover, while most gamers are like spree killers so try to think of it like that, actually don't that is a terrible metaphor.Another list of games that will 'be a fond memory in my heart' like a creepy ex husband while currently thinking of murder suicide is 'Night in the woods'.A '2D/exploration/platforming/mystery/story driven/' how many more genres can you put into this things♥♥♥♥♥game. So yeah this game has a lot of genres  (there's even another game within the game) and that i know a lot of games that have genres up the♥♥♥♥♥as well but i think it actualy likes it. so you might want to get another partner to help you out because this holes not getting any less deeper.atmospherethis game with its simplicity and taking stuff up the butt with ease makes a strange but believable world. It has the visuals of a litteral paper cutout, so watch those sharp points when doing in the 'private moment' and everyone looks like animals. And to add insult to logic theirs litteral animals that exist in the game, sort of like a reverse Charles Darwin universe. But it dosn't stray too far away from wierdness, the uhhh... 'humanoids' (not racist) are human at best with the interactions of the main characters likeable and relatable.I mean i don't have a job yet and i barely passed college so im slightly relatable to Mae (the cat thing that you play as) and i think Gregg is the most interesting character in the game. Infact, i think the reason the fanbase is so popular with Gregg, is because of the interactions with Mae, and with fans comes withhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vLRx5DkFvUWHY DID I PUT THIS ABOMINATION IN MY REVIEW!!!but to be serious, all the characters in the game are like a part of the personalities of the player themselves. As i stumble around town like im some person that just wanted some alone time and adventure, actually thats mostly what the game is about. I noticed that the people i talk to are like the people that i have met in my life or what i read in history books. The games influenced by the dying small towns in America that i've heard about and the people in game react to it with slight cynicalism, kinda like what i've seen on news and movies. So onto the horror stuff... yeah i think this isn't worked on enough. The story will leave you confused and muddled but when you see 'characters' in the description, it means 'characters'. So don't be surprised that you don't have any idea whats going on. I still don't know what the four musicians in Mae dreams supposed to symbolise, what her missed chance to do music.and then theres the visuals, what do i think, i think it looks GEORGEOUS. Its so basic in its design that it looks like someone can actually make it faster then writing or painting, but it uses really well placed lighting and layouts of the background that it makes this charming and beautiful world. I wounder what i look like in game, probably some terrifying abnormal monster compared to them (ha ha, the reviewer is ugly ♥♥♥♥ YOU).gameplaythe game has platforming thats sometimes slightly difficult, dialouge choices that do ♥♥♥♥ all and ummmmm... Guitar hero?Yes there is a litteral guitar hero game built in and its ok without and actuall guitar controller. and speaking of the gutar hero minigame ripoff of litteral three session. The music themselves sound awsome with the ♥♥♥♥♥iest instruments for a band you'll ever play in a game, let alone in real life. Theres a really old bass guitar that sounds terrible, a normal guitar that the gutarist plays, 'sometimes' a singer that does ♥♥♥♥ all singing because theres no voiceacting in the game but your too busy playing the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bass to read the words, and midi, yes ♥♥♥♥ing midi.If you don't know what midi is, its a programe that uses your computer as an instrument and half of the time it sounds AWFUL. Heres a rendition of my faviourite game music being brought down to its knees while deepthroating a shotgun.url=https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QqNtbJ6jseEAnyway the music is good even if the main characters were given the worst resources to play properly, so onto the platforming. Platforming is as basic as you can get, it has to be the most average platforming that i have ever seen in a video game. Although i think the platforming is more of a layer to reinforce this alien but well understandable place, or maybe just as a joke. Maes a cat, and she can walk on power lines and jump twice her hight like a real one aha, aha, ha LAUGH YOU SHEEP.Then theres dialouge choices the pinical of adventure games, And like most adventure games does ♥♥♥♥ all to change the story dramaticly. But what it does is that you have another choice, the choice to hang out with different friends per day. Its actually quite entertaining and touching to know the main characters, without being difficult to understand them (except for Angus, well one time but sorry there wasn't a choice to hang out with you more because the plot armour gods are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s).conclusion'Night in the woods' is a very neich game, a good neich game but not everyone likes doing it up the butt compared to the comfortable missionary style of AAA games. When i heard one of the main characters say in an argument ""my mother died from cancer"" i knew it was going to be one of those games, the kind that likes having it up the butt.Not alot of people like those types of games because of its slow pace and thats fine, why you think DOOM got game of the year award because it looked pretty. You should definetly get this if your into meaningful conversations with relatable people, if not go away and blow something up or reinacting a Picaso painting with someones face.And if your a girl thats fine, thats why strap ons were invented."
,Recommended,481510,32188391,Posted: 4 June,all,cucksucker,Maan this game is pretty and unique and it has such a cool storyline and I just feel like it's like no other game. Characters are also so lovable and a big plus for all the secret stuff to discover!
,Recommended,481510,32193633,Posted: 5 June,all,Michi Commander,"Seriously, play this game NOW. I went in expecting a trip, and that's what I got. Great music, belivable characters, and an amazing world that feels live. The only thing I can say I didn't fully love about it was the ending. I can't really get into why I didn't like it without spoilers; I'll just say it was jarring, but still didn't take too much away from the game as a whole."
,Recommended,481510,30487132,Posted: 13 March,all,Wimpy,Better get in on this before Tumblr's claws sink in to this game and it's fandom leaves it in a mess.
,Recommended,481510,32187708,Posted: 4 June,all,OtterMelon,"Night in the Woods doesn't offer much for game play, but the story and dialogue really make this game shine. As far as relevancy goes, this game is on top. Some pretty serious commentaries on society, talk about religion and how faith works, family issues, mental health... This game covers a lot of issues in and does each of them well, so kudos to the writers on that. The characters are charming and realatable, so if you don't have very real feelings cycling through you when you play this game, you're probably a sociopath. Also, gotta rave about the art style. It's simple but adds a lot of charm to the game and pulls you in so much further into the world. The music, too, is excellent and I'd seriously recommend buying it, as well.I know I said there wasn't much to offer when it comes to game, but I should mention that there's literally an entire separate game within Night in the Woods, and it's pretty great--challenging, too! Kudos to the developers on Demontower.A+ game. Thanks for the good time."
,Recommended,481510,32189388,Posted: 4 June,all,Centurion Justinius,"Played through this game in one sitting, now i'm afraid to play it again and do different choices out of fear I got the best ending on my first try and i'm gonna get all depressed at the other endings oh gods why."
76561197976694006,Recommended,481510,32517164,Posted: 17 June,all,Zahndethus,This game is so good!
,Recommended,481510,32528886,Posted: 18 June,all,dezukan,"good game, cute, interesting, and fun characters"
,Recommended,481510,32525338,Posted: 17 June,all,Noelwiz,"Probably my favoret game to date, I've played it through twice, and plan to go through again with friends soon, and thats after watching 3 let's plays before I ever could buy the game. This is my favorite book of games - I could spend an exsesive amount of time reading and re-reading it! Every main character is lovable and very fleshed out, and the overall story is interesting. The one thing you should know before playing istake your time and explore to get the most out of the story, and the gamethere's  a lot going on, and it's easy to miss stuff if you aren't looking due to the choices of how the story is told."
,Recommended,481510,32550612,Posted: 18 June,all,Doctor Slurbriubs,"This game is pretty good. The Artstyle is incredibly beautiful, The Music is nice, the writing is witty, funny, and heartwarming, and managed to keep me engaged throught the 9-odd hours I've been playing. I kinda wish there were more games in the style of this one.Oh yeah, and Demontower's pretty good. Kinda deserves it's own standalone game."
,Recommended,481510,32571574,Posted: 19 June,all,Donut,Everything sucks forever except this. It's a wonderful game. Also crimes. Crimes.PS: I had to play this game outside of steam on compatibility mode because of some lag issues. That's why my hours are so low. Played it to the end love it till the end.
76561198103610226,Recommended,481510,33278566,Posted: 5 July,all,MiscaX,I love this game to bits <3 11/10im so sad that it ended ;( games like these are so rare and im so happy that i bought night in the woods and didnt watcha lets play on it. this game is pure gold and its now my favorite game :) i hope this game doesnt get a bad fandom likeundertale or fnaf because this game is just so good that i would hate to see that its fandom would be bad but anywaybuy this game because its not a game its an experience <3
,Recommended,481510,32631688,Posted: 21 June,all,Weew,Amazing game
,Recommended,481510,33327756,Posted: 6 July,all,KioTheBat,"Wow...just...wow, that is really all that I can say about the game. I've played this game from start to end and just beat it now, its probably one of the best games I have ever played not only on the PC, but on pretty much any device. Its really a game that deserves a sequal and I know the game developer would make it amazing.The Story is just awesome, its a game that just has a few characters and I like it that way. The story itself is a fantasy story, but at the same time I can relate to it. Its emotinal, happy, weird, and enjoyable, I never felt like I needed to skip any parts of the story because they felt boring, its just...perfect.The Gameplay is also great, the game is one of those story games, but Night in the Woods helps make a series that can be boring, fun. The mini games are very fun to play and exploring is also fun as well. I enjoy the fact that you can freely walk around in the game.The graphics are also very pleasing to looks at, have you ever heard of ""Less is More""? That's how I feel about this game, the graphics are very simple, but look pleasing to the eye. Its not a game that requires a GTX 1080 and a 4K monitior to ""appreciate it"" You can run this game on a cheap laptop and you'll still enjoy it.The Music of the game is also amazing, no matter where you go in the game the music just helps add to the overall mood of the game. Its nice to listen to and I would certinally get it on a CD if I could. The only thing I wish was the songs had lyrics. You'll see what I mean when you play the game (I don't want to spoil anything).So in summary this is THE game to buy, I thought because everyone on Twitter was talking about it, it was gonna be an overhyped medicore game, but it wasn't. It was pretty much perfect in every way possible, I just really can't describe how awesome it is. Its a game that I really hope gets a game of the year award, hell this game should be the number one game you can get on Steam, its that good. If there was a game that would make people get a PS4 or switch to PC, this would be the game I would reccomend to them. This game deserves a 10/10, but enough with my review, buy the game.Also P.S.Gregg Rulez Ok"
76561198363095652,Recommended,481510,32111060,Posted: 1 June,all,TheLawyerGuy,meh
,Recommended,481510,33353416,Posted: 7 July,all,Elburninator,This is one of the best games I have ever played! It has great music too! I think it's definitely worth at least 20$
,Recommended,481510,33352571,Posted: 7 July,all,{ιяα}[DFS]Sournois,the bass parts makes me feel like i want to smash my hands with the keyboard everytime i messed up...
,Recommended,481510,32302449,Posted: 9 June,all,C/Pissfox,"What a great game! You will laugh, you will cry, you would question the meaning of life, and most of all, your will love cuts-on-my-ears Gregg. Gregg rulez okThat all being said, the actual conflict of the story is more of a footnote. The game is about character development, not really storyline."
,Recommended,481510,33251744,Posted: 4 July,all,UrbanFoxGamer,"characters are lovable, game play is solid. the mini games add some relief from the platforming and story, but the story felt it was rushed, don't get me wrong the early stages of the story was really got me hooked but i wished the last half was better. the stories around the people you talked to is great because it adds life to it.if you have a lagging problem? remove the tablet or any USB devices on your pc that you don't need. Kudos to the pips in the forums!!!would i recommed this game? yes of course... not as a game but as a interesting story of a cat going back home... and of course it's becuz gregg rulez!!!"
76561198037024267,Recommended,481510,33190153,Posted: 3 July,all,Xeno God 115,Game rules ok.
,Recommended,481510,33234360,Posted: 4 July,all,Rok-Koira,"one of my favourite games at the moment! I really enjoy the story and the characters. the art style is AMAZING!I had watched a full gameplay of this before I started to play the game by myself, but it's still very enjoyable to play!gregg rulz ok"
,Recommended,481510,33191816,Posted: 3 July,all,Millaby,"At first I didn't know where the game would take me to.What is it about ? Life, friendship, changes, and a lot more. There's so much to do, so much to learn.What am I even sayin' ? This is way more than just a game. I wish it never ended."
,Recommended,481510,32663434,Posted: 22 June,all,Theoretically Spooked,"I originally wrote a scathing review.Pros:- Original soundtrack- Creative use of sound effects and instruments- Heavily story driven- Not too long, not too short.- Amazing graphics- Awesome character development- Sidestories- Fun achievementsCons:- I HATE that the achievements are hidden, some are so non-intuitive they'd be impossible to find without guides.- Takes a bit for things to escelate, definitely a slow start.- Not very good replayability, but a lot of the achievements require two playthroughs.Overall:A Night in The Woods is very story-rich game. While it has a slow start, the story heavily escalates at halloween. It plays a lot on emotions, so if you're not into that, you might not like some parts as much as others. As of writing the review I have 8.3 hours on record, but I plan to replay it once or twice to get all the achievements. The game programming itself is AMAZING, especially when DemonTower (game you can play on the protagonist's computer in-game) is almost a standalone game. Overall, I would recommend this game."
76561198234952784,Recommended,481510,33282599,Posted: 5 July,all,hipnoninja2,the best game i have ever played in my life better than any others it was $19.99 the best a infinity/10
76561198353892310,Recommended,481510,33296529,Posted: 5 July,all,RON SWANSON (S.P.a.W.C.),"Honestly, this is one of the best games I have ever played. If was a great combination of humor, life provlems and just everyday life. Iblove the small town feel from the game and the whole story itself and all the personalitities of the characters. Overall, great game and you should go to the store and buy the heck out of it."
76561198042281318,Recommended,481510,33296088,Posted: 5 July,all,Sairvell,"Though I'm more than twice the age of the characters in Night in the Woods, I empathized with that special lost feeling between high school and college, where so many find themselves and feel alone. Their world is an odd combo of rust belt, declining America and magical realism. All the characters (excepting for a couple winking fourth wall-breaking quips) just accept that they have different animal heads.Much of the animation is exquisite. Vibrant scenes offer all sorts of platforms to jump on. Squirrels and birds and other critters bring charming life to the streets and rooftops that May frequents. The scene outside the church with the tall trees and the leaves falling is a personal favorite. Just next door to that scene is a throw-away lawn that's almost entirely ground and sky that offers nothing, becoming tedious with the required multiple trips through it to advance the plot. Broadly, the game is good, but around the edges, in the inbetween places, it sometimes stumbles.You wander around May's world until you feel like you've seen everything, at least everything that you care to see. Much of Night in the Woods is choosing to be in the experience. When you're ready to move on to the next day of May's story, one must merely go to bed.May's sleep is anything but restful. More platforming, often dark and non-euclidian, must be navigated. I found these levels more chore than fun. The dark blank screen left me wondering if the game had locked up, more than once. There are some narrative scenes, late in the game, that have a similar effect of coming in so dark that I didn't even know where my character is or which way to go.When you're done with whatever platforming dream she may have had, you're in May's attic bed, home early from college.There are morning rituals of talking with mom. A similar conversation with dad ends the day. But in between these familial rituals, May has free reign to wander where she will, except for some gated areas, talking to whomever she pleases.Much of the game is in meeting and catching up with May's old mates. These scenes are full of excellent, short dialog. Nothing is voiced, thank god. This was done by a small development house, so letting quips and banter exist as text for me to voice in my own head was the perfect choice. I winced at her friends' angst, but also laughed at their jokes. At times the cructch of the word 'like' became overbearing. Much like with the animation and the backgrounds, Night in the Woods has heart and charm in most places, but the final polish was applied unevenly.The game begins with text and what appears to be digital choices about events from May's childhood. Throughout the around-town exploring and in the special group scenes with your mates, conversations are often interrupted with a pair of choices. Some of these seem to be a short-cut to opt out of a story, but most felt little different from one another. May would say similar things. In one version she's bold and insulting, but in the other she's outraged and blaming... both leading to the same end results.Though the short dialog slugs that the characters fire back and forth are mostly well-written and create complex relationships between characters, I didn't feel like I was affecting the story with any of those choices so much as choosing whether to experience it. At the core, Night in the Woods is about whether you choose to engage or withdraw, because it felt like the story was going its own way, regardless of my input. I enjoyed the ride, but was confused by the toy steering wheel that the writers chose to include. The whole system of choices feels like an artifact of an early design document that the developers could neither get away from, once they committed to the model, but also not properly implement.Choosing whom to spend the evening with did seem like my one consequential choice. Picking one friend over another, each with different responsibilities and problems, lead to exchanges and dynamics not possible in a group. I enjoyed seeing May's mates in different contexts, going to special places that May can't access on her own. Several scenes are mutually exclusive, meaning another player could see nothing that I did in my one-on-one time with May's mates. In these four or five scenes, I felt like I really chose something for May.There is an aspect of vision quest to May's dreams, making me wonder if all the characters really have animal heads, or if they only look that way to her alone. May is short in stature, prone to violent outbursts, has headaches, insomnia and poor attention. Add to that the dead mine that her declining hometown is built upon and May may as well be from Flint, Michigan. I wondered whether the whole thing was a hallucination of May's, or if everyone was blobby animal head people AND she had lead poisoning. It didn't bother me to not know the answer to any of that, because I enjoyed exploring the questions.But I didn't enjoy my questions about the genders of all these blobby animal headed people. For most of the story, any of the characters' genders or sexual preferences are irrelevant. But if two of May's friends are in a committed relationship, regardless of their gender, I feel that I should know that clearly, because May would be aware of it. Similarly, late in the game I had a character, of which gender I could not tell, hitting on May. Turns out the other blobby animal headed thing was a girl. May was gay; who knew?But the story is not about May being gay. May doesn't seem to be discovering something about herself, as she's quite comfortable with  her preference. It seemed like an odd curveball. I don't feel like I'm giving a spoiler by mentioning this, because May's preference only came up for that one scene, very late in the story. Understanding someone's preferences, whatever they may be, is crucial to understanding the tone of all those fast, short, familiar lines that May and her mates fire back and forth. Having more information, particularly about things that May is well aware of, would have let me get further into her story, rather than jarring me with unconsidered and, ultimately, irrelevant information.The same situation crops up with May's mother, who is secretary of the church. Inexplicably, the church is gated off at the beginning of the game. Being raised in a particular religion can have a tremendous impact on who a person. Knowing something about blobby animal headed people's religion should go a long way to understanding them. Was their god a blobby animal headed thing, too? We are told about mom's job and the importance of church, but we are denied exploring their faith for a couple hours into the game.These are small stumbles in an otherwise charming, heartfelt game that mashes up all sorts of fun mini-games, interesting places to explore, and certainly tons of easter eggs (most of which I'm sure I missed). I heartily recommend Night in the Woods. It made me misty for an awful time in my life. That's no small feat."
,Recommended,481510,33398442,Posted: 9 July,all,Elektronik Dergosonik,"I'm not going to lie, I came into this game having heard a lot of awful things about it. But I had heard good things about the graphics and the music, and had enough friends say I should buy it and try it before I truly put my judgement forth.A single playthough hasn't given me enough to really truly say if it's an awful game in the end. The most I can say is that it's not really everyone's thing. To me, it has the seemingly open (yet painfully linear) nature of an interactive fiction meshed into a lightweight platformer. I personally am fond of this style but if you aren't one for story-heavy gameplay-light games, this probably won't tickle your fancy.Night in the Woods has an extremely surreal story with echoes of Catcher in the Rye. At least for me and others who don't catch on quick, it can take a few playthroughs to truly figure the whole thing out. The art style fits every mood the game throws out there, and the soundtrack is very well crafted for an indie game. The platforming involved is very rudimentary, which is very good for people like me who suck at platfor-- er, don't want to have to worry about complex gameplay to get to the story...All-in-all I'd say I've played games that are much ""better"" as regards gameplay elements, but that doesn't matter. Night in the Woods isn't about intense gameplay as much as it is about absorbing the aesthetic and taking the story in as it's dished out. I'd say it works pretty damn well."
,Recommended,481510,31008759,Posted: 7 April,all,TheConorTech,"I write/perform music on the computer...I dont know what to say now.Oh wait, yes I do.Buy this game."
,Recommended,481510,31008813,Posted: 7 April,all,https://midnoclo.se,"This game is legit, and don't let the soon too come(stc) fandoms ruin it.P.S. Gregg Rulz OK"
,Recommended,481510,31010094,Posted: 7 April,all,MC Pitcairn the Stagfox,Best game. Soundtrack is superb. Dialogue is intriguing. Storyline is engaging and intellectually intense. 10/10
76561198080980004,Recommended,481510,31008385,Posted: 7 April,all,Lil ducky,great game wanna check it out before you buy it head on over to my channelhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B5TO8zyCQos&t=7s
76561198043982052,Recommended,481510,31009564,Posted: 7 April,all,GershwinDecoBeck,"Holy cow. Misjudged the depth of the game from the art style (it's adorable, and thrillingly misleading). Saw a Let's Play (and maybe watched too much before I just bought the game; but at least I experienced the end myself!). The character flaws are great. The personalities reflect a lifestyle I never really possessed as a teenager, making me unbearably nostalgic for years I'd rather forget.The art is amazing. The soundtrack is very at place in the game. The control this game had over my mood was ridiculous. It gave me a lot self-reflection as I interacted with the characters of this small town.The dialogue seems to have typos here and there--hope that might get fixed. It pulls me out of an otherwise wonderful atmosphere!"
76561198065969620,Recommended,481510,31032477,Posted: 8 April,all,[ADGD]tagey,"This game is amazing.-Nice, interesting story line-Very likeable characters-Funny bone ticklers here and thereAnd so much more! 10/10"
76561198280525113,Recommended,481510,31029102,Posted: 8 April,all,TheCheck7,I just finished this game a minute ago and I already miss it. It isn't a massive fantasy game with magic but a simple game where you live the day to day life of a college drop out. You need to know that because this is where it excells. I will have moments where I think this game is alright and then be on the brink of tears because of something so painfully relatable. I never realized how much I loved each and every character in this game until now. I don't want anyone to miss out on this little game. It's just too real and charming and amazing to miss out on.
,Recommended,481510,31030217,Posted: 8 April,all,mote,"Even though it takes some time for♥♥♥♥♥♥to hit the fan during this game, it's compensated with likeable characters and good humour. The art is simplistic yet appealing and the environment feels real and alive. There are also some fun minigames to give a little break from all the story-telling (and inside the main game, there's another whole new other game).Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,481510,31025759,Posted: 8 April,all,TrueKirby,Best story of the year so far.
,Recommended,481510,31017336,Posted: 8 April,all,valenteena,"[Pretty general but something could count as spoilers]As I had read reviews of this game that claimed it to be more about the characters than about the story itself, while I was playing I kind of felt like disagreeing. When I did finish it, I completely understood what the other players meant. It's probably because of the bittersweet sense the ending leaves, but really, this game is just a ""glimpse"" into the life of these characters, that had a past and will have a future, which is indipendent from the player. I also liked that you could effectively choose who to spend time to, showing your own preference over a character rather than another, but it didn't influence the fact that your friends care about you in the end. It's an amazing game with lot of love to give. I was really impressed with the presence of an healthy, super lovely gay relationship, as they're often not portrayed as genuine as in this game. I'm definetly going to play it again to see all the side stories."
,Recommended,481510,30991986,Posted: 6 April,all,Clown Bard,so far so good
76561198154742971,Recommended,481510,30989856,Posted: 6 April,all,meganmayharris,"This game may consist of a lot of doing similar things each day in it, but it's much like life in the way that not everyday is the same. You do different things everyday with your friends, eat pizza, go to parties, find a severed arm on the ground, and go to band practice. Now none of this seems particularly amazing, but you do all of this while trying to figure out exactly what wrong with the main protagonist Mae, a 20 year old college drop out. I can not emphasize enough that the writing and dialogue is something incredible. The story, the characters, and the eerie atmosphere will stick with you.... and possibly haunt you in your dreams.Remember this isn't your average video game it's a different creature, there is a lot of reading involved, but if you can stick with it; it absolutely will not disappoint you."
,Recommended,481510,30992470,Posted: 7 April,all,Topher,"This game is highly recommended.  I loved the characters and writing.I will say that the biggest let down for the game is the resolution, which is VERY abrupt.  I can't help but wonder why, because up to that point the game is just a rich delight of discovery and mystery.However, I do not regret the experience one bit. I do have a bit of apprehension toward any game that rewards achievements for finding everything in the game.  It makes it feel like you have to play the game a certain way.  My advice is to forget that nonsense and just get lost, find what you find, and immerse yourself."
,Recommended,481510,30990921,Posted: 6 April,all,SkyboundFox907,"Alright, so I made sure I reached the end before writing this review.When I first saw this game, not going to lie it looked bad. However though I use alot of those survey apps that get you money, so I redeemed for a $20 steam card and got this. Didn't regret it. Night in the Woods is a beautiful game. It keeps a strong balance between funny and emotional gameplay. The game consists of mostly exploration and dialouge, but along the way there are mini games that you play to get to know the characters better and of course tighten your bond with them. The first part of the game does its best to let you play around with the other three main characters, Gregg, Angus, and Bea. The first few days are simple, talk to people, choose who you want to hang out with, and then have some fun. During this part more and more info will be revealed about the characters. After the first few days, that's when the story makes huge progression. Things start to happen. I won't go any further because if I do I'll spoil something for sure. You'll be taken on a mysterious adventure that'll be sure to leave you asking questions. The story gets more and more deep as you play on, and soon you'll start to get hit in the feels. I have never felt emotion for a game, but this one almost had me in tears. The game got you so attached, it made sure you were so you were hit with emotion.Anyways, heading away from the story, the soundtrack in this game is to die for. There isn't another with such a good soundtrack. The songs blend in perfectly with the game and adds a nice touch to the game. At one point you'll also get to play the music too! Buying the soundtrack for sure.The game graphics are cartoony, which fits in well with everything else. Everything looks so well that I actually had to stop and admire the scenery.I don't think there is a single downside to this game. Like really, I just stared at my screen for ten minutes trying to think of a con. I guess if I really needed something to complain about I would say that the game inside a game, DemonTower, has a really cheap AI sometimes. That's all I can complain about.This is an amazing game, recommend 100%. Just note tumblr already got their hands on this, so be careful when googling this game. SafeSearch, Active!PS:I suck at Bass Guitar. :( RIP"
,Recommended,481510,31004874,Posted: 7 April,all,mae is bae,10/10 would cry again
76561198125080091,Recommended,481510,31004956,Posted: 7 April,all,SV Juice829 csgolive.com,♥♥♥♥ING FANTASTIC
76561197982067710,Recommended,481510,30128588,Posted: 23 February,all,Joost,"Night in The Woods is an utterly captivating game featuring a colorful cast of anthropomorphic animals on a touching and memorable adventure in a small American town. It tells a wonderful tale dealing with sensitive subjects such as death, friendship, mental issues and more. This game may not be for everyone since it is mostly dialogue with the occasional minigame, but if you are looking for a strong and memorable story then you will not be dissapointed. Highly recommended!!"
,Recommended,481510,30128677,Posted: 23 February,all,Arcade Healer,"A nice little game, driven by it's characters and dialogue.Having just completed my first playthrough (about 9 hours of gameplay) I give this game 3.5 stars out of 5.The characters are charming and loveable and  there is a refreshing authenticity to them that I think most people will identify with. The humour throughout is wonderful, and I found myself chuckling often.While I loved the dialogue, and characters -  I did feel that there was a little lacking in stuff to ""do"" around town aside from making the rounds to see your friends and neighbors - and toward the end it began to feel a little monotonous.I have to be honest and say the ending did not leave me feeling satisfied. I was actually pretty shocked when the credits began, because I hadn't realized the game was over! So I do think they missed the mark there, because the ending to me felt anti-climactic.With that said, I definitely think this is a good game and worthy of your time, especially if you like Visual Novels or games driven primarily by dialogue."
,Recommended,481510,30129147,Posted: 23 February,all,wildthot,"Delightful escape.85% dialogue and 10% walking/jumping and 5% mini games. But the dialogue was witty and enjoyable. Wonderful game to chill with. Really hope to see more games like this in the future.few downsides:-3 jump thing is just unnecessary frustration-the first 5 hours were really great, but the second half of the game wasn't quite as enjoyable because dialogue wasn't as good and there weren't as many enjoyable interactive parts."
,Recommended,481510,30129505,Posted: 23 February,all,Nomad,"I may or may not be slightly obsessed with this game, its so fun, and its just really creative, the music a wonderful, and it has lots of good emotion, and i loaf it"
,Recommended,481510,30369603,Posted: 7 March,all,Brahlam,"If you like deep intense character driven stories and don't mind a lot of text and the lack of game play elements then this is a must buy!Almost anybody will find a plot or character where he can see himself or events of their own life reflected in. Its almost a bit spooky at some points how much this game portraits the real live struggles we encounter when ""growing up"".I only can think of a few games that had as intense story and character development as this. I haven't finished it yet, but still there were already moments that made me tear up.10/10 Would feel Emotions again! :-)"
76561198064839051,Recommended,481510,30375496,Posted: 7 March,all,Puuvillakarkki,"Twin Peaks meets Animal Crossing (don´t let the looks fool you)So, I heard that playthrough takes normally about 6 hours, but my first time took 16 hours. I had to check and search every nook of the pretty town where Mae and her friends live. This is very, very beautiful and enchanting visual novel~ish game about what it´s to be almost an adult, but it´s also a ghost story and puzzle and so much more. I can only recommend it, and next I´ll try to figure out how to get all the secrets I missed the first time around.Eeeeels....."
,Recommended,481510,30305360,Posted: 3 March,all,ｄｒｏｗｓｙ．ｃｏｍ,"Where do I begin, I've never written a review of any game before, however this deserves all my praises.From beginning to end, every part of it was enjoyable! The mystery and tension build up gives the game so much atmosphere and depth with a whole lot of heart put into it.Pros:- Amazing character design and development- Gorgeous artsyle- Witty and comedic at every oppurtunity- Selmers.- Perfect length, doesn't overstay its welcomeCons:- Often times moving from place to place can seem a bit tedious, but even so, a slight setback on an otherwise perfect game.In conclusion, if you're wanting gameplay, this isn't your game.However, if you want an exciting story, with characters who you genuinely feel for and relate to with a pinch of mystery, a dash of horror and a sprinkle of comedy. Then this is the game for you. I would personally pick it up before it falls into that same place as undertale. Play it before it gets a bad reputation for the fanbase and experience it for yourself.10/10. Gregg rulz ok."
,Recommended,481510,30305484,Posted: 3 March,all,dream daddy,"its a great game, hits right in the feels."
,Recommended,481510,30305741,Posted: 3 March,all,Count Mippi,"If you've ever felt adrift in life, Night in the Woods will probably resonate with you quite a bit.  If Mae's wit and shenanigans don't win you over, then her cast of friends and acquaintances and the game's colorful artstyle will.  Huge bonus points for a really lovely soundtrack."
,Recommended,481510,30304505,Posted: 3 March,all,Fluffy Velociraptor,"If you're looking for a good game, you might look somewhere else...However, if your looking for an incredible story with some platforming and a few puzzles, you've come to the right place!In all seriousness, don't buy this if you're looking for something along the lines of a traditional game, think of it as more of an interactive novel.I was going to try and keep track of my time, just in case I didn't like it and wanted to refund it, but I easily passed the 2 hour limit within my first sitting without even noticing or caring.I personally think the writing/dialogue is awesome, perhaps a bit juvenile at times, but that's part of the fun! The happy parts made me smile, the sad parts were sobering, and overall the feel of the story/game is wonderful.The graphics are wonderfully done, leaning more on simple side, while still managing to catch the eye with good colors and sometimes details you might not expect.The soundtrack is possibly one of my favorite parts of the whole thing. Every game should have good music, and this exceeded expectations!Some of the sections are a little repetitive, but they threw in nice minigames, usually requiring a little bit of thinking to solve.Overall, would definitely recommend, 10/10 Would ponder existance again."
76561198044335481,Recommended,481510,30150378,Posted: 24 February,all,Lean,i love this game with all of my heart
76561198138222992,Recommended,481510,30366523,Posted: 6 March,all,Frozia,A-freakin-mazing game for the price. Once again an indy title (previously Ori then HLD [which this game spoofs!]) has put itself on my list for game of the year and of course indy of the year.
,Recommended,481510,30366631,Posted: 6 March,all,i wanna rock,It's alright.I left it on one night so it looks like I played it more than I did.
,Recommended,481510,30366897,Posted: 6 March,all,Crackodactyl,"I just...adore this game. I'm going to take the night to let it sink in now that I've beaten it, then I'm likely going to start a second playthrough to see the things I missed. I know there are plenty.It's simplistic and sweet, but at the same time it's being deep, dark and existential. It's light, bouncy and hilarious while also being devastating and heartbreaking. But it's good with doom. It does doom in the best way. The game offers up a good deal of choice for the player - from dialogue options to choosing who to hang out with for the night, or which lead to follow as it takes turns down its wider, darker paths.I hope there's a sequel, and I know I'll definitely be funding it if there is. I would have funded this one if I had known about it before it was released. This is one of those special games that only comes around once in a while, and I'm so glad I stumbled across it."
,Recommended,481510,30368672,Posted: 6 March,all,Shotaro Kaneda,"I'm pretty sure i've never written a review for a game before. At least not in years. Anyway, this game was so unexpectedly good. The characters were genuine and believeable, the gameplay itself was fun, and I honestly didn't see it taking the turn that it did. People are going to talk about this game for a while. I truly believe it's going to be a cult hit. If you are struggling at all trying to figure out whether or not to buy this game, heckin DO IT. You will NOT be disappointed."
,Recommended,481510,30369683,Posted: 7 March,all,Oh Sehun Bear,I loved this good. My husband said the game looked too simple for him but this game is far from simple. Great story telling and great unique art. I didn't want to stop playing this game and when I beat it I wanted more. I highly recomend people to play this game.... if you are like my husband who only likes shooting action games...bla bla maybe this isn't the game for you But if you like a great story telling game that can be very funny and mystruous and also bring you down to questioning what is life.. THEN PLAY THIS GAME! It is worth the money.
76561198059946510,Recommended,481510,30369786,Posted: 7 March,all,Firez75,"This is the first game in a very long time were the writing allowed me to connect with (most) of the characters in one way or another, I abosolutely love Bea. the game is very well paced however the ending is rather strange and i hope they make more content but im definatly going to play again and see what is different. Over all this game has it all amazing music, great characters its beautiful its easy yet challenging becuase you must figure out some of the puzzles on your own. I would recommend it to anybody for a great story driven experience. if the beginning feels slow just keep playing you will not regret it."
,Recommended,481510,30366491,Posted: 6 March,all,PKBT,Crimes.
76561197968836514,Recommended,481510,30349179,Posted: 5 March,all,DeanVollo,"I don't usually write reviews but his game was amazing in every way for me so I feel like I have to. IThis game has great music, likable characters, a confusing, yet good story, and a nice open town with plenty of people to meet and talk to. The scenes with playing a bass are really fun, but difficult at times, and the jumping mechanic is difficult to use some times, but overall it functions well. I only have two main complaints:1. I can't go to the bass parts whenever I want, so I have to play through the game again instead.2. The ending didn't leave me fully satisfied. It answered the main question, but not my other questions.I know this is a review and that you will see this probably before you play the game, so you won't fully understand these questions nor will you probably want to read them since I recommend going into this game, but I will put them here anyways.Did Gregg and Angus move to Bright Harbor?If they get there do they like it there?Does Mae ever get a job?Do her parents fix the fincancial issues?Overall, this game was amazing and I now need a week to get over the fact that it is over."
,Recommended,481510,30365769,Posted: 6 March,all,damn good coffee,gregg is the best ok
76561198145646314,Recommended,481510,30330634,Posted: 4 March,all,Hobie,"This game is utterly astounding.No game breaking physics, no time altering graphics, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pants from horror, maybe an emotional roller coaster.All i know is a really enjoyed it, and if you like games with simple art styles and amazingly story driven gameplay, i think you'll fall in love with ""Night in the woods."""
,Recommended,481510,30366056,Posted: 6 March,all,Smittygir4,"A beautifully crafted masterpiece of eye catching graphics, immense storyline, and unique individual characters that sink into your heart. A Night in the Woods shows exactly how an Indie Game should be done, with plenty of replay-ability and tons of things to explore, this game keeps you guessing with a unique exposition, bits of fun game mechanics, and masterly crafted characters that leave you with an experience worth sharing. Definitely worth a play through for a story lover, or anyone looking for just a fun unique game."
76561198043897737,Recommended,481510,30366353,Posted: 6 March,all,Im only 8,Real good
,Recommended,481510,30311390,Posted: 4 March,all,Cozmo,"Bretty gud, jumping sections aren't too intresting but other than that no complaints."
76561198056807255,Recommended,481510,30308898,Posted: 3 March,all,Undeadseamonkey,This is a very good game strong story and both happy and sad moments with a divine sprinkle of darkness some rather comedic ones too. I loved this game and you love to put another 13 hours in to it.(highly recommend)
76561197961109499,Recommended,481510,30301037,Posted: 3 March,all,Fredryk Phox,Yep. It's Shenmew.
76561198298896815,Recommended,481510,30321404,Posted: 4 March,all,HipstrHamstr,This game is essentially Fantastic Mr. Fox but with more angst. All the characters are adorable. I loved it so much.
76561198241004964,Recommended,481510,30338747,Posted: 5 March,all,edups,This Game Starts Off As A Simple Game With Exellent Characters And A Storyline That Isnt Clear BUt Still There THen Turns Into A Story I COuldnt Quite Understand But Understood Somehow The Characters HAve Quite A Bit Of Time And Effort Put Into Them And I Would HIGHLY Reccomend This To Anyone Who Likes Games That Really Get YOu Attached TO THe CharactersI Was So Sad When I Beat It For THe First Time Then Im LIke Oh I Didnt Do Everything YAY MORE STUFF!!!!!!! :D
,Recommended,481510,30332265,Posted: 5 March,all,The Grizzled Boor,This game would be perfect if only I could buy the soundtrack. 10/11 for non-purchaseable soundtrack
76561198069924849,Recommended,481510,31208891,Posted: 17 April,all,Santa Jamez,"This game is an amazing experience visually, emotionally and story-wise. It struck a cord within me many times at just how relatable and realistic it is at times. The story is also extremely thought-provoking and creative and it constantly keeps you wondering. The characters are lovable, artistic and feel very well-rounded. I loved the art style and the random comedy - this aspect was also incredibly relatable because it is very similar to how I joke with my sibling and friends. Overall, I'm happy I played this game and I'd recommend it to anyone looking for something nice to look and thought-provoking. It's a perfect game for a millenial who questions post-secondary and life while loving creepy, cute stuff and cats."
,Recommended,481510,30323775,Posted: 4 March,all,May,"This game is outstanding, plain and simple. Great characters, really strong writing and a story that's an insane emotional rollercoaster. Saying much more will spoil the experience.Gregg rokz ok"
76561197970406800,Recommended,481510,30323898,Posted: 4 March,all,Ant Ross,"I have not binged through a game like this in a long time.The characters, the art, the animation, the sound design - all beautifully done.Think I'm going to have to do a few playthroughs to get all of the possible information out of it.I did rather suck at the Guitar Hero-esque mini game whilst using an XB controller though."
,Recommended,481510,30336474,Posted: 5 March,all,$ans,"Dialogue heavy, character driven story with platforming, rhythm games and other mini games thrown in between and uses these absolutely fantasticly to create a fantastic experience. Go in completely blind if you're looking for something fresh and very engrossing and interestingalso bea is bae"
,Recommended,481510,30324719,Posted: 4 March,all,qianqin11,"A well-executed game in every way. Nice graphics and music, excellent dialogues; very simple and relaxing to play."
,Recommended,481510,30326601,Posted: 4 March,all,Raimi,Great game!
,Recommended,481510,30326568,Posted: 4 March,all,Richard,"Night in the Woods is most possibly one of the best games I've ever played in terms of character development and dialoge. The dialoge is charming, the setting is charming, the characters are charming and relatable. The mini-games are interesting and varied to keep you on your toes, also more than occasionally pull a chuckle out of you.There isn't a part of this game I dislike and I feel in love with the characters nearly instantly. If you enjoy story rich and character based games, buy this game. You will not regret it one bit. Amazining charming game."
76561198125834239,Recommended,481510,30324643,Posted: 4 March,all,JohnnyBoyTM,"I am amazedThis game is a masterpiece. I love the music i just love everything about it. The characters are funny. I love the awkardness and sillyness in the game. Love the protagonist. The games story is also a very good and original story. This is going to be the next Undertale so grab this game before its too late! No but seriously get this game for the music, artstyle... You get the idea i could be going forever! Just stop reading this review support the developers and buy this amazing and beautiful game"
,Recommended,481510,30321962,Posted: 4 March,all,kiddo,gregg and this game rulz okwould 105% recommend hot dang.
,Recommended,481510,30321977,Posted: 4 March,all,SNN135,"A fantastic experience. I really loved how natural the dialogue felt (i.e. realistic) compared to a lot of other games, and it assisted a ton with the immersion and overall atmosphere. The characters are fleshed out and extremely interesting/quirky, and I found myself talking to everyone out of sheer interest. Some definitely hit close to home.10/10, can't wait to do a second run through."
76561198293447936,Recommended,481510,30318909,Posted: 4 March,all,(TK)Dat One Shark,"So far a amazing game. Really good music, Very simplistic but beautiful art style, really deep and well detailed story. Gameplay wise it could use mouse controls for grabbing things and the computer aspect but that's is just preference10/10"
,Recommended,481510,30344381,Posted: 5 March,all,Yannie,"Night in the Woods is a spectacular game. It's not amazingly long, it took me about 10 hours to complete, but it has replayability. The music design is fantastic, and the art style is cute and endearing. The characters are very loveable and the game has amazing LGBT and mental health representation, to boot. -And- the dialogue feels natural and realistic!The story is strange, and weird, and absolutely incredible. If I could buy it again, I'd buy it three more times. It's such a good game, guys."
,Recommended,481510,30334560,Posted: 5 March,all,KR0SSED0UT,"(spoiler-free)NITW is one of the only videogames I've ever played that has genuinely made me care for the characters, and left me wanting more -- with that being said, it has its problems.Pros:-The characters; they're unique, relatable, and each has their own personality, while still being unpredictible enough to keep you reading into and trying to interpret them. Even side characters are interesting, and every interaction with every character leaves you coming away with something.-Art style - again, perfect. The design of the characters matches who they are perfectly and every background, every scene has a lot of special touches. The art alone makes this game a big enough draw.-Writing/Scripting - pretty stellar. This is made even more impressive by the fact that there's no voice acting in the entire game - it relies entirely upon you reading what is shown and creating your own 'voice' for each character. You don't see this in a lot of story games nowadays and it's stellar how well it's done here.-Plot - you'll find this both in my pros and cons, but the plot is interesting. I had to keep moving, I -really- didn't know what to expect up until the very end. There's a mystery entwined with a coming-of-age tale, and it's executed finely.-(..Bit of an afterthought, but the soundtrack is also really good. I -don't- enjoy videogame soundtracks but I already want to listen to this one again.)Cons:-The actual framework of the story reads like a Stephen King first draft. The ending rushes up on you and leaves a lot of stuff unresolved and unexplained. I understand part of the appeal of the game is to convey the spontaneousness and continuity of life, the story, sans the characters, acts more like an abstract art piece rather than a coherent, completed plot. It honestly feels like the actual story being told takes a backseat to the The top of this review says spoiler-free because, to be frank, there's not a lot to spoil -- in that sense, it's the kind of game one has to experience for themselves to enjoy properly. Are they planning a sequel? I don't know. (I hope so.)-The length of the game is easily the biggest con. While there is the possiblility of multiple playthroughs, I got through the game in just under 7 hours -- pretty dissapointing. I will be going back and playing through it at least one more time -- not only becuase I think there's more to experience, but becuase I really need to get $20 of game out of a $20 game. If you're reading this review, wait for the game to go 50% off to $9.99. Id've been much happier spending that much.-Minigame-esque gameplay? The game is 90% narration and dialouge, and when it's not doing those things, it's minigames. I think they're fun, and I think they're cute, but I don't think they're original or add anything to the core experience. It feels more like they were put in to break up the dialouge, not to contribute.-Bit of a picky one, but keyboard and mouse support is NOT great. If you can play this game with a controller, it feels a lot more natural.TLDR: This is a good game -- a short game, at times, a rushed game -- but a game with such good writing & characters I can put that aside. Pick this one up for $10 or less and devote a good afternoon to it."
76561198056086505,Recommended,481510,30334591,Posted: 5 March,all,Velian,"I've finished this game twice and noticed just how much I missed on my first playthrough. Your choices have an impact on the story and I've already bought 4 copies, myself included and three pals that still haven't opened the bloody game.This is now my game of the year until further notice; it's a masterpiece.Now if you'll excuse me, I need to play through again and get the rest of the achievements. I only have half as of writing."
76561198047160961,Recommended,481510,30331466,Posted: 4 March,all,Nived42,"Solid game with a few problems. Luckily, the writing's good enough to overcome them for the most part. Slightly increased movement speed and better pacing would go a long way, but kittybbquest is a nice dark comedy which eventually grows into something complex and interesting. Some elements are left without explicit explanation, but a bit of exploration and inference provides backstory to the conflict and those affected by it that colors things a bit more deeply than may be obvious. Good game, try it out."
76561198210360567,Recommended,481510,31190307,Posted: 16 April,all,OGHunter454,This has to be one of if not the best story driven games I have EVER had to fortune of playing. From the way it was paced to the characters and their quirkiness it was an almost perfect game all around: The only problem I had was one on my end I couldn't figure out how to fix but I won't take points away from aomthing that was my fault. I highly recommend this game to everyone who is looking for an amazing story based game. I love all the songs that you play and I love it even more that you play a bass and the other characters react to how you play. Do yourself a favor and play this game
,Recommended,481510,31191091,Posted: 16 April,all,JOYRIDE,"This game was a trip, I can tell you that much. There are a lot of things to say about this, but if you want a summary:This game is fantastic for those who want to feel the nostalgia of friends and old town stories. There are a lot of different little stories and characters to get involved with. The world, although small, feels nicely knit together. The main story also is quite a good one. With mysteries, clutching moments, and genuinely charming characters. Definitely pick it up if in the mood for a short narrative story.For those who want more detail, the classic Pro's and Con's list!PROS:-This game has so many well written characters. Some funny, others more serious, but all likeable to some degree or another. Every interactable character always has some unique dialogue that can either envoke laughter, or throw you down the feels hole.-The main world, while small, has a lot of interesting stuff to do that may affect your surroundings.(Hope you like rats, baby!)-The art style to this game is absolutely wonderful. Simple and artistic, and has a nice use of colour and shading. This game is definitely for you pretentious art ♥♥♥♥s.-Pacing is everything in a story, and this is an excellent example of it done right. It shows you not to rush through immediately. Some moments lock you to a certain speed, making the build-up exciting.-Speaking of story, this is one brilliant one. Giving a sort of mystery to both the town and your own character, It plunges you into a darkness that you eventually are given a light to see, but making you have to piece it together slowly, piece by piece. It gives you proper context clues and foreshadows events later in the game. No events truely come out of nowhere, you just need to pay attention.-The music is definitely a plus here. The mix of the pop-rock minigames, the ambience of certain cutscenes, the tunes throughout towns, it's all pleasant. (Shame how the soundtrack is so expensive, however).-The main characters are very realistic and have really human dialogue Despite them being animals (HAHA JOKES). For some it may make them frustrating (especially for the main character) but in a way, their flaws make them rather endearing. You soon find a personal connection with a lot of them.-There is a dynamic story to this. Depending on what you do and say, what can turn out may change, and while it isn'ttoohuge to the story, it gives some nice flavour text.MIXED BAG:-There are some questions left unanswered by the end. I won't spoil them here, but a lot of stuff may just be for extra details and not much else. Some may see it as up to interpretation, but for those looking for complete answers, good luck pal.-Some of the controls for keyboard can be questionable, so thus I find this works better with a controller, but it's just a matter of personal preference.-A lot of actions you make in dialogue often just leads to the inevitable. It can be frustrating, for sure.-TAKE IT SLOOOOOW. For those who want an experience rather than just another indie game to add to the pile, you need to take in your surroundings. There is a lot you can miss, and often takes multiple playthroughs to see what you missed. For those who just want a quick game to put up for a bit, this ain't for you.-This game is short. Note how I only have 6 hours here. Although a lot of indie titles have infamously short stories, there usually is something beyond it, but this is very much a one-off game, at least for a time frame. You don't have the feeling to immediately play again.CONS:-Some characters do feel inconsitent at the start to middle. Some are needlessly hostile or don't do much before completely changing. Most of these are only one off characters, but one in particular stays throughout the game and may be a bit frustrating the way they are written from the player's point of view.-The world design could be done better. Often times you will have to swap between area screens to access places on the daily. For those with really slow computers, it can be nightmarish.-Part of me wants this game to have more to it beyond its story. Despite knowing that all games eventually need to stop, There seems like there's something missing by the end, even though the ending is satisfying.OVERALL: This is a really well done game. There are few games I come across and fully admit to be a true once in a lifetime experience. (indie games no less!) But this has a special place in my heart. It's characters are wonderful, the world is quirky and well thought out, the art and music are wonderfully put together, and the story is definitely one to remember. If you truely want a nostalgic experience, pick this gem up.SCORE 9/10"
,Recommended,481510,30205987,Posted: 26 February,all,Tromble,At the end of everything hold on to anything
76561198041848675,Recommended,481510,30209951,Posted: 26 February,all,The Moistening,"You will be hard pressed to find someone who doesn't relate to at least one of the characters in this game. It encapsulates so many different stages of life and the emotions that go with it. It is about growing up, and what you do once you get there. Play this game ok?"
,Recommended,481510,30208436,Posted: 26 February,all,Siegbrau,"This is quite the unique game. The art style is wonderful, colorful and unique. The story, it starts out slow, but picks up into this hellish rollercoster ride of uncertainity and surrealism.The game is very relatable to a lot of people, I would imagine, even relevant to current events. You play as Mae - a 20 year old NEET that lives in a depressed region of the rust belt. Life is somewhat hard - but manage-able. When people talk about ""economic anxiety"" nowadays - this game gives you an example of what that means.There are other trope-al themes that are apart of the story too, but that's the general gist of it.Its definitely worth your buck if you like story rich experiences."
76561198050772990,Recommended,481510,30211764,Posted: 26 February,all,KC,"I felt sad and happy and melancholic all at the same time. This game destroys emotionally, but in a good way."
76561198155205459,Recommended,481510,30212157,Posted: 26 February,all,NVTaks,"Long story short, this game does everything it's trying to do perfectly.If you aren't down for tons of dialogue: not your game, for sure. What I especially love about NITW is that it's not just story driven, but it gives you the opportunity to expand, shrink, and direct that story in whatever way you please. Want more journal entries? Go exploring! Too impatient to get on with the plot? Drop by your favorite character and keep things moving! Want to connect with another character? Start over!A truly emotional and heartwarming two or three play sessions, maybe holding an particularly special place in the hearts of gay 20 year olds everywhere~ <3"
,Recommended,481510,30212301,Posted: 26 February,all,sandsharkattack,"Love this game! Great art style, clever and ""real"" writing. There are so many relatable characters and situations. The gameplay is simple platformer style so the real meat of the game comes from the story."
76561198162270580,Recommended,481510,30212305,Posted: 26 February,all,all hail grandma,"OKAY this is one of the best games i've ever played. Possibly THE best game. If you're around 20 you need to play this game. I played this at exactly the right time in my life (19, just transferred schools) and it's one of the most relatable things i've encountered. Really needed this game... it has really impacted my life. I didn't expect it to be much more than cute but it is a hilarious and deeply moving game. It's gunna stick with me for a while. Thank you IF.Info: Took 13 hours to complete (went really in depth)."
76561198069613665,Recommended,481510,30207714,Posted: 26 February,all,PatriotCreeper,"Definitely recommend it, at every turn it impressed me!"
,Recommended,481510,30208680,Posted: 26 February,all,TirMcGrey,"Definatly a game worth checking out if you're interested in a cast of well developed characters in a setting that can be very intimately familiar to people who grew up in small rural towns. While the platforming is a bit wonky at times and the pacing can slow to a crawl, the soundtrack , characters, side plots, and overall quirky tone of the game pick up the slack."
76561198157632879,Recommended,481510,30208987,Posted: 26 February,all,vladimir.slepnev,"Finished it in 7 hours. Very impressed with the depiction of everyday life. Less impressed with the supernatural mystery plot, too bad they made it the centerpiece of the ending. If they wanted a big climax, why not make it ""literary"" too, like in Gatsby or Oliver Twist? Then they would've had the ""Citizen Kane of games"" that everyone's waiting for.Anyway, NITW is a game that everyone should play to get a glimpse of what video games can someday become, and how they can relate to reality instead of immersing you in a fantasy. 11/10. Don't watch LPs, play it yourself, I warn you. Oh, and the visuals and music are excellent."
76561198120494136,Recommended,481510,30206341,Posted: 26 February,all,Shadowsholiday,I give this game a 100 out of 10. I freaking love this game and relate to it so much. Omfg bravo I definitely recommened this game to be played! Excuse me now because I must find merchandise to buy.
76561198010210294,Recommended,481510,30206096,Posted: 26 February,all,Jose can't fine me,"I don't usually play this kind of single player storyish games, but I enjoyed this one. The characters are loveable and profound. Even small side characters that you can choose to ignore completely have complete stories that make them seem like real people. The main character isn't very smart, but relatable. The art and music are incredibly relaxing. This game can sometimes feel too real with its themes of going nowhere, depression, and just finding a reason to care at all. I wish there were more of it. I do think the ending felt unfinished, and walking around town doing mundane tasks can feel teedius. If you're feeling sad and depressed about your life then I suggest picking up this as, at least for me, it felt therapeutic.P.S. Mini games are on point."
,Recommended,481510,30207050,Posted: 26 February,all,meisterli [NMG],"While a bit light on gameplay (a lot of it is just exploration and mini games) this is probably one of the most realistic games I've ever played. Not graphically, no, but it is so very relateable, all the characters feel real and flawed and beautiful. A great experience for sure!"
,Recommended,481510,30216375,Posted: 27 February,all,Radicles,Honest to god one of the best games I've ever played
,Recommended,481510,30216913,Posted: 27 February,all,Ryunaro,"This game is heavily reminding me of Super Paper Mario for some odd reason. Maybe how deep the story is and how (sorta) similar the gameplay is. Highly recommend it for those who enjoyed Life is Strange, Until Dawn, Heavy Rain types of games.Also it has a 1-2-3 super jump like Mario 64 so...There's that"
,Recommended,481510,30215025,Posted: 26 February,all,Sir Casm,"Night In The Woods is the slice-of-life/thriller nobody knew they wanted. I know for sure that it's the definitive game I'm going to nag everyone to play this year.I can't point out precisely why - but its narrative hits too close to home, and it becomes personal for that very reason. Funny what a game by 3 people with minuscule budget can do with anthropomorphic animals what most games with 1000x that budget fail to do with their hyper-realistic human models - tell a very relatable story, which will probably leave you speechless, sad, smiling and empty all at the same time.If stories are your thing, it's needless to say - buy the game. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,481510,30215477,Posted: 27 February,all,Shub niggurath,"This is one of the only games to make me feel emotion.Astheticly beautiful, well written, cynical and dark humor.Real world problems and emotions I just wish I had more, and would pay as much as possible for more of the same."
76561198183303034,Recommended,481510,30349412,Posted: 5 March,all,(つ´∀｀)つ i am not good at this,One of the most beautiful and heartmoving game i have ever played.
,Recommended,481510,30349730,Posted: 5 March,all,HelpfullFerret,"I felt like i knew all of the characters in this game. its so well written and intriguing, and the soundtrack is fantastic. 5/5 Nightmare eyes"
,Recommended,481510,30134459,Posted: 23 February,all,avrenim,Eeeeeeeeeeels
,Recommended,481510,30134466,Posted: 23 February,all,Phrak,"You're a cat girl whose best friends are an autistic gay fox, his giant bear boyfriend, and a goth alligator. You guys play in a band and go aroundsolvingcommitting crimes and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Pretty comfy."
,Recommended,481510,30272656,Posted: 1 March,all,slimeboss,"Night in the Woods is a fantastic game with top-notch, natural dialogue and genuine humor. My only two problems are that the dream sequences are usually boring, and it's too bad that this didn't come out in the fall, when the game takes place."
,Recommended,481510,30250777,Posted: 28 February,all,CoolWool,10/10Would Gregg againGregg rulez ok
,Recommended,481510,30270909,Posted: 1 March,all,gamergrrrl,"so goodamazing charactersonly weakness was the third act, kinda unoriginal, but plot is not why you play this game"
,Recommended,481510,30297720,Posted: 3 March,all,NachoSteeze,"Fun time, this one. Already played through twice, on my third run. Achievements are buggy at the moment but the devs are hard at work getting things patched up. (Side note: The devs are wonderful about responding to questions!) Definitely worth picking up!"
,Recommended,481510,30292918,Posted: 3 March,all,Jorgects,'effing good
76561198068028741,Recommended,481510,30299156,Posted: 3 March,all,oKaMiLoVeR,"At first, ""Night in the Woods"" starts off slowpaced and is the kinda game where you sit down to play with a cup of tea after a long day. Near the end of the game, however, things get weird FAST. And its GREAT.The game is filled with simple platforming and intereacting with the characters through dialog and mini-games that are used to progress through the story. If copious amounts of talking is not your thing, stay away from this title. The dialog is clever and has the kind of self-deprocating humor I can get behind.The music by Holowka is INCREDIBLE. I'm sad that he hasn't released the entire ost yet...I was listening to the few released tracks a year before this game came out, I was hooked.The visuals and animation is so lovely and has such a charm to it. All the anthro characters in this game are adorable.  Very pleasing to my tastes.Recommended!"
76561198046665186,Recommended,481510,30287999,Posted: 2 March,all,Fatal Pastry,"There isn't much I can say about it that hasn't already been said, but this is an incredible game. It's the only game I can think of that I immediately wiped my save and started playing again after I beat it. It's games like these that remind me why I'm doing what I am. It's games like these that remind me why I'm willing to suffer through anything to do what these devs have done.I cannot recommend it highly enough."
76561198000574093,Recommended,481510,30292444,Posted: 3 March,all,Trippingghost,daemon tower so good
76561198093002203,Recommended,481510,30293320,Posted: 3 March,all,Chia,"This game was an incredible experience and I advise anyone interested in amazing characters, stellar writing/story telling or a gorgeous artstyle to buy it ASAP."
76561198002911983,Recommended,481510,30294188,Posted: 3 March,all,wolfknight904,"This game is fantastic if you need a good story driven game with characters you actually care about this buy this game,"
,Recommended,481510,30156055,Posted: 24 February,all,Brave Onion,It was an amazing adventure and every single frames is wallpaper worthy
,Recommended,481510,30290021,Posted: 2 March,all,Lord Shaftesbury,"I'll be honest with you, I didn't play this myself. I watched a let's play. But I experienced it, and I think the makes of this game deserve to be rewarded for making it. And yeah, it's that damn good. Game of the year contender good. If you have the money, I don't see how you'd regret it."
76561198370283888,Recommended,481510,30290113,Posted: 2 March,all,xxgreenxelitexx,I have played an finished a lot of games but this is honestly the best one so far .I liked how they mixed a horror movie type into a typical college dropout`s life.
,Recommended,481510,30289560,Posted: 2 March,all,Feefa Kha'habibi,"Good writing, art style and sound design.Would recommend if youre looking to chill and immerse yourself, no regrets"
76561198044026484,Recommended,481510,30281575,Posted: 2 March,all,Terry,11/10 Struggling middle America mall experience.
,Recommended,481510,30277086,Posted: 2 March,all,An Actual Lion,"It's official, I have a new favorite game!NITW has such a creative way of storytelling that leaves you saying ""I'll just play through the next day"" over and over until you've logged hours into the game! The characters are well rounded and endearing, and the story is engaging! The gameplay itself is addictive and fun and unique, especially the minigames!If you can, please pick up this game, it's very worth your time and money!"
,Recommended,481510,31211752,Posted: 17 April,all,Bazoka810,"Powerful story, I'd fully reccomend."
,Recommended,481510,31108912,Posted: 12 April,all,kobasketch,"NITW is not only a beautiful game to look at (the colour palette choices are amazing), the story and dialogue is incredibly fun to go through. The cast of incredibly likeable but troubled characters give the game life through hilarious quirky dialogue. I enjoyed exploring the town every day, finding little easter eggs and having insignificant conversations with other civilians because it was such a delight to hear what other random crap they had to say. The music was beautifully atmospheric at some points in the game. I really loved it!!"
,Recommended,481510,31112754,Posted: 13 April,all,Droidsky,"This game really hits home on a lot of areas. The underlying plot makes it feel like you're playing a weird 90's thriller movie, but with more lovable characters.After just 6 hours of playtime, I didn't want it to end. The story went to show how the relationships you have can change how you live and view your life. The monologue at the end made that point very clear and made me cry a little even.It's calming, the soundtrack is great, the dialogue is funny, the characters are personable... Makes me happy knowing that the persons that made this game understand how depression and regret affect your everyday life."
,Recommended,481510,31131508,Posted: 14 April,all,EZMode_Activate,"Stylistic and solid. Almost anyone can relate to a character, be it through personal experiances, or understanding where they're coming from. The amount of thought about how your dialog and choices effect character interactions and later conversations is very forethought. I'd recommend multiple playthroughs to see more from the small town, and being sure to talk to everyone to just add to the sense that this little world exists."
,Recommended,481510,31130999,Posted: 14 April,all,Sir Oblivious,"If you're looking for a story driven game with well written characters, this is the place to look. Night in the Woods is an amazing game, filled with fun times, great characters, and beautiful graphics. Also sharkle. Sharkle is the best."
,Recommended,481510,31132159,Posted: 14 April,all,Abureaucrat,A somber tale which reminds me of the lives we live in all too many ways.
,Recommended,481510,31132167,Posted: 14 April,all,Modest Moose,"It's been a long time since I've gotten emotionally invested in a game. The characters are each relatable in their own certain kind of way, and they are all a joy to talk to. I can not think of a bad word to say about this game to be honest. Literally my only critique is that it feels too short - it's taken me around 6 hours to complete - but that could also be a good thing too I suppose.All in all, if you are looking for a quick feels trip, definitely buy this game."
,Recommended,481510,30363386,Posted: 6 March,all,fish.lol.fish,"If Undertale and Kentucky Route Zero had a baby, this would be it."
,Recommended,481510,30361896,Posted: 6 March,all,kent ❤❤,good gem
76561198046179708,Recommended,481510,30238420,Posted: 28 February,all,Kea,Angsty Hipster ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t done so absolutely right.
,Recommended,481510,30236942,Posted: 28 February,all,A Very Sad Fox,"This is the first review I've ever done for a game.That aside, I will start by stating that this was a wonderful ride the entire time.It's a very mellow game with some tense moments, but overally the story is a beautiful trip that you'll enjoy every moment of. As quite a few people have stated, very well written characters you will actually care about. Sensitive moments between them that you can actually empathize with. It does an amazing job at telling what it wants, and expressing the vibe of what the town gives.As much as I can go on about this game and how much I loved it I'll keep it brief.Pros:-Well written story-Characters you can connect with-Catchy tunes/soundtrack-Great balance between mellow and melancholic vibes along with moments of tension and mild fear/curiousityCons:-If you aren't a fan of revisiting places multiple times it will wear on you-Jumping system could be seen as wonky, I kinda liked it but it's a per person thing(that's all I could really think of at almost 1:30 am)Also on a final note.Please, if you play this, take the time to just sit down and contribute to it and only it.Fully explore what you can and just take in the experience.This game has a lot to give if you're willing to take the time to see what it offers.As i know I've said a lot.It's an experience.Enjoy it."
,Recommended,481510,30229385,Posted: 27 February,all,dolphin,"If you enjoy narrative driven games with a little gameplay elements like platforming and a little adventure then you'll definitely love it. Even if you normally don't play games like this, the story might just happen to resonate with you if you've been through some of the trials and tribulations of being a 20-something. I'll be honest I hated it at first and gradually warmed up to it close to the end.The game captures a small town vibe really well along with one of the best soundtracks I've ever heard in an indie game. Seriously, I had no interest in the game until I listened to 'Longest Night' in a preview soundtrack for the game. The preview for some of the in-game tracks are on Alec Holowka's bandcamp for reference.Also, the ending is abrupt. It took me 2 playthroughs to piece things together for (some) closure. So, if you don't take your time you might feel a little cheated once it's over."
,Recommended,481510,30229438,Posted: 27 February,all,wadissimo,"I have never written a review before. But for this game I have to. The wonderful 3 (JUST 3) people managed to capture the feelings and anguish of twenties, getting out of being a kid but not really being an adult, in a most melancholic and graphic way.5 Greggs out of 5"
76561198057408453,Recommended,481510,30227486,Posted: 27 February,all,Alkah0lik,If you like games that takes your mind off but also makes you think and feel about stuff. This game is for you.
,Recommended,481510,30231716,Posted: 27 February,all,Wywin,gregg rulz ok
,Recommended,481510,30231738,Posted: 27 February,all,ItsZinnia,gregg rulz ok
,Recommended,481510,30231784,Posted: 27 February,all,Thot Crimes,"I wholeheartedly recommend this game. It's got loveable characters, great music, great visuals, and a message that really hits home. This game isn't for everybody and that's ok as not everyone can relate to the characters as well as I do. My only complaint with this game is that everything starts building up and building up and suddenly, everything explodes. It's like filling up a water balloon and it bursts 3/4 of the way. But even with this problem it's still a fantastic game that should be played by anyone looking to ""find themselves."" It's still early in the year but this is going to be a hard indie to top."
,Recommended,481510,30232141,Posted: 27 February,all,louis,it left me thinking about a lot of thingsgregg rulz okseriously though this game has amazing writing and i could go on about it but other reviews have already done a good job explaining what's great about this game
76561198062116532,Recommended,481510,30232107,Posted: 27 February,all,"Totinos, how did you know?","You start out well, you know some basic stuff...THEN ALL OF A ♥♥♥♥ING SUDDEN YOUR THROWN INTO THIS GUITAR MINIGAME, AND IT JUST ♥♥♥♥S YOU BECAUSE YOUR LIKE WAIT WHAT? YOU HAVENT EVEN TOLD ME HOW TO DO THIS AND NOW YOUR SCRAMBLING ALL OVER THE PLACE TRYING TO PRESS THE KEYS, BUT KEEP ♥♥♥♥ING UP, AND ONCE YOU HAVE FINALLY SETTLED IN THE GAME HAS THE AUDACITY TO THROW 2 INTO THE MIX OUT OF NOWWHERE AND YOUR LIKE ""WELL ♥♥♥♥ ME SIDEWAYS"" AND YOU GET OFF TRACK AND YOU ♥♥♥♥ UP, AND AT THE END OF IT ALL YOUR FRIENDS ARE LIKE ""WELL THAT WAS♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; ♥♥♥♥ YOU...In conclusion...Yeah, its a pretty good game"
,Recommended,481510,30232785,Posted: 27 February,all,WALTER,"Charm and endearment: THE GAME. Fantastic writing. Realistic, quirky dialogue. An art style that is all-encompassing. I'm kind of in love."
,Recommended,481510,30232876,Posted: 27 February,all,flyingeye,Not sure what else I can say that hasn't already been said. This game should be experienced.
76561198264074876,Recommended,481510,30229973,Posted: 27 February,all,Creepliss,"This is one of the best Indie games ive ever played! I love the artstyle and the great amount of personality given to each character. I'm also loving the fact that this game has lots of exploration, adventure and story! The music and lighting is fanstastic! I have yet to play through the whole game but so far I give this game LOTS of praise from what I have seen so far!"
,Recommended,481510,30230466,Posted: 27 February,all,Shirleycakes,"This game is incredibly well crafted - from the art style, the writing, the music - it is an incredibly strong piece of work and I think an entire generation can relate to it. I've only done one playthrough so I'm not entirely sure how much of the plot changes depending on choices as opposed to just dialog changes but I was insanely satisfied with the entire game.I do wish you could get do-overs on the band practice minigames though. :D"
,Recommended,481510,30222523,Posted: 27 February,all,the big furry,I think I'm in love with this game. It's just so masterfully put together and arranged and it hits every narrative nerve I could have wanted it to. Game of the year.
,Recommended,481510,30309603,Posted: 3 March,all,SpookyJam,Play this game. Go into it knowing nothing!
76561198034211379,Recommended,481510,30309646,Posted: 3 March,all,Rain Machine,This was truly beautiful. This is what games should be.
,Recommended,481510,30362832,Posted: 6 March,all,Alp,Very refreshing to see a game thats focused so much on the characters of the story.
,Recommended,481510,30176597,Posted: 25 February,all,thessgdtheory,"Embrase yourself into the small town of Possum Springs, a return to begginings for Mae Borowski, who....after deciding college was not the way forward and becomes a dropout, moves back in with her parents after three years away, and starts to reconnect with the people and things around her that she once knew so well.Night in the Woods plays out as your ""Choose your own Adventure"" storybook but instead takes the form of a visual narritive in which what you feel is the right thing to do can lead to some interesting and outlandish acts of vadalism, shoplifting and general nucience.....but all for the right cause.This game is what I like to consider a ""sleeper hit"", meaning that while it will never set the world on fire and gain major popularity, it certainly is an experience I urge you to try out, if not for just to get to know the characters alone. (Gregg rules, ok?).Definatly a fun time, mini-game, light enjoyment title all for the sake of entertainment.....and figuring out what exsactly is living in the woods."
,Recommended,481510,30167879,Posted: 25 February,all,Buggins,"This is a beautiful game. The ending is probably the only thing about it I didn't like, but you know what? The journey to it was so good I don't even care.It was worth the $20, and I hope the developers make more great stories like this one."
76561198153383879,Recommended,481510,30154730,Posted: 24 February,all,Gotta Blast,I NT E NSE    DA B ERO NI
76561198140849556,Recommended,481510,30134877,Posted: 23 February,all,Doña Peacock,"this game was great beacasue of The character, lifestye they have, and the humor for each events I choses."
,Recommended,481510,30134966,Posted: 23 February,all,Abathur,"In the 12 hours I have played this game, I realized this game really hits you where it hurts. Being able to relate to the characters one way or the other really makes you love these characters and what they all deal with. Personally for me the story of Mea really hits me, being able to relate as to why she left college and I just love her for that.Totally reccomend this game to people who like story and chracter development.P.S. Gregg rules ok"
,Recommended,481510,30135171,Posted: 23 February,all,=^_^=,Modern take on Cosmic Horror with a lot of relatable content for rust belt kids.
,Recommended,481510,30146513,Posted: 24 February,all,Steve Zissou,"I ended up playing the entire thing in one sitting. Might have rushed it a bit, but maaaan it's good."
76561198137437075,Recommended,481510,30146521,Posted: 24 February,all,jana.piatovskaya,"I'd say that this game is like ""Life is strange""  but THIS little game actually hits home without being too cringy... Nice characters, nice atmosphere and absolutely gorgeous OST.I love this game to bits and also hate it a little bit because it does feel like home. You know, when you come back and everything and everyone's changed except you and... you deal with it, you know (or don't but that's your business).I'd love to buy OST as soon as it's available."
76561197973959532,Recommended,481510,30147005,Posted: 24 February,all,The_Dentist,Beautiful and bittersweet.
76561198074290813,Recommended,481510,31193285,Posted: 16 April,all,DOTZ,One of the best indies after firewatch.
,Recommended,481510,30148356,Posted: 24 February,all,malikagodt,"I absolutely love this game!The smart♥♥♥♥♥dialogues between the character are so fun, the artstyle is great and I just can't seem to stop playing it!https://youtu.be/tDTgpoIgmHQ"
76561198259492870,Recommended,481510,30147544,Posted: 24 February,all,Trash Boat,Has an almost Twin Peaks vibe to it.
76561198047688413,Recommended,481510,30147660,Posted: 24 February,all,Zulliin,"When I first started playing this game, I had no idea what I was walking into. Everything about this game is great it got me hooked. The characters and plot felt realistic and it hit home. The only thing that felt semi-lackluster was the ending, it felt like the story just dropped with no real ending. Other than that I highly recommend trying this game out."
,Recommended,481510,30143602,Posted: 24 February,all,DjBorsch,Relatable.
76561198263786097,Recommended,481510,30133849,Posted: 23 February,all,huskycatgrape,"This game was ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic, couldn't put it down and beat it after about 10 hours, ending left me wanting a bit more but I felt satisfied, just sorta wish that you could keep playing and redo the minigames. All in all a very good game, 8/10"
,Recommended,481510,30143012,Posted: 24 February,all,Galileo,This is goodIt is reallygood
,Recommended,481510,30144333,Posted: 24 February,all,BootyMusician531,"Halarious, snarky and just charming. The characters feel like they could be real life people with real life problems. Beautiful story so far and I still have tons to do."
,Recommended,481510,30115155,Posted: 23 February,all,Barcode x_x,I. HAVE. NIGHTMARE. EYES!!!!STABSTABSTAB!!
,Recommended,481510,31482981,Posted: 1 May,all,helgibbons,This is such a gorgeous game.  And Mae is pretty tough.
76561198371657920,Recommended,481510,31495586,Posted: 1 May,all,Smart Boi,This game was adorable and creepy.
,Recommended,481510,31497038,Posted: 1 May,all,Umbre,"As much as i want to spoil, im not for the sake of others, however i am gonna tell you my thoughts about itNight in the Woods is a very intresting game, at first you may be confused on what is going on, however as you go even more deep into the game, you get its meaning and reasons why, if you are a adult and all, like the main characters, you cant help but just relate to them. Night in the Woods sometimes hits you in the feeling and its just so emocional in some parts, the bonding, the friendship etc, and the game sometimes makes you laugh off. Not only do you have the storyline and everything but theres also some minigames like playing Bass or DemonTower, wich are also very fun games.I reccommend this game to those who find it intesting or want to get the feels! This game is just the game you need!"
76561198322622867,Recommended,481510,31500787,Posted: 1 May,all,WolfieTheWhiteWolf,"I Loved This It Was A Thrill Of An Adventure And While I Was PLaying I Thought Imagine If There Was A Second Game To This A Sequal OR Prequal, So Hopefully That Might Acctually Happen. But It Was A Great Game"
76561198277988249,Recommended,481510,31504191,Posted: 2 May,all,Nat,"My honest opinion of this game is that it's a flawed masterpiece. I had a few issues with gameplay and, in some places, the story, but the game hit me hard in the feels in a way I haven't felt in a long time, and I truly enjoyed my time with it.Pros:-Beautiful art style and animation-The music is gorgeous and fits every scene really well.-Great writing.-Exploration is fun and rewarding; it's usually worth checking every location once every day.-The relationship arcs are really sweet. It feels genuinely heartwarming building up friendships with the various quirky characters.-Plenty of replay value.-For the most part, the story really speaks to me on a level most media doesn't. The messages the game gives, even in seemingly insignificant conversations, are powerful and resonate greatly in today's world.Cons:-Sometimes the platforming is very dodgy. It's easy to miss ledges you were dead sure you had landed on, and sometimes I dropped straight through power lines and even solid platforms for no apparent reason.-The game is (probably intentionally) very repetitive. You explore largely the same places and do very similar things every day.(Mild spoilers for late game)-While I like the themes and relationships of the story, the actual plot is rubbish and the sudden change in tone halfway through the game made me confused more than excited. You have this great slice of life game, with lovable characters and some raw messages about society, mental illness and the nature of friendship. Awesome! Then it changes into a ghost story halfway through. Err...? So many questions are left unanswered at the end of the game and the end itself is incredibly abrupt, despite teasing various events in the near future.I really feel like the game would have worked better if it just stuck to what it was best at (freeform exploration, world and character building, witty dialogue) instead of suddenly trying to be something else halfway through a very fun game. As it is, the main plot feels almost tacked on, which is NOT what a MAIN PLOT should feel like. It was unneccessary and the linear climax, which is just a lot of sloooooowwwww walking and tapping the dialogue advance key, got kind of boring. They could have used a much more resonant, down to earth climax to show Mae beginning to deal with her issues (which is the real focus of the game anyway), that would have felt in tune with the resonant, down to earth feel of the rest of the game.---But all in all, the game's flaws did not outweigh how masterfully written and put together it was in general. I had a lot of fun playing it, it made me smile, made me cry a bit, made me really re-evaluate a few things in life. I felt like I really bonded with the characters and the world. Even in the dumber moments, it was still a good game and 100% worth playing."
,Recommended,481510,31513707,Posted: 2 May,all,Jataman96,"It had a slow first half I thought but honestly I really enjoyed it by the end. I loooove the art style too. The slow pacing got to me sometimes but after Harfest it really picks up. All the characters are endearing and lovable and I wish I hadn't had to choose between hanging out with Bea or Gregg, but it makes for good replayability. I've only played it once but I'll certainly give it another go. I know I'll get more out of it a second time.One complaint is that a lot of the secondary characters didn't feel fleshed out. Aunt Mall Cop was someone I wish I'd seen more of, and I never really got a sense of closure with the Pastor. That was a bit disappointing. Also, the end felt a little bit rushed after all the build up. That's all I'll say without spoilers...So, despite all that, I have to agree with most of the positive reviews here. It's charming, heartfelt, and ultimately a cute game that's a good way to pass the time. I personally appreciated the way that mental illness was discussed as well, even if it was a bit heavy-handed (which I think is all right because our culture doesn't like talking respectfully about mental illness to begin with).I got this game full price and didn't regret it. Normally I wait until sales but I made an exception here and I have no regrets!! It's not for everyone but I'd still recommend it to people who liked games like Undertale or Gone Home."
76561198272372198,Recommended,481510,31516331,Posted: 2 May,all,MORP,this game was beautifully written and made me happy the relationships were so genuine and unique 10/10 it was worth buying.
76561198294726647,Recommended,481510,31513655,Posted: 2 May,all,shaynesol,"Going into this game, I was expecting a Life Is Strange kind of feel, where your choices were constantly tested. In reality the choices you make in Night In The Woods are not as extreme but still have a role in the experience you will have in the game, as far as some cut scenes etc. I'm actually about the same age as Mae (the main character), so watching this somewhat graphic novel unfold in front of me was oddly emotional, and I'm not gonna lie, it brought me to tears. The art is stunning, the soundtrack is atmospheric, and you'll feel like you're living in that ""what comes next"" after high school is over. I agree with what a lot of people have said - after playing I find myself missing the characters and growing very fond of this little humanoid-animal world.I feel as though there are no cons to this gaming experience BUT please keep in mind this is much more of a graphic novel, that is mainly story rich. There is a lot of dialogue and not a lot of action. It’s also sort of a statement for mental illness and what millennials go through (if that matters to you)."
,Recommended,481510,31513723,Posted: 2 May,all,Maxximo,"When i bought this i was expecting another Undertale in gameplay and community (wich when the gameplay is over is what keeps the game alive), and I found something different, something way more amazing, this game is about 'growing up' and how this change us and those around us, and how we have to left things for the best sometimes, of course the game is not full drama but the mystery inside the game is very related to the topic, this is a game that you feel uncomfortable is you speedrun it, almost one game day at day, even when the characters are very diverse and clearly following the millenial style, there never forcing this on the game, it feels smooth and you can see why they're that way.The music is brilliant, you can just spend an hour with some part just to hear the music flowing, my only con to the game is it left you asking for more in a way of a single knot that is not tied at the end (spoilers).Plus to all of this the community is not too strong to the NSFW content, that is honestly amazing considering this are furries."
76561198192662758,Recommended,481510,31516912,Posted: 2 May,all,natlim33,"Sometimes a game comes along right when you needed it, and Night in the Woods was that game for me. This is a game about growing up, what it means to come home, dealing with depression, faith, eeeeeeels, and so much more. The music is phenomenal, and the character writing is excellent (with the exception of some of the third act, which I wasn't a huge fan of). Mae and her friends feel real, and their hurt feels real, because a lot of it is my hurt, too. I'm thankful for the time that I got to spend in Possum Springs. And I'm thankful that this game reminded me to hold onto those around me as tightly as I can, even when it feels like the world is ending."
76561198207625063,Recommended,481510,31553660,Posted: 4 May,all,2spooky4me,amazing gameevertything was perfectI played it great experience
,Recommended,481510,31553575,Posted: 4 May,all,LavaLamp,"Zen yourself into a sinister mystery!- Multiple Choices allow for replayability- Awesome Soundtrack, full of calm and nostalgic tones- Lot's of small things to investigate and discoverI very much recommend this game if you don't mind taking your time and relaxing gameplay"
76561197982157716,Recommended,481510,31552624,Posted: 4 May,all,War Train,"Not really a game, more of a story. But it's a really good story so play it. It's partly about solving a mystery and partly about life after highschool. But with almost no mention of sex or drugs, the game focuses on the characters coming of age and at the same time trying to resist adulthood. It actually leaves you feeling a little smarter for enjoying something so much without it having a cheap romantic interest. But with just enough minigames to keep you ready for anything, it becomes a wonderful immersive experience."
,Recommended,481510,31562953,Posted: 5 May,all,MrTrufax,"From story to atmosphere to all the characters, NitW is definately one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,481510,31562098,Posted: 5 May,all,Ursen,"Where do I even begin.Night In The Woods is a very interesting game, unlike most I've played before. It's not a platformer, not a MOBA, not a shooter, or even a puzzle. It's a small, dialogue-heavy game that drips raw emotion and personality in it's characters. The protagonist is relatable, the characters are relatable, the town itself is relatable, everyone's realisitc and 3D. The art style is interesting, and enjoyable with an amazing soundtrack and a very linear idea wrapped around it. It's basic enough anyone can pick it up and play, but complex enough for the overachiever like myself to hunt every coversation down. It reminds you of the aspects of growing up and adulthood and the sacrifices we have to make in order to achieve a greater good for ourselves in the long run."
76561198023026642,Recommended,481510,31605764,Posted: 7 May,all,murdercakes,"The music and the art direction make the nuggets of story that you encounter very enticing and moody, but the richness of the character writing is also an impediment to the game's pacing. While each character has a distinctive voice and quirk, the cleverness ends up being tedious at certain points, preventing you from exploring the world or reaching the next goal. Unfortunately, the ending fails to be as satisfying as the journey there and leaves many loose ends, but it's not entirely a lost cause. Beautiful things stil happen, and it's worth a look."
,Recommended,481510,30423053,Posted: 10 March,all,endless nameless,inb4 the fandom
76561198278272514,Recommended,481510,31246175,Posted: 19 April,all,pugcrazy98,I have nothing bad to say like at all.
,Recommended,481510,31231230,Posted: 18 April,all,bobmason2991,"I wish this game never ended. Enjoyable from start to finish. The game is a nice change of pace from traditional games as you can take your time and do what you please during the game. You don't have to worry about being good at anything in the game or dying, you're just there along for the ride. This was the first indie game I've ever enjoyed enough to play through to the finish. Can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,481510,31248600,Posted: 19 April,all,harleyv,"It's pretty good, not bad. Almost great, even. Worth the twenty dollars I paid, and I don't usually pay buy non-sale games, with this being a rare exception.I feel like the story was really good, bordering on excellent, until it left its comfort zone towards the end, where it suffered a bit. Overall, however, it's a cute little game that deserves to be played. Please don't let it become overexposed. It really does feel like the type of thing that will be completely ruined by a toxic fandom, so, please, be gentle."
76561198222033788,Recommended,481510,31248540,Posted: 19 April,all,SokoolCereal,"Honestly one of the best games I have played. The characters and the artstyle is fantastic, including their unique personas. I liked how I could choose who I bugged most, and what I can say sometimes. The ending made me wish there was a sequel. However I might play the extra games that or free, but in the meantime, I'm trying to figure out the more endings. 10/10 favorite game for the time being."
,Recommended,481510,31249498,Posted: 19 April,all,W_Dog,"game about dropping out of college, close friendships, good music, nostalgia, existential terror, the end of the world, and pizza parties.check out the free supplemental prequel-type gamesLongest NightandLost Constellation, if you want a better feel for the world and charactersbut it's well worth the price; I love this game more than anything."
,Recommended,481510,31248005,Posted: 19 April,all,Sharpe_ish,"honestly night in the woods has actually turned out to be one of my favourite games this year, and probably ever, besides the whimsicle-ness of the people being animals, the character development rocks, the plot is amazing and its super relatable. 10 out of 10 would play many times again. :>"
76561198289864382,Recommended,481510,31255934,Posted: 20 April,all,BattleAngel1229,Oh. My. Lawd. You will love NITW I promise. 10/10 will play again.
,Recommended,481510,31297567,Posted: 22 April,all,FacepalmRunner,"One of the BEST adventure games I played on steam! Gorgeous musics, delightful atmosphere and really outstanding character designs. A really fascinating game."
76561198031357445,Recommended,481510,31305362,Posted: 22 April,all,MoleMat,"Basically it's like Persona but without the rpg elements and instead you just wander a small but lively world, occationally do some minigames, and really get to know some interesting characters.Also there's something in the woods.Go pick it up, it's a wild ride of emotions."
,Recommended,481510,31304020,Posted: 22 April,all,dandyboo,gregg rulz ok
76561198203885895,Recommended,481510,30087727,Posted: 21 February,all,cjohnson6603,Pros: amazing artamazing and deep charactersgood gameplayminigames galorebranching storydiverse charactersgood character designTHERE IS A GAME INSIDE OF THE GAME THATS LIKE TBOI (They should of sold that game imo)deep conversationsfunny conversationsYARNGood soundtrackCons: kinda short but hey quality over length ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )there are a lot of loading screens but they are not too long ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )There is one save file in game with brancing stories it is important to have multiple save files because say you want to say one thing too one character and then go to a diffrent save and say a diffrent thing to the same character you can't do that. I see why they did not include a multiple save files they probaly did that so the can imerse the player.Personal con: I used too many unitentional inueendos
76561198310300422,Recommended,481510,31308004,Posted: 22 April,all,yotsuba,"The story and visuals already sold this game to me but what I find very enjoyable are the little secrets scattered around town. I like when a game isn't entirely linear, and when choices affect your relationships with NPCs. Some dark humor here and there, but ultimately bittersweet in tone.However, the crashing can be pretty bad. It can happen from three minutes after booting up the game, which can be pretty frustrating to say the least. I hope that a patch can come out for this, but overall I really like this game."
,Recommended,481510,31307087,Posted: 22 April,all,scarlett_ink,"The story is quirky, meaningful, and hits hard in the reality of life being full of good and bad things. The art is spectacular, and was worth every cent."
76561198288939428,Recommended,481510,31303339,Posted: 22 April,all,joshieandmojo,I love this game so so soo much.
76561198067731789,Recommended,481510,31301559,Posted: 22 April,all,TeeKay,"Night In the Woods is one of those games that has you thinking about it for hours, even days after you've played it. This game perfectly hits the nail on the head in terms of those who love emersing themselves in story-based games; getting to know each character and learning about their struggles allows for those in similar situations to identify with them on a personal level which is what makes a game really leave a mark.The soundtrack is great and the hidden little secrets you find while randomly exploring the town felt very rewarding and exilerating. My only problem with the game is that I felt like the final chapter of the game was a little confusing to me. However due to the games incredible play value I'll be playing it again which will allow me to see things I didn't see previously and hopefully get a better understanding on what was going on at the end.Overall, if you're into story-driven games which can make you cry laughing as well as make you sob a little, I'd definitely recommend it!"
76561198055019589,Recommended,481510,31291139,Posted: 22 April,all,NonConsensualMedicine,"I can go on and on about how this game does everything perfectly, it utterly blows my mind on how a game could be so completely flawless. A true masterpiece that should be in everyone's library of games."
,Recommended,481510,31292129,Posted: 22 April,all,Cupcake Crusade,Demon tower was a mini game that you could play in night in the woods and after of hours of dieing over and over again to these rogues #getgud i finally beat it and got the true end ^_^ so what im trying to say here no matter how hard a game might seem don't give up and thats what i think this game has taught me and some other life lessons.
76561198017439311,Recommended,481510,31290268,Posted: 21 April,all,Erratic,"Very enjoyable. The music is great, the minigames are charming, and the character development is great. I may be biased though, being a 20-something college dropout that has mental issues (seriously it's like this game was made for me).If you enjoy visual novels, walking sims, and similar games, then you'll probably enjoy Night in the Woods. If that's not usually your kind of thing, then watch a short playthrough of the beginning. You'll probably be able to tell if you'll like it from that."
76561198300908185,Recommended,481510,31286245,Posted: 21 April,all,Vulpz,"Good story, good characters. Would recommend."
,Recommended,481510,31332649,Posted: 23 April,all,kinkteam,Wonderful game!! In my top 3 at least. Definitely worth the money
76561198070240903,Recommended,481510,31326864,Posted: 23 April,all,roople poople,Confusing but in a good wayHopefully doesn't have the same fate as Undertalegregg rulz ok
,Recommended,481510,31387135,Posted: 26 April,all,FM R IZ,"lots of reading has a subtle nuance I like, very poignant and weird i hope more like this from the developer"
76561198062200708,Recommended,481510,31386532,Posted: 26 April,all,smurfturfnurf,"I ♥♥♥♥ing loved this game. Its relaatable, has great writing, and is a relatable game for the post-teens gamer. seriously, check out this amazing game."
76561197993964550,Recommended,481510,31382549,Posted: 26 April,all,xerx_01,"Night in the Woods is an indie adventure game with focus on characters and dialogues. The gameplay consists mostly of reading dialogues and some minigames, so you should keep this in mind if you consider buying the game. It reminded me a bit of Oxenfree, but I found the characters in NitW more interesting and relateable.Characters and character development are masterfully crafted and discovering past and motivations behind the main protagonists is one of the greatest things about this game. Altough it may not seem this way at first, NitW deals with pretty serious topics like depression, poverty and struggles of becoming adult and it does so in suprisingly mature way. This contrasts with the cute graphics and satirical humour and creates a truly unique and remarkable experience. The minigames are fun, most of them are simple and easy, but some of them can be challenging, which I aprriciated. Since you’re choosing every day, which of you friends you’re gonna spend your time with, it’s deffinetly worth playing through the game more than once.My biggest complaint is about the repetitive enviroment, because you’re spending at least half of the game in the same small area and I got pretty tired of it. Also, the main character can get a bit annoying.What definitely deserves attention is the soundtrack by Alec Holowka. Having over 3 hours of soundtrack for indie game is impressive on its own and I think that NitW ost helps to create the right atmosphere for every moment in the game, never got tired of it.If you’re a fan of the genre, I can happily recommend this game, it's one of the most interesting games I played in a while.I would give it a rating of homosexual fox out of total Rabies."
76561198043435107,Recommended,481510,31383242,Posted: 26 April,all,Jacklives,"Night in the Woods, in short, is awesome. The environment, writing, and situations are all extremely immersive and I thoroughly enjoyed my playthrough of it, especially in the last two parts.Story and Characters:Our story follows Mae, a recent college dropout that's returning to her 'boring' (NOTICE THE QUOTES) hometown, Possum Springs, to live at home again. After being forgotten at a bus stop by her parents, Mae begins her journey around Possum Springs revisiting old friends and rekindling some other relationships. The main supporting cast features Gregg (an impulsive and energetic fox/dog/not sure), his boyfriend Angus (a soft-spoken an level-headed bear), and Bea (a reptilian edgelord that you come to love). Some creepy things start happening around town and Mae begins having some introspective supernatural experiences which I won't spoil for you! And from that point, the story of the game takes off. I wish my post-college life at home was as exciting as this (ya know, without all the mental anguish and creepy happenings).Gameplay:Most of your time in Night in the Woods is spent exploring. Running, jumping, and dialogue between the townsfolk and friends are the main playing points of the game. There's a few rhythm game-esque sections during the group's band practice, a mini game on Mae's laptop, and a few other neat mechanics. The focus of the game is its narrative and, frankly, whatever gameplay is here is perfect for the experience. Certain choices you make will have you go on adventures moreso with Gregg & Angus or Bea. I've only completed my first playthrough of the game and look forward to my next when I'll spend more time with the two lovebirds. I loved the sheer amount of natural character development that Bea goes through while you spend time with her though. Time spent with the characters in this game is where the game shines.TL:DRJust buy it. It's worth it at full price and I've never loved a complete cast of characters like I do with this game. Connecting constellations and reminiscing on childhood memories with Angus, smashing sh*t with Gregg while he throws glass bottles at your face, and going on car rides with Bea were worth every minute and every penny. I think it's impossible not to be charmed by this gameworld. Germ is cool too."
,Recommended,481510,30615734,Posted: 19 March,all,Dang Hunk,"Great game. Enjoyable art, good story with some pretty heartfelt moments. Worth every penny."
,Recommended,481510,31397645,Posted: 27 April,all,FieldService csgoatse.com,At first i was a bit confused but when i started to play it i couldnt get off it if you can get it then get it right now!
,Recommended,481510,31397056,Posted: 27 April,all,Cactus,"A lot of feeling and a great story.Buy it, nuff´said"
76561198119531619,Recommended,481510,31397468,Posted: 27 April,all,Kermit The Frag,Crimes?Crimes.
76561198304511502,Recommended,481510,31365040,Posted: 25 April,all,Jay Borowski,I love the story of this game it has characters that anyone close to the age of 20 can connect with and understand them. Also this game gave me hope for the games that are coming out in 2017.
76561198004192263,Recommended,481510,31366653,Posted: 25 April,all,The Doctor,"One of the most worth it games for the price. Multiple endings, choices and stories to follow, all amazingly written. Great soundtrack, and even some good puzzles. If you love thick, intrict story, you'll love this game."
76561198055514368,Recommended,481510,31224994,Posted: 18 April,all,SpiffyMcBU,Bad life choices: the game.
76561198151493238,Recommended,481510,31219963,Posted: 18 April,all,Darby Ferrari,best writing since Psychonauts imobasically crime simulator 2000 with lots of style and interesting characters
,Recommended,481510,31227901,Posted: 18 April,all,James,"If I can get engaged into a game where in just a few hours I can recite most characters' names, then it's probably a good game.Story games are supposed to make this happen, and personally, a story that can tell multiple stories that each have great meaning and detail for them, is a good goddamn story."
,Recommended,481510,31212209,Posted: 17 April,all,Swiftpaw,Play it before tumblr completly ruins it.
,Recommended,481510,31212801,Posted: 17 April,all,Top Text,"This game is outstanding. this game beats a lot of the triple a games  this year. best parts about this game is the music, artstyle, humor and the atmospheric feel to it. one of the best game ive ever played and will be one of my favourite games to play"
76561198342782019,Recommended,481510,31222908,Posted: 18 April,all,Tenry,This is the best game of 2017 for me...good characters good story--oh man this is like the new undertale but whit GREAT fandom...I hope the fandom not gonna be ruined like UNDERTALEGREGG(:I'm gay) RULZ OK (no homo)▒▓▓▓▒▓▓▓▒▓▒▒▒▓▒▓▓▓▓▒▒▓▒▒▒▓▒▒▒▓▒▒▓▒▒▒▓▓▒▒▓▒▓▒▒▓▒▒▒▓▒▓▒▒▒▒▓▒▒▓▓▒▒▓▒▓▒▓▒▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▓▒▒▒▒▒▓▒▒▓▒▒▒▓▒▒▓▓▒▓▒▓▒▒▒▒▒▓▒▒▒▒▒▓▒▒▓▓▓▒▓▒▒▒▓▒▓▒▒▓▒▒▒▒▓▒▒▒
,Recommended,481510,31279924,Posted: 21 April,all,G_,"My favourite game I have ever played, hands down. Highly reccomend, this is a work of art."
,Recommended,481510,31268828,Posted: 20 April,all,tidiestflyer,absolutly loved it
76561198140785431,Recommended,481510,30278659,Posted: 2 March,all,RinOtaku12,"Best game I played in a long time!The artstyle, music and characters are absolutely beautiful.You really get emerged into the story and world of this game, it makes you want to explore every little bit and learn as much about all the characters as you can!I can only recommend playing it! But play it by your self and not by watching a letsplay because this is a experience you have to live through by yourself!"
76561198095660463,Recommended,481510,30268034,Posted: 1 March,all,Marjan,"Loved it, amazing game. Game of the year, I'm calling it!"
76561198071177076,Recommended,481510,30268183,Posted: 1 March,all,ToppieToffie,Precious. As. ♥♥♥♥.
76561198132602053,Recommended,481510,30269849,Posted: 1 March,all,ItsDatGuyAgain,This game was really good. It has good characters that can be relatable in a lot of situations. There's little mini games that you do while playing the game. And the story is pretty mysterious and great. Overall great game.
,Recommended,481510,30269407,Posted: 1 March,all,JAB,Very good and very relatable.Arm Wiggles/10
,Recommended,481510,30268712,Posted: 1 March,all,Air Bud 7: The Euthanasia Saga,"Oh my goodness. This game is probably one of the best games I've played since I got on Steam. If you like cute, story heavy, or atmospheric games, this is definitely a game for you. Absolutely love it."
,Recommended,481510,30267102,Posted: 1 March,all,Rev™,"Beafutiful game! The art style and story really sucks you in. Soundtrack is fantastic. Game play is smooth and easy to get the hang of, fairly easy on the eyes.Definitely a game that requires patience and exploration of every nook and cranny to get as much plot as possible."
,Recommended,481510,30268783,Posted: 1 March,all,Monkeyzon,I didn't think that a game about cartoon animals could hit so close to home... and boy was I wrong!
76561198017203599,Recommended,481510,30285992,Posted: 2 March,all,Epsilon Naught,gregg rulz ok?
,Recommended,481510,30288686,Posted: 2 March,all,trey1256,"to the people that play games just for playing games: this probably isn't for you (except there's a little minigame that you'd love ;)this is for those who love rich story in games, who can appreciate the beautiful style this game has to offer, the unique foundation set for telling such a great, charming, and (for some) relatable story.I'll gonna love this game even after it gets over exposed just like how Undertale didbut in the end, just remembergregg rulz, ok"
76561198037005387,Recommended,481510,30284598,Posted: 2 March,all,Lillypu,"#Crimes #Peerpressue.Still working on completing the game, but enjoying it so far."
,Recommended,481510,30280255,Posted: 2 March,all,space viking,Crimes? CRIMES!
,Recommended,481510,30302655,Posted: 3 March,all,gavιnтнezavιn,10/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/1010/10
76561198154988068,Recommended,481510,30302719,Posted: 3 March,all,Lady Quill,"My sister and I got this game and we played through it, doing voices for each and every character and the story drew us in, there are such emotional parts in this, I was moved to tears.The people that live in this world, in this game, they are so complex and I found myself wanting to know as much as I could about them.The scenes with Gregg and Mae or Gregg and Angus touched me in a manner that no game has ever been able to touch me before, and I found myself very much resonating with Gregg.If you are looking for a solid game, with wonderful characters, and an amazing soundtrack, I highly reccomend this game.I just wish it was longer. lol."
,Recommended,481510,30359797,Posted: 6 March,all,albertdotcom,"I'm not sure how to describe this game. It's basically a visual novel in the form of a 2D sidescroller. You learn about Mae's life while reconnecting with her friends after she drops out of college, and how things have changed. There's also an outrageous plot that accelerates very quickly over the last maybe 1/4 of the game. I loved it."
,Recommended,481510,30359848,Posted: 6 March,all,jaguar's soul,"This game is so good, so beautiful, so rich in both the story, the characters, the soundtracks... well, everything! I highly recommend playing this game if you haven't, you will absolutely not regret it. And I do not say that lightly; I'm highly picky when it comes to games, especially platform games. Where most people gloated about, say, Oxenfree, I was only met with disappointment. I don't mean to compare (and I'm sorry if I did anyway; I'm not a professional reviewer), but I thought the same thing was gonna happen with Night in the Woods. And I was proved dead wrong.I also apologise for repeating myself, but the game is downstraight well written, and playing it on your own will provide you with the best experience this game can give you, so do that. Buy it. Absolutely buy it.What's also funny is that the game is so relatable for a college dropout such as myself (except my parents were a bit harsher on that matter haha), and not only on that level! The having no friends bit during college, the self conscious bit, and even that one argument that Mae even had with her mother. I was like, ""damn, this game made for me or something?!"" It was just a really fresh story to go through for someone who is surrounded with highly succesful and conveniently attractive people. It's just, it's a beautiful game. Go buy it, right now."
,Recommended,481510,30353630,Posted: 6 March,all,Dekkasaurus,"Definitely, DEFINITELY worth playing if you're looking for a domestic world (with a flair for the supernatural(?)) to immerse yourself in! The characters were a BLAST to learn and uncover, from the main four, to the rats hidden in the buildings (yes, seriously).I'm normally the one to rush through the main story of a game so I can suck up all the plot, but with this one game, every time a new day started I had to check every place there was, even if nothing had changed. It was very interesting to see all the side characters evolve their story through short tidbits of dialogue. Unfortunately it seemed you could only really learn one of the three main characters, depending on who you wanted to hang out with. I chose for Mae to spend all her time with Bea, and man she was an interesting character.Overall, this game has barely any flaws. Everything ran smoothly, the soundtrack was immersive, the characters felt REAL, and the plot had its place. The only downside to this game is it seems some of the plot points weren't really tied up at the end, and the ending itself was abrupt and felt like it could've been placed better, but otherwise, amazing game!Sometime in the future, I think I'm going to replay and fill in the blank spots of the plot point and other character development.Definitely one of my favourite games to play in the past year!"
76561198140048049,Recommended,481510,30347849,Posted: 5 March,all,[LPS]Zentoyo,"First and foremost, the 20 buck seemed overpriced at first to me. But boy was it worth it.I could talk about a lot of good things this game has, but the main point is how sincere it is as a whole, and coherent. I know these words are abstract but its the fvibe it gave me.i ♥♥♥♥ing love this♥♥♥♥♥♥ probably ill play it againgreat mother♥♥♥♥ing job, i hope these guys keep making games, a lot of them(also, great use of silence in some situations, top♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,481510,31075664,Posted: 11 April,all,Moo Borowski,"Great game, which is much more am experience than a game, but it is a wonderful creation and I'd recommend it to everyone I know!"
,Recommended,481510,31009993,Posted: 7 April,all,A Resevoir Dog,"Jesus. I relate to this game so much. Especially since I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Bea off by saying what I thought. I relate to Mae on like, a spiritual level. An personality wise too.On to the actual review. Gonna update it as I play. So far I love the story and all these choices. I influence everything in the game. side note, while her poetry is lame I recommend listening to Selmers poetry.Update: Selma is seriously good at what she does and I am loving all of these choices. It's like telltales the walking dead but I can relate to almost all the situations. This story is literally taking up my life. It's so good that it's on my mind 24/7. Wish I had been able to fund it on kickstarter. The final chapter was weird. Not in a bad way. I was simply disappointed with the ending. It was still worth playing but the game legit just cuts to black and credits roll. I won't say where or any specific events but legit. 8/10 would have loved an actual ending."
,Recommended,481510,31071239,Posted: 10 April,all,Groggie Greg,Amazing game with incredibly real characters.
,Recommended,481510,31089895,Posted: 11 April,all,Dr. BOOM PHD titan.tf,"If you have $20 to spend, yet don't know what game to buy, at least consider this game. If your into games with funny characters, simple artstyles, and memorable quotes, then THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU. The game is pretty long, and if your one of those complitionists trying to get all of the achievements, then it's even longer. And that's not a bad thing! Gregg Rulz Ok"
,Recommended,481510,31089605,Posted: 11 April,all,NAStrahl,"It is very rare for me to come a game that can be called art.Don't be fooled the visuals. Night In The Woods is a game with deep and dark themes.My complaints are few:1. The visuals and transitions near the climax feels more anticlimactic.2. Having to go back and forth across the entire town can be a real chore with how slow Mae moves.3. I didn't get to learn about Angus's past and stuff, because I went to Gregg and checked out the Historical Society first.4. The mini-games (but not all) are really hard and there's no option to go through again if you do badly.5. There needs to be more than one save slot."
76561198339023974,Recommended,481510,31069851,Posted: 10 April,all,sjr,"i love this game but every time i play it i get to a certain point and the game crashes so i hope someone fixes this, i dont know how to fix it so it would be helpfull for me. but this game is awesome and please buy this game cause you will love it.  buy this game and you can have fun :D"
,Recommended,481510,31067232,Posted: 10 April,all,LiquidCat,"I just can't explain why this game is so amazing, it's like a slice of life/mystery thriller with a little bit of feels and amazing visuals.just my perfect indie game."
76561198045072510,Recommended,481510,31065469,Posted: 10 April,all,angelrion,It´s such a beautiful game with an excellent soundtrack from the start to the end.
76561198267519794,Recommended,481510,31067334,Posted: 10 April,all,carmasabtch,This game is amazing. It deals with a lot of serious topics but is also very joking and fun.
76561198042477798,Recommended,481510,31006936,Posted: 7 April,all,genuinehealing,god this was good
76561198268244625,Recommended,481510,31071393,Posted: 10 April,all,KillerFae,"This game was so good! I loved how relatable and likeable the characters were, including their character flaws. The story was interesting and really well put together. The animation was cute. I would definitely reccomend!"
,Recommended,481510,31072396,Posted: 10 April,all,Anthony Was Here,"This game is really fun, and I have fell in love with the characters. There is about 8 hours of play time completing the campaign the first time but finishing it 100%. I am definitely going to play this game again and try to get it 100% completed."
76561198159525170,Recommended,481510,31087058,Posted: 11 April,all,Karkitten™,"Dude OMG. This game was so amazing! The characters are great, the story is great, the murder was great, everything was great! 9999/10 would definitly recommend."
76561198142727772,Recommended,481510,31092380,Posted: 12 April,all,Märta,"This game. Is amazing. I love the story, the characters, the music, and the art. Highly recommend it if you´re interested in those things. I´d give it a 9.5/10"
76561198052500069,Recommended,481510,31090032,Posted: 11 April,all,CyberUsagi,"Just beat the game a bit ago and immediately starting playing again to get different stuff! This game is one of a kind and absoultely something I would recommend to someone if they just want a super chill game to set yourself into. The characters and even the ''non-important'' ones all have their own personalities and all leave an impression on you. This game's town, Possum Springs, is apparently based off a town in Pennsylvania and I'm from PA and the environment feels like I could be at home which is weird and cool at the same time.Yes, the games' mechanics and flow may seem the same a lot of the time but it's story, characters, AMAZING soundtrack, and charming style is what make this pull through and be a thriving and outstanding game! The game also gets away with no voice acting. That was maybe one thing that I wish it had but after watching Jacksepticeye play a bit, the voices that he made for the characters were just playing in my head the whole time. The dialogue between all the characters are perfect and delightful.Mae is a trash mammal and Bea is bae though <3"
76561198088666701,Recommended,481510,31092701,Posted: 12 April,all,Somebody,"This game is a masterpiece, like seriously. There is nothing bad to say about this game, the story in this game is awesome. And the only reasonable thing that I can say about this game is just...WOW."
76561198054749776,Recommended,481510,31476622,Posted: 30 April,all,Bacent Rekkes,THIS GAME WILL UNLOCK YOUR A$$!
76561198385946982,Recommended,481510,31790849,Posted: 16 May,all,Queen0fAngels,Love Night in the Woods. You can make your own path and who you spend your time with. You can replay the game and get more out of the story. I have been combing this game and have found the smallest things that lead to a bigger story. Enjoyed relaxing and falling in love with the characters.
76561198114639410,Recommended,481510,31790368,Posted: 16 May,all,definitely dom,"Not gonna lie,Bought for the soundtrackincredible music, cant stop listening!"
76561198199612307,Recommended,481510,30111103,Posted: 22 February,all,Trixiepasta,"For many, the biggest draw to Night In The Woods is the stellar (figuratively and literally) art style and music, and it fully delivers on that. In a mostly slice of life story, the setting and characters do their best to portray a bittersweet world, with a grab bag mix of joy, depression, and everything in between.I took my time talking to as many townspeople as I could, but even then I can tell there's a lot I missed out on. Some may find it frustrating to not be able to know everything, but the world of Night In The Woods is one that continues to move on without you. Choices you make don't always affect the main plot, but that doesn't make them meaningless. Different scenes offer different insights into the characters' lives, and depending on who you hang out with, you'll get to know some characters better than others. If you're paying attention, there are lots of little connections you can figure out on your own that the game won't spell out for you.If you're expecting to get a whole wiki's worth of information from one playthrough, you're probably not going to be completely satisfied with the cryptic and partial answers the game provides, but I believe it shows you enough to let your imagination run wild. If you like the tone and characters in games such as Oxenfree or Life is Strange, you'll probably enjoy Night In The Woods, but if you don't like games like that, this might not be the game for you.I'd recommend this game to anyone, but if you're on the fence, try out the supplementary games and you'll get a good idea of what the game has to offer."
,Recommended,481510,30113510,Posted: 22 February,all,Private Skittles,"I just wrapped up my first playthrough of the game, and while it feels short. I also feel that there are some areas that I could replay of see more of.Regardless, from what I got from my first time through, this was an amazing tale really struck a chord with me.The anxiety and uncertainy of the characters with the undertones of faith and hope make for a bittersweet plot with engaging characters that I really was able to make a connection with.Gameplay wise it is a bit light, but this is a game that is more about the story, and I feel that I got my money's worth for such an heartfelt tale."
,Recommended,481510,30113645,Posted: 22 February,all,WOOMY,"Night in the Woods is an amazing creation.It's one of the few games that actually makes you feel, and even more importantly,careabout the people in the world with you.   The level of emotions that it brings out is impressive.   There're so many layers at work within this game that it makes it hard not to love.It's deep, and it'll make you feel.Prepare for it."
,Recommended,481510,30114088,Posted: 22 February,all,RobotChoice,This game is amazing and awesome!
76561198068806175,Recommended,481510,30113127,Posted: 22 February,all,counttheshadows,"Perhaps my favorite game of all time - will get back to you on that. This game is so... real. So relatable, heartfelt, and genuine. It's existential as all get out, addressing the apparent vapid facade of life and living. This game isn't for everyone, but if you are one of those who enjoy this sort of experience, it's nothing short of amazing. The music is bloody fantastic, and the artstyle too. This game oozes a style and idiosyncratic atmosphere that is spellbinding. I hope it gives you as much joy as it did me."
,Recommended,481510,30102724,Posted: 22 February,all,Bob,"It's a really great experience.  If you enjoy going around and examining things just to read interesting dialogue then go ahead and buy this game.  The characters are great and the stories behind them are pretty interesting.  You have a choice to either hang out with one of them too.  The game has some platforming elements to it, some simple puzzles, and some interesting mini-games you can play.  If you are not satisfied, play the game a little bit and you'll eventually find a game that's played within the game and it's not a small game at all there are quite a bunch of levels to go through.  After waiting years for this game to come out, this game is just worth it. I also have to mention that the art is just gorgeous and it can be really atmospheric.  The writing and dialogue in this game is just well pieced together.   I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys stories, puzzles, some mini-game-like events, platforming and mystery.  The developers did a really great job crafting a game like this."
76561198165783619,Recommended,481510,30102848,Posted: 22 February,all,JewFroEnthusiast,"A very beautiful game with great flow regarding dialogue, paced very well. overall a good time with a great soundtrack"
,Recommended,481510,30128051,Posted: 23 February,all,Cole Zaveri,"This game is a ride, I will first say that there isn't much paranormal going on, it's mostly near the end weird things happen, but honestly that's not bad, this game has so much personality and lots of characters you can connect with. The soundtrack is also amazing. Everything about this game is purely amazing.The story is that you are Mae, a college drop out who returns to possum springs. You try to rekindle your friendship with some old friends, but then some weird stuff starts to happen, Mae eventually gets curious and trys to figure out what is going on. There isn't much else to say but that this game is the 2017 Undertale, it is an impact, it's amazing.PROS-Amazing characters with amazing personality-Amazing soundtrack-Very alive world and atmosphere-For no voice acting, the dialougue is amazingCONS-I wish this was longerI highly recommend Night in the Woods as a must own atm, not to mention it's $20, if it's on sale that would be disgraceful because of how awesome this is!PS: Greg Rulz"
76561198000652724,Recommended,481510,30128448,Posted: 23 February,all,cityfires,"I enjoyed every moment I put into this game. The sense of humor and charm was constantly surpising to me, and I was excited every time I got to interact with a new thing in the game.You spend most of the game strolling/hopping through the game's small town, and I was always eager to get back out there and see what everyone was up to. And I was constantly finding new things to look at or places to explore when I went off the expected path to my next main story beat. They also mix up their ""minigame"" mechanic in a ton of different ways that almost always made me chuckle.The story structure of the game feels pretty similar to other games you might group this with: something like a Gone Home or a Firewatch. You have a character working through some personal issues while investigating some sort of bigger external mystery. While I think it all progresses and ends really nicely, I could imagine some people are less thrilled with the way it all wraps up. Once I was about half way through the game, I didn't care how it ended: I just wanted to see whatever this game had to offer.This is a story that feels like it can be really important to you if you're dealing or have dealt with the issues presented in this game. Walking through Mae's mental process about her situation was really helpful in helping me recontextualize some of the things I'm dealing with.I finished the game with a different sort of view about some things in my own life. And I think that's just about the best compliment I can give a game. Thanks for the journey IF."
76561198203198272,Recommended,481510,31026442,Posted: 8 April,all,dietdrkelp,"Night in the Woods manges to consistently impress over the course of its 6-8 hour story with a genuinely interesting narrative and some of the funniest, most well-written dialogue I've seen in a game. A fleshed-out cast of memorable, endearing characters to spend time with make the game a surprisingly heartfelt and ultimately satisfying experience."
76561198378945215,Recommended,481510,31054159,Posted: 9 April,all,FMAwesome,"You will laugh a lot, and then you will cry, then you will laugh, then you will cry for like an hour or so, and then you will get the♥♥♥♥♥♥scared out of you, and then you will wonder what the hell just happened."
,Recommended,481510,31053610,Posted: 9 April,all,Khazzy \m/,"Ok, so I didn't play this game totally blind. I saw Jacksepticeye's playthrough of this first, then Commander Holly's, cause I hadn't been able to pay for the game yet. When I got my weekly paycheck, I got this game as soon as I could. (RESPONSIBLE ADULT STUFFZ)This is also my first review, so hopefully it doesn't seem too horribly written.Been playing quite a bit (rarely anything else) and I'm hooked as all hell. This game is very story-rich and has a multiple dialogue options feature (the former being something I really enjoy in games, the latter which, although doesn't change much throughout the game, is still good for getting a bit of lore).I'll try to make this short:I heard about this game quite a bit since it was released, and heard a few people compare it to Undertale (I see no comparison or similarities, personally). And while I enjoyed Undertale immensely and consider it the best indie game of 2015 that I played, next to Ori and the Blind Forest at a close second, this game, admittedly, hooked me more than that did, The story is amazing, the characters are charming and hilarious at times, and even though I never lived in a small town, the themes of the game struck so close to home that it almost hurt sometimes. I'll definitely be trying to play this game a few more times, so as to get different endings and figure out more details.One thing that hit me a bit hard was Mae's seemingly carefree attitude towards any kind of adult responsibility, because it compared to my financial habits a bit. I've been a bit unwise with money purchases recently, prioritizing stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥in front of important things like rent and such, sometimes. She reminded me a bit of myself: gradually becoming smarter with life, but sometimes desiring to go back that old youthful (and sometimes childish) carefree outlook I used to have at around 14. Wanting to see my old friends, do stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥together.The gradual descent intothe whole Lovecraftian-horror-cultist-miner-worship thing may have thrown off some people I know, along with other people who have played the game, but being a fan of H.P. Lovecraft I enjoyed that little insertion, although I will admit it was just a tad ham-fisted, and even with the minor details you discover about the Black Goat throughout the game, I wish they would have elaborated more on that theme, because IMHO it would have made the game a lot better, if they did it right.So far my only qualm is that I wish they had an ""Angus hangout"" option. Maybe I just haven't discovered it yet, but it would be nice to know more about the adorkable guy.Also, the gameplay sometimes borders on monotonous, but the story and the interactions with the many characters in the game world distracts me enough to not pay attention to it a lot. I enjoyed the little Guitar Hero-esque minigame, though, along with the other minor activities included within.Last note: Demontower is ridiciously addictive, more than a dungeon-crawler should be. They should make a separate game of it. It was awesome to see how seamlessly they included it in the main game.I wish I could say more about this game, but it's hard to put into words, and hard to write a review about,  so I'll do a quick TL;DR breakdown:Story: 9/10Characters: 10/10Gameplay: 7/10Worth the price?: Absolutely.My favorite indie game of the year so far.GREGG RULZ OK"
76561198332578129,Recommended,481510,31054983,Posted: 9 April,all,Dankashuii,One of the best games I've played in awhile.
,Recommended,481510,31099406,Posted: 12 April,all,Scape,"One of the greatest indie games this year, and last year. Would absolutley recommend it to people who likes a slow paced and story focused experience. Though it can't get too slow sometimes, that's why i wouldn't recommend it to people who likes fast paced gameplay as a focus."
,Recommended,481510,31107740,Posted: 12 April,all,[WEB] Last Wolf,"Well, this game you play in the skin of a 20 year old girl who goes through mysteries and misadventures.He has an incredible story and makes you want to play again and again, and not end there! There are more extra content that the developers have left for the players, and that's cool, players who like dynamics will not like this game because it's a game of chat, not shooting or running.I had a lot of fun playing and zeroing it out five times.10/10"
,Recommended,481510,31090294,Posted: 11 April,all,Your Local Zilla,"This game is definitely on my top list of games for 2017. This game is well-written along with lovable characters, I find the art style unique and this game has a really good and soothing soundtrack. I honestly didn't expect I would enjoy Night in the Woods a lot at first. I'd say this game is worth buying for $19.99 and I highly recomend it.alsoGregg rulez ok."
76561198364764247,Recommended,481510,31100964,Posted: 12 April,all,celestialflower,"I don't have any wonderful things to say about Night in the Woods that have not been said many times already, but I will tell you, all those wonderful things are true, and then some. It's a beautiful work of art that elevates not just its players, but the medium of video games itself."
,Recommended,481510,31097575,Posted: 12 April,all,Commissar Hamster,"still one of the greatest games I have ever played, if you have not played it yet just do it, don't let your dreams be dreams."
,Recommended,481510,31110053,Posted: 12 April,all,☆ J e s t e r T h e F o x x x ☆,"Before I start, yes I am a furry. But don't let that put you off buying this game.The characters relate to me on so many levels, especially Gregg, always hyper and man. lol.The setting is so humble, and welcoming... which is rare for games to do these days.Also, the market is flooded with platform style games like this, but this is one of the good ones.So if you're thinking of buying the game, do it. c;"
,Recommended,481510,31110019,Posted: 12 April,all,NOCTOURNA,"Amazing, fantastic, fun! I can't say enough great things about this game! Also, if you would like to try them out, there are suppliment games on Itch.io. They came out as teasers before the game was out, but they are still fun. They also give a deeper look into the lore of the game."
,Recommended,481510,31285458,Posted: 21 April,all,ymmij,"A game that hits home in so many different ways, honestly left me speechlessHighly recommend"
76561198305292272,Recommended,481510,31288073,Posted: 21 April,all,arthurthegatekeeper,"Amazing story, adorable design, solid replay value and The most adorable queer bear fox and cat i've ever seen. Theyre like so real??? And i loved it??? The guitar parts super hard but the musics good! I love it. please play."
,Recommended,481510,31294526,Posted: 22 April,all,Oxycrate,Really great game. The ending was a bit of a trip though.
,Recommended,481510,31295126,Posted: 22 April,all,KITTY,"this is an incredible game and it has minigames and a very deep story but nothing compares to the art style which i personaly love, although the game may be short it can easily be played a bunch of times without getting boring. I love this game and i recommend it to anyone."
76561198256401848,Recommended,481510,31294451,Posted: 22 April,all,lindsey.bunte,"So cute, so cool, excellent music and dialogue, compelling characters and setting, a true work of art!"
,Recommended,481510,31278333,Posted: 21 April,all,Fluffyparfait,buy it.
76561198129243672,Recommended,481510,31245427,Posted: 19 April,all,TwiliTetra,"This is a really great game. If you like games like Life is Strange, it's like a smaller version of that with way more charm. It has great story, great characters, and great music. The gameplay might be a little boring for some people. It's mostly walking around your hometown finding secrets and talking to people, but the dialouge is so good and the atmosphere can go from relaxing, to funny, to straight up anxiety inducing. There are heartfelt moments with the characters, but unlike a lot of games with in depth character dialouge (like fire emblem or persona) it doesn't feel forced. Ever. The characters are very realistic, (despite being animal caricatures) and can be relatable at times.  There's an occasional rhythm game that a lot of people find frusturating, but I found it's easier if you change the controls for it from numbers to arrow keys. And if you don't like your rating you can always X out and the game will place you right before the start of it. And if at first you find the game's going too slow, give it a chance. Don't look up anything about it. Make sure to look at everything multiple times, talk to everyone multiple times (it's almost always different) and enjoy the music."
,Recommended,481510,31268918,Posted: 20 April,all,NeonSlash,I cried at the end. Not many games can do that. Its like the lovechild of Undertale and Life is Strange. Its amazing. ♥♥♥♥ing buy it. End of story.
76561198258178099,Recommended,481510,31315916,Posted: 23 April,all,white_tail2012,"I just finished Night in the woods today. It took me 14.8 hours to complete over the course of a week, And it was all worth it! Such an amazing game, with little mini stories just off from the main story, and loads of different characters with incredible personalities. I spent most of my time with Gregg and Germ. But I wish I spent more time with Bea, but I just feel like Gregg needed more attention due to his spotty relationship with Angus, but that's just how I felt. It could be completely different to someone else playing this game. I recommend this game to anyone who is keen for a little adventure and Mystery. 10/10"
,Recommended,481510,31327993,Posted: 23 April,all,Arborpunk,"Great game, worth a play and DEFINITELY worth buying the soundtrack. The art was gorgeous and I loved the characters. I really enjoyed the first portion of the game where you're just running around town day after day talking to people and hanging out when one of your friends. Some situations are really sweet and sometimes they are hard, painfully relatable situations. Once it gets into kind of the ending portion of the game, the plot that picks up is kind of.....ehhh. As others have mentioned, it is on the vague side and I don't think it wrapped up particularly satisfactorily. The rest of it was so great though that I can easily ignore the 'meh' events and ending.The only other thing to mention is this laggedwaymore than I would have guessed, especially when there were a lot of (cool!) visual effects going on so something to keep in mind for older computers."
,Recommended,481510,31326194,Posted: 23 April,all,Dollity,"If you like a game with a good story and multiple ways to have a fun journey through a game, I really recommend this game. Just completed it with 8hrs as my record so far and I see myself playing it again doing things differently to see what else it unlocks. I honestly fell in love with the characters and you catch yourself relating to some of the characters as well. (Angus being my FAVORITE) There is quite a bit of reading in this game but it honestly makes it even more worth it. There are many funny moments and some sad ones that you'll experience through.I seriously give this game multiple thumbs up."
,Recommended,481510,31332336,Posted: 23 April,all,Lavender,Crimes.
,Recommended,481510,31350921,Posted: 24 April,all,Porygon24,"After fully extracting everything this game has to offer, and I mean the full 100%. Night in the Woods is a beautiful game utilizing it's own unique style to create a truly emotional experience. Combined with it's minimal yet attractive artstyle, excellent soundtrack, and memorable characters which add onto the game it creates a fun experience. All of it being bundled up in a story which many may find relatable.Although that does not come without it's faults. The game, although enriched with an expansive experience, may tend to be slow at some points. Along with that there are some areas which personally felt empty which Night in the Woods did not seem to capitalize on.In conclusion, Night in the Woods is a memorable game connecting the emotional points of everyday life to create a world unique to it's own.Rating 8.7/10P.S. Beat Demontower"
