user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,482300,23343562,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,NaturalGlitch,"This is a lovely looking walking simulator. You're never in real danger: the enemies are in the cutscenes and can never harm you in the gameplay. The only time I almost felt threaten was when the steam hit my character, but I'm not even sure that did anything but put blood on my screen. Tom (the main character) just walks it off, much like the radiation poisoning. Yeah.In the demos, you could find weapons to use. A whole action scene that showed off the combat was scrapped (I remember the area having a shotgun and a little skirmish right after). I'm not saying that the lack of guns means it's no fun; I mean there no variety in the gameplay. (For example, something like using the shotgun to blast open a door, only for the loud noise to attract the weird radiated rock-spiders that, even with a weapon, the player has little chance of winning a confrontation with it. The door, of course, would've been openable by something else, but the shotgun would've provided the easiest way to opening it.)It could've been nice to use the environment in any way (outside of picking up boxes and setting them back down—gently) outside of just looking at pretty objects. Everything is bolted to the ground; you can only push, pull, squeeze through and vault up/over things when the game tells you that you can, and once you do, there's no going back for reasons.All of the puzzles can be solved in seconds; they're rarely above ""door needs key; find the key in other room; open door."" There is only ever one path to go on, and the only ever branching path leads to the key/steel pipe/hand wheel/whatever you need to use to open a door.This game is going to be perfect for the click bait LP'er crowd; things just happen to our character in loud, blaring noises to only cut to...more hallways to walk into triggers.The spiders look ridiculously low poly. Everything in the game is stock assets from CryEngine (even the main character who sometimes has a beard and sometimes not). The camera likes to wiggle around and stick to shots of the stock animals from the original engine when it tries to be ""cinematic"" or ""epic.""This is a very nice looking but boring game. Pretty much everything in it comes with CryEngine (and you can blatantly tell the custom assets right away).The game runs very smoothly."
76561198067002281,Not Recommended,482300,31762803,Posted: 14 May,all,Myantro,Before I tell you about the things which I disliked about this game. First let me tell you that it isn't all bad. The time & effort which went into it's level design is astounding for a small development team. I believe a large amount of my play time would go down to me just trying to set up the perfect screenshot. It is all the other factors in the game which have led me to give this game a thumbs down.Investigator is not only listed but described as a horror game. It plays more like a walking simulator with a few cheap jump scares during the cutscenes though. The storyline is brief. Explained only in the opening credits & then forgotten about more or less with very little dialogue as to what's really going on. Controls are overly simplistic & as breathtaking as it's environments may be it's character designs were poor in comparison. And apart from setting up the angles on my screenshots the bulk of my game was spent running though. Just trying get it done & over with. No hesitation of whether I should go into the next room or not. Nothing to keep me on my toes. In all honesty I don't think it would even be possible to lose. These are the things which have led me into giving this game a thumbs down. I hope this review helps you with your purchase.
76561198048974498,Recommended,482300,23926414,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,rjmacready,"Only us honest-to-God, hardcore horror gamers truly appreciate that most great horror games depend heavily upon the SCENERY, and the player's compulsion to explore said scenery. There's a few exceptions, of course: Five Nights at Freddy's, for example, essentially takes place within the confines of a single, tiny office (though with the aid of cameras, one can take a peek at a number of other locations besides). But in 98% of occasions, horror games arguably live or die by the ""spookiness"" of their environments, and Investigator certainly gets off to an amazing start in this department.The very first thing you'll notice about this game is, in fact, the visuals. An instant ""whoa"" from my mouth, I gotta say, and I wasn't even playing at top graphics (I tend to hold off and find out how laggy a game is gonna be 'til I commit to such heights). The sound is quite gob-smacking also, as I found when I wandered under the plastic roof of a greenhouse in an abandoned farmyard, and admired the vividly-realised raindrops pitter-pattering overhead. All around, an instantly immersive experience, which could perhaps be improved only by the presence of a VR headset.But what about the STORY, I hear you ask? And the GAMEPLAY, for ♥♥♥♥'s sake? Okay, okay, I was getting to that. Um...okay...honest truth? They're both pretty close to non-existent.When all is said and done, this is essentially a ""walking simulator"" in which you can't really die - well, okay, there was one fatal jump I failed to make, but this only set me back a couple of metres of gameplay - and none of the danger you appear to be in (crazy masked dudes with guns, giant spiders, various weather-based forces of nature) is particularly time or skill-dependent, as the game simply shifts to a cut-scene whenever your character needs to be nimble enough to make a desperate getaway.All of this might be perfectly acceptable, if only the story was involving enough to feel like a bona fide ""experience"". As it is, there's almost bugger-all suspense once you realise you're basically strapped safely into a very linear rollercoaster ride with virtually no chance of derailing; and on the whole, there doesn't seem to be a great deal of reason why this is a video game as opposed to, say, a movie, as the interactivity is ultimately borderline inconsequential.Now, I recently gave a very praising review to a game called Layers of Fear, at which much the same criticisms could perhaps be leveled. But that game not only threw the odd semi-challenging puzzle at the player, but also somehow managed to make you feel like you were on a very personal and delirious ""journey"", whereas Investigator never seems to overcome an undeniable sense of detachment from events. Perhaps this isn't helped by the fact that we frequently get to SEE our protagonist, the back of whose head we zoom in and out when it's time to have a cut-scene portrayed in third-person. At least this little technique, along with the aforementioned graphics and sound, assures us that we're not just looking at some typical, lazy knock-off job by some European hack who got their hands on a copy of the Unreal engine roughly this time last week.Regrettably, though, the STORY could easily have been penned by any one of those bored bedroom warriors. Try this spoiler on for size:You're knocked unconscious and put in a cage by the aforementioned crazy dude with a shotgun. Suffice it to say, it takes you all of eight seconds to work out how to ESCAPE from said cage, thanks to a crowbar he's conveniently left within easy reach. Your attempts to flee from him then FORCE you to walk directly over the spilled contents of some radiation barrels (I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not)! He subsequently coaxes you to come his way because he can ""help"" you now that you've been infected with radiation; and given that you have little other choice, you foolishly walk right up to him so that he can knock you unconscious and put you in a cage a SECOND time.He pours some more glowing radiation liquid over your legs, seemingly endowing you with powers comparable to that of The Incredible Hulk, as you don't even need a crowbar to escape this time around; you simply kick your way free. He soon catches up with you a THIRD time, and before he can knock you unconscious yet, yet again...well, I won't actually tell you what happens next (it's actually kinda groovy, to be honest; though again, not especially plausible).Oh, and he manages to imprison you at least one more time later on, again leaving a convenient method of escape...with no further mention ever being made of your irradiated legs...and so on and so forth, 'til the cows come home.Look, I'm guessing you know by now whether you'd consider this a game worth buying or not, and for what price (I certainly wouldn't recommend full). It's a bit of silly and atmospheric fun, and certainly rather impressive on the technical front (especially for an ""indie"" game). I'm sincerely hoping, however, that these devs are looking to use this game to advertise their skills as audio-visual artists, as opposed to competent storytellers. There's also some irritations to be endured in regard to settings, etc. - i.e. you have to reset them every single time you play - and there's some minor lag and ""getting stuck on the scenery"" problems as well. But on the whole, it's a long, long way from the most insulting thing Steam has thrown at us die-hard horror fans in recent years.I wish the devs the best of luck, and hope that they use this game as the ""learning experience"" which I'm sure they'll be sensible enough to see it as. Not a bad effort at all, just not a particularly extraordinary one, and definitely not recommended to anyone who hasn't already enjoyed the far superior likes of Outlast, Amnesia, Alien: Isolation, Among the Sleep, etc etc, ad nauseum.Verdict: 7.5/10.(Oh, and PS: I probably failed to mention some of the most ludicrous ""jumping"" bits you're sure to experience this side of Cry of Fear; but these are fortunately few and far between.)"
,Recommended,482300,24298973,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,CrazyCanuck,"OverviewInvestigatoris an independently developed first-person horror exploration game, in which you play as a man named Thomas, who once was a police detective. You roam from place to place, seeking shelter from the vicious weather.That’s pretty much the gist of the story. After completing the game, I’m not quite sure what to make of it, as it’s more or less non-existent. 95% of the game is you by yourself, isolated from other people, until the last few levels, where you catch a glimpse of humanity, and proceed from there. All I know is there was some catastrophic weather event that basically eliminated the population, and put everyone else into a non-nuclear, non-zombie post-apocalyptic wasteland. I will admit, though, there is a nice twist at the end that I did not see coming.For a game developed by one person, it looks astounding. Using CryEngine, the world is lush and heavily detailed, and draws you into the world, which is what a good horror property should. Curtains and such billow, lights flicker with eerie glows being cast, and everything just has such a high level of detail, that you’d probably think it was a team of many people.Your character speaks Russian, and has English subtitles. Not being Russian, and not knowing anything about the language, I can’t say how good or bad the acting is, but I’m quite happy that the developer opted not to add English voiceovers; it makes the game feel more realistic. The rest of the sound, from the patter of what sound like footsteps, to harsh winds, to the crunch of the snow underfoot are all very well done. Between the amazing visuals and sound effects, if this game were available on the Vive or Rift, I would definitely play it again.I don’t like to use the phrase myself, butInvestigatoris definitely a walking simulator. The majority of your time will be spent walking (or running) from place to place and exploring. The game is very linear, and basically instructs you where to go by having your character look somewhere, or with some obvious lights. If you try to go where you shouldn’t, you’ll encounter invisible walls or locked doors, and if you find a door that you can actually open, then you know that’s the way to go. There are a couple of instances where you need to find an item or turn a valve to proceed, and one or two jump scares.Investigatoris rather short. I finished it in just over two hours, and that was exploring most nooks and crannies (remainder of my game time was letting the game run for cards). You can play the levels in any order, but there’s no reason to replay it once you’ve finished it.ProsAmazing graphics that portray a devastated worldWhat seems to be decent voice actingImmersive sound effectsSense of dread the entire game, with a good case of wtf is happeningCheap for its lengthTrading cards if you’re a collectorConsVery shortVery linear, so there’s no replay value once you’ve finished itPotentially interesting story that never gets explained and just kind of drops offSummaryWell worth it for such a low price,Investigatorwill appeal to those who like slow-paced explorative games, and those with a hankering for anything horror. I know that, as a horror buff myself, we have to put up with tremendous amounts of garbage to find the good, and I’m happy to say that this one here does not belong in the trash pile."
76561197997678124,Recommended,482300,25167074,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,fragkitten,"This title is definitely worth the price.Admitedly, I really didn't expect much from a $3 game. I completely misjudged Investigator and was pleasantly surprised with a solid story that had me playing from start to finish which is unusual for me and my short attention span. I have a lot of strong(and probably unpopular) opinions about the game.Things I liked:1. The story was interesting, although a little shallow. I got the jist of how the world became the way it was and who the pro/antagonists were, but I felt like there could have been more depth. This could have been easily accomplished with some notes placed here and there. Maybe a diary belonging to the bad guy?2. Stamina! I almost never ran out of stamina and I was sprinting everywhere I could. I always hate when games give you too little juice so to speak so I was thrilled to be able to run everywhere since there isn't much danger in the game anyway(walking simulator).3. Gnomes. They have a special place in my heart. That is all.4. Achievements add another small dimention to the game and give people who like to explore a cookie for finding all the cool things or just playing the story.5. Free DLC! This is a rare thing nowadays so I commend the Devs for adding more content at no additional cost to the customer. Thanks guys <3That being said, I have a few nitpicks:1. Head bobbing should always have a toggle in my opinion. Some of us get motion sick much easier than others. Although, it's not as bad in this game as it is in others, it only really becomes bothersome in small spaces.2. The camera movement in cutscenes. I felt like I was transported back to the 90's when the Blair Witch was released and the camera was swinging everywhere. Again, not fun for people who easily get motion sick. I managed to soldier through but it was tough.3. At one point you get a weapon and for some reason you can only walk at a snails pace with it. I don't understand this but it bugged me so on the list it goes. :P4. It doesn't save my video settings! Luckily it isn't a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to put them back, but I wish it could save them somehow when I exit the game."
,Recommended,482300,28961940,Posted: 2 January,all,GasMask,That's a very incompetent psycho if you ask me...
,Not Recommended,482300,32889310,Posted: 27 June,all,Covfefe,"Got this in my Explore queue and it seemed interesting enough to grab at about $0.77 on Summer Sale. It looks good and runs smooth, I'll give it that, but other than that it's got nothing going for it.It certainly isn't a survival game like it would have you believe when reading the presentation and the so called story makes no sense, it's just thrown in there as an excuse to keep you going forward (which is what most of the game is like, press W until you reach the end of the level). It's not even tied together and doesn't really add-up, you jump from one thing to another without any explanation or, apparently, reason. It's just bad and makes no sense at all. And whenever something happens, it's a cut scene, you don't get to play / act on it. You just continue to the next one and so on.This feels more like an engine / artwork demo than an actual game, and while it would seem tempting if you look at some screenshots and unexplainable high review ratings, there are quite a lot of better ways to spend your time and money, especially since its full price is about $6.00 (!). There must be a reason why you get an achievement for simply launching the game. :)Furthermore, it comes with two sepparate paid (!) DLCs: one is the generic soundtrack, which, trust me, you are not missing out on and the other is an extra map in which you do... nothing really. Walk around and if you find a present box, click on it. Nothing happens. Really, that's all. I honestly can't imagine any good reason why anyone would be interested in spending as little as $0.99 cents each for these DLCs. But, they are there...I understand this is a small independent release, and graphically it looks good, but as an actual game it fails and I can't recommend it even if it's on sale, it feels like a waste of time. Just look at some screenshots and save your money."
,Recommended,482300,23961792,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,DamageInc.,"I was expecting a lot more survival elements by the description.though i did sleep a couple of times it was scripted and i never ate anything in game .so the moving house to house for sleep and food is not really what the game is about .the game is quite linear and relies heavily on cutscenes .the graphics are very nice but everything has so much glare , even clothing glares :Preplayability will be dependent upon dlc or added story lines added into the game .quite short - start to end 2.1 hours ,which i could of went faster but i like to explore every nook and cranny .arachnophob's should avoid this titleStory Line: 7/10 the ending came fast and unexpected, not how i figured the game would end at all.Graphics: 8/10 alot of time and sweat went into level design ,there is still room for improvement.PriceLine: 7/10 fair priced but still wait for a sale to purchase.Scare-O-meter 3/10 few small jump scares nothing to make you♥♥♥♥♥♥bricks though .a fair game for the money . would i pay the full retail price for this release , probaly not .But catch it on sale it is worth a play through ,but you probaly wont play it again unless more content is added .this game with some additional direction could be quite good . will be watching it for additional content as i had concidered returning it but will keep it for further game play as the game gets additional content ."
76561197972729524,Recommended,482300,23687180,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Perus_TC,I enjoyed this one for the most part.The text delvery is a little off in most places and if your monitor is set a little dark you will have to lighten it up a bit as there is no Gamma setting.The story is fairly well done albeit the ending (so far)of the current story progression is a little disappointing.The graphics are nice considering it's an Indie title.The voices are russian with english subtitles(no big deal for me).Overall a pleasing experience with GREAT background music.I Recommend.7\10
76561198173606567,Recommended,482300,25974356,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,KeinSchiesse,"As far as ""Walking Simulators"" go (which this certainly is..) it creates a very atmospheric, immersive, and at times downright scary experience. Portions of the game will look great (the lighting, the cloth physics billowing in the wind especially..) and at other times look like garbage (the over-used spider models during cutscenes..) however the game overall crafts a surreal, spooky narrative as you elude a recurring antagonist and creep through dank, dilapidated settings.For whatever reason I feel like I have more player choice in this game despite it being a walking simular (which I am typically not a fan of...) although you are being bottlenecked toward the next story beat / area, the pacing of the game fits where other walking simulators may feel plodding and stuffy with their narrative.If you're looking for an immersive, affordable scary game that doesn't require too much frantic interaction on the part of the player I'd recommend it. Just be sure you know what tropes are present in the genre of walking simulators (i.e. no combat, very limited gameplay, etc...)"
,Recommended,482300,31735888,Posted: 13 May,all,CorvusCorax,"An atmospheric horror game that increases the number of horror-themed walking sims out there. Moreover, the game has a decent walkthrough time with its 5 hours for completion.The protagonist is a detective who is looking for shelter under extreme weather conditions. The initial cutscene - his ride from a station which is followed by an accident - is not thoroughly explained. I understand he is looking for a place to stay but there's not much emphasis on explaining the background. We are in the near future where global warming becomes an imminent danger as it greatly affects the population.Thomas, our hero, is a detective who happens to bump into someone he seems to know from his past. Johnny - a guy in a white mask with a military shotgun - plays with Thomas by chasing him regularly and unleashing some nasty spiders on him. The game is an interesting walking sim in the sense that there's a lot of action sequences but they play out in the form of cutscenes. We mostly just walk and solve some easy puzzles.The game was made with the use of CryEngine. Naturally, it looks stunning - I especially liked the outdoor areas with particular emphasis on the ones full of snow. They reminded me of Kholat several times. As mentioned above the game has a decent length and a free DLC also extends the playing time. This extra level includes some more details on the backstory and sees Thomas reach the end of his journey for good.Overall, I was satisfied with Investigator. The story was incoherent at times (I wish they could have elaborated on it) and while the voice acting is great the DLC does not contain any. Also, the main menu is unnecessarily bilingual (a language selection option could have been great) and beside picking ""low-end"" and ""high-end"" selection nothing else goes under the name graphics.If you like walking sims Investigator might just be a great purchase for you. If you are new to the genre perhaps picking Kholat is better - this, however, should also land in your cart later on."
,Not Recommended,482300,31133745,Posted: 14 April,all,virhonestum,"What I liked about the game:Good graphicsAtmospheric environmentRuns smoothlyGood premise for a storylineHowever, here is what I disliked about the game:Non-coherent storylineBad writingNo real sense of danger since enemies maily attack in cutscenesMany unnecessary cutscenesExtremely linear and easy (you just walk through a predetermined path; finding a key / cowbar in another room is as hard of a puzzle as it gets)Achievements for absolutely everything (story progression, scripted events, etc)SpidersOverall not that great of a game, but it could be worse."
,Recommended,482300,23729291,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,GG Gab,"See it as a walking simulator, don't expect too much gameplay, then you'll be fine. I absolutely loved the atmosphere, the nice graphics, and the top notch beautiful Russian voice acting."
,Not Recommended,482300,28210144,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Adam -V-,"This game has a lot of potential. The overall story is mediocre, the lack of interaction with objects is shaky at best, and the character development is essentially non-existent.Although,The developer spent a lot of time on the environmental details. The game is extremely linear, so you can only look and not touch for the most part. However, the scenery is GORGEOUS when you’re taking a second to look around.The lack of depth really turned me off. I didn’t feel like my actions mattered. There aren't a ton of decisions to make.My biggest complaint (besides the wonky graphical glitches) is that the hitboxes for objects that you interact with are HUGE. They aren’t precise, at all. Frictional Games (Developers of Amnesia, etc) set the standard for that. When I look at a shelf, I want to open that shelf, not the door 3 feet next to it.The sound is ordinary at best. It lacked ambience. The sound track was OKAY at points.Sound is the gap filler. Do it right.Overall 4/10."
,Recommended,482300,30341846,Posted: 5 March,all,N O O C X,"Do you like watching B-movies occasionally?Dreadful story, some uninspired jumpscares, ugly polygon spiders. Slightly oppresive in the best, dull and unintentionally hilarious in the worst cases. No, the game is certainly not the next grand shocker everybody is waiting for.Nevertheless Investigator has its qualities and even more it shines when it does NOT try that hard to be scary. Which is most of the time. While many walking simulators look beautiful, this one looks more like STALKER (that's why I've bought it). And it is pretty good at doing so. Considering the most probably low budget, interiors and exteriors look great and provide a very strong, in the best way somber and melancholic atmosphere. Seriously, if everything would be as good as the various environments, Investigator would be a fantastic game.Gameplay wise, well, this is a linear walking simulator with simple interactions and easy puzzles. Personally I like this genre a lot and had fun with Investigator, just don't be fooled by the trailer and expect something challenging. Regarding technics, I've had several minor graphic, physic and sound bugs. Nothing to worry about however.Verdict. Investigator is a small walking simulator with mostly underwhelming horror elements and a very engaging atmosphere. Play Investigator not for the horror, play it for the environments. If you don't expect too much, it is quite a good experience.7/10"
,Not Recommended,482300,23881830,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Harvester of Sorrow,"There's a very common saying, ""You get what you pay for"".  I got this game for $4 and it felt like a played a $4 game.  I would NOT, however, suggest to anyone paying for this game full price.So the game itself... It wasn't terrible... but it was far from great.. actually it's not great at all.  Boring really.  I'm giving it a thumbs down because I personally feel it could have been better.Let's talk about what the game did RIGHT.Pros:+ Graphics are pretty darn good.  For an indie title like this I was quite surprised.  Some areas in the game were lackluster, but for the most part, graphics were solid and lighting was great.+ A couple decent jump cares that got me pretty good.+ Smooth. No tearing or anything.... That's about all the pros I could really think of.Cons:- Here's my biggest con and I'm really curious to see if I was the only person who had this problem.  The game consumed 99% of my GPU the WHOLE time!  This was insane! I have an I7, 32GBs of RAM, GTX 970, and great cooling, but this game was making my GPU run at 60c-69c (140f-154f) non stop.  I've ran extremely GPU and CPU demanding games and have always had temperatures ranging from 110f to 125f under more intense loads than this game.- Another con was the enemies... There were only two: a dude with a mask and a S**T ton of spiders, and not even good spiders to be honest, these were some crap spiders, didn't even have eyes and moved like stiff cardboard.  At the the beginning of the game, it felt like this could be real promising, but once you come to the conclusion that ""this is it? this is the only thing I'm going to encounter"" the game quickly loses it's charm it had in the beginning.  It gets even more ridiculous when you come across this GIANT spider that roars like a dinosaur... I literally shook my head and thought wtf...- At the times the game did this forced camera perspective to force you to look at something the game thought was ""important"".Example: *Pool of blood on ground*Camera: ""WOAH LOOK AT DIS POUL OF BLOOOD ON THE GROUND, SUUPR SCARI RIGHT?!""ME: ""F**ks sake that's annoying, get off me camera, let me discover it on my own, please.""Camera: ""I CANT RISK U MISSIN THISS!!""(You get the idea).- Game does have it's occasional bugs.  My favorite one is if you jump on a surface of the game you're not suppose to jump on a square with the words ""No surface type - assign something to this"" appears where you're jumping and it's a good reminder that this game is clearly not finished.- Lastly, this is a walking simulator straight up.  You cannot die.  Running is the equivalent of an elderly person doing cardio.  The GOOD scares are few and far between making each moment until then a total drag.Conculsion:  If you want a well polished, FUN, apocolypse style, Russian, etc. type of game, just play Metro or STALKER.  This game just doesn't do it.  It quite possibly could have done well as a paranormal horror game, due to it's lighting and enviroments, but it's not, and I'm out $4 and 2 hours of my life."
,Recommended,482300,23855399,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Mobeeuz,"Investigator is the second game from Russia that I’ve experienced this week with fantastic atmosphere, and I find myself wanting someone to curate a list of the best that Steam has to offer. Although a walking simulator, it fits more into the horror genre with a bevy of ‘holy ****’ moments during your playthrough.The graphics are impressive, doubly so coming from a small indie team. Each new level of the game is varied and detailed, and asset reuse is at a bare minimum. A lot of love and attention went into their design, and the game benefits greatly for it. Playing over top of these expeditions is the beautifully haunting soundtrack by Nikolay Semenov, which is included for free. These pieces really help to sell the feeling of what is happening on-screen, and their melancholy notes have secured a place in my personal playlist.As a walking simulator, you can expect very little puzzle-solving, and I for one was fine with that. I place these type of games into a ‘slightly-interactive movie’ experience, and filling my time with logic-defying walls of convolution only serves to break immersion. If time-versus-money is an issue for you then I suggest you simply explore, it’s really the whole point of this type of game.There are a few things that mar an otherwise fantastic experience. First, the sparse dialog within the game is voiced completely in Russian with English subtitles. I have no problem with that, but your mileage may vary. There are also a few disjointed moments during the game where you are thrust from one point of view to another without any explanation. While many will just roll with the punches, it just breaks the story telling for me. Another wrinkle is that the various antagonists of the game show up for scripted events or jump scares, they are never really in a position to hurt you. This relegates the tension to a movie watching experience, and something you may not like if you’re a hardcore Outlast player.Investigator is a solid title, and it’s category should be enough to tell you what to expect. I would have liked to see background or side story points thrown in for those intrepid wanderers who scour the maps, but the imagery maintained enough beauty to remain rewarding. Overall, I found the experience to be far and above many other titles that profess to be ‘real games’, and look forward to what AdroVGames have in store for their next title."
76561198016661147,Recommended,482300,35150714,Posted: 23 September,all,☢LordMiki☢,"Really great game.Amazing atmosphere and music.Not sure for optimization, I have a decent PC and I played with *low-end* settings going from 30-60 fpsShort game, but really interesting, I enjoyed it, bought it on sale for only 0.60$, so so worthThe only thing I have no idea is story wtf happened, but will fined out ..."
,Recommended,482300,32165059,Posted: 3 June,all,bhcalcutta,"Basically a walking simulator with a few jump scares, not really a horror or an adventure.Reasonable story line and good graphics.Easily acheivable acheivements EXCEPT the football player one. The mechanics of this are immpossible, it's like trying to dribble a football 500 yards, over uneven ground, on your knees, with your hands tied behind your back. One slip and the ball ends up irritreivably stuck in a corner, or inside the damned tent, so then you have to start the level again, with 10 minutes worth of cut scenes that YOU CAN'T FECKING SKIP. I've wasted over 4 hours trying to get this to no avail. For this reason I'm marking this game down badly on points.Some levels you have to play twice to get all the acheivements55/100, Some parts will drive to mad.2/10 replay value, just for acheivements.Duration: 4-5 hours"
,Recommended,482300,26565020,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,-GEM- Ω Childofdagon,"Investigator a walking simulator sounds interesting but i expected nothing special. But it really is special with an awesome atmosphere and story, mysterious, dark and bizarre mind switching scenes but in an epic way i have to say. Lovely crafted level-design, it feels good to play the main character. Sometimes you have to find something or sneak around traps or enemies. A really good sound design and nice music, achievements to unlock and trading cards, the Dev also added a free Dlc.Reminds me sometimes on Kholat or Slender or Doorways also with really great graphics. The price is too low for this really good Ukraine Indie-game. I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,482300,23339068,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Quizzle,"Gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOvUIEgI4fE&feature=youtu.beInvestigator is a Russian atmospheric adventure game set in the year 2050 where the world is being ravaged by extreme weather conditions. The English subtitles are pretty good and aren't hard to understand. There are 10 ""levels"" in the game. You can choose to start the story in the middle if you so choose, these levels act as ""anchored save points"" as there are no actual save points in the game. The cinematography in this game is well done at some parts, notably the beginning of some levels and during interactions with certain objects.The user plays as Tom, an ex-investigator with a troubled past roaming detailed environments attempting to find a safe haven from danger. The engagements and progression of the adventure are a mix of puzzle and high energy events, mix that in with some JASON(the one with the mask) and you have this game. As you progress through the game Tom's objective and story become clearer.I should probably mention, there are some horror elements in this game.. Especially if you have fear of spiders or are claustrophobic or have a fear of drowning. A couple of jumpscares too.Things I dislike about this game are that the puzzles/scavenging are a bit too easy/uninteresting, the game is quite short and the game uses anchored savepoints.Investigator runs at 60 fps and isn't a laggy game by any means. It's using the CryEngine so if your graphics card can handle it, it's bootyful.All-in-all so far I am having fun with the game and am facing my fear of spiders."
76561198125528088,Recommended,482300,26504761,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,V. Lee,"Investigator was a very pleasant surprise, on sale for just 59 cents but definitely worth even the full price. Although it has some minor issues, the great atmosphere and excellent graphics make up for them. The game has a surprising amount of action and scares for a walking simulator. There's some nice attention to detail, and the colors, lighting, reflections and such make the graphics quite realistic (I especially like the look of wet surfaces). Not 100% photorealistic of course, but stands out from many other games. I don't speak Russian so I can't say much about the voice acting, but it sounds good enough to me. The English subtitles are good for the most part.There are some issues though; the subtitles are a bit glitchy (they reappear briefly after they fade out, also they don't seem to be always in sync with the dialogue), and the game doesn't remember your mouse settings (when you adjust the sensitivity, it resets the invert settings, and when you quit the game you have to set the sensitivity again the next time). There are no audio settings, and the music is rather loud (the soundtrack is good though). You also can't save, but you can load each level from the menu. And you never know when the game's going to put you in a new place, so you might miss some things to explore on the first playthrough. Sometimes you lose the ability to run, which is a bit annoying. Also your character's beard disappears at times.So the game could do with some polishing, but overall it's impressive for the price and I recommend it.+ Great atmosphere+ Excellent graphics+ Good music+ Good cutscenes+ Sufficiently scary+ Plenty of achievements+ Cheap~ Can't save (but you can start each level from the menu)~ No audio settings; music is a bit loud~ Sometimes you lose the ability to run~ Your character's beard disappears at times- Doesn't remember mouse settings- Subtitles are glitchy4/5"
76561198074602603,Recommended,482300,29882137,Posted: 12 February,all,Henrimagne,"I would describe ""Investigator"" as a short walking simulator with horror elements.It is a fun game with beautiful graphics and easy controls.As a former detective you are roaming a post-apocalyptic landscape in search of food and shelter.  You encounter strange and unnatural things and meet other survivors.The game is in Russian with English subtitles, however, the spoken parts are not that many and most of the time you will be alone.It is not a shooter game, but in one of the later levels you will be carrying a weapon for a short while and a few shots will be fired.""Investigator"" is about exploration and getting out of horrible situations, with a few minor puzzles involved.  It is definitely a jump scare game.This game was beautifully done.  You can finish the game in 3 or 4 hours, but if you are intent on exploring every nook and cranny (like me), it will take a few hours more.  I found the story gripping and simply kept going until I reached the end.  ""Investigator"" gets my vote."
76561198369359741,Recommended,482300,33876948,Posted: 29 July,all,partisan,"It's a nice little game, the atmosphere is sinister, the environment is very detailed.The music is nice, fitting to the story.I recommend the game, although I've had some technical difficulties with it.My PC meets the recommended requirements but the game doesn't run smoothly, even at low settings it lags.Had to choose 'Low End PC' and set resolution to 1366x768.That made it playable, however in the cut scenes the video and the audio are still out of sync. Not sure why.But altogether it is a great game if you enjoy spooky walking sims."
,Recommended,482300,28173113,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Anson,"This is a post-apocalyptic game set in eastern europe/russia. It has beautiful graphics, wonderful atmospheric sounds, and some good jump scares. For the price of the game (which i got on sale too for 0.50) this game really is great value for money. The game rewards exploration, has a few puzzles and an interesting story with some quick time events. The game also comes with trading cards and achievements!FINALLY MAKE SURE YOU GO ON A GNOME HUNT :))"
,Not Recommended,482300,31724591,Posted: 13 May,all,Valkol,"2/10Paid .77 cents for it, spammed spacebar nonstop for 39 minutes to walk faster... Not a fun game.If i was a college professor grading student projects id give this game a C+ for effort...This game is the very essence of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games on Steam, no effort was made to make a story line or any gameplay elements. You just run from one cutscene to the next trying to make sense of everything.This is neither Immersive nor Horror... this isnt even a game."
,Recommended,482300,26327797,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,argoon,"First the good things:1 - Looks fantastic makes very good use of Cryengine2 - Has support for 3D monitors3 . Voice acting is not bad even if is in russian, reminded me of stalker and metro.4 - You can see the body of your character5 - Music is very nice6 - Animations look professional7 - Atmosphere is creepyNow the bad stuff:1 - Story is very confusing, finished the game without knowing why the guy hated me and why there's gigantic spiders2 - Spiders are very low poly compared to the rest3 - Spiders are not really a true danger, missed oportunity4 - Some bugs that should not happen, like missing surface types errors5 - To much stuff happening in cutscenes that should have happened with gameplay by the player.6 - Redundant cutscenes that don't really give much to the story7 - To much head bobing for the player and specially cutscenes8 - subtitles are confusing because old ones stay on screen when new ones show9 - Ocusional use of invisible walls to prevent player movement instead of natural barriersI bought the game at very low price 1.49€ so for this price i can't say i paid to much, and i can't really let go of recomending the game, at this price you aren't really being robbed, for the contrary, but is a indie game true and trough and it shows, the potencial is there the developer or developers show they have talent, they just need to improve a litle more on the gameplay side."
,Not Recommended,482300,24153366,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ZiCell,This game tries so hard to impress it forgets to make sense.
76561197992767480,Recommended,482300,25288469,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,-NRU-  Jelly,Amazing!! this game that kept me hooked the whole way through.The Soundtrack and the Voice Acting are better than most triple A titles.Highly recommend for anyone looking for a great story driven short game!!
,Recommended,482300,33438027,Posted: 10 July,all,Shayan,It is recommended but remember this is not a horror survival game. Just a walking simulator.
76561198105445916,Recommended,482300,33880910,Posted: 29 July,all,Fugitive Mind,"This game is exactly as described - a walking simulator with a few jump scares. The presentation of the plot is delivered well, though the story itself isn't that interesting or cohesive. It's quite buggy (e.g., the fuse box part, for instance), particularly if you play with a controller, but the bugs are easy to look past.The graphics are incredible. I found myself enjoying the fact that this was a walking simulator just so that I could enjoy the scenery. Also, the achievements are cleverly implemented and I enjoyed trying to earn them all.At such a low price, I think this game is definitely worth it if you don't mind slow-paced movement with little gameplay. Pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,482300,35452220,Posted: 3 October,all,Cutie Patootie,"GameplayTo be really honest its just walking and collecting items and you just click to use them at the appropriate places. The puzzles are not that good but it is scary in terms of jump scares. The game is very short and I finished everything in 3 hours I think. Definitely play the DLC since that would give you closure of the story. I liked the ending of the DLC and was content regarding that.Story]The story is totally disoriented I played the game believing that it was after the end of the world like an apocalypse, I liked the fact at least some humans are thrown in the game and it is pretty intriguing and keeps your curiosity going. The DLC changes everything in the main game- what you percieved and thought I guess.GraphicsNeedless to say for laptops be warned that you need to change the game's graphic processor in order to play. The graphics were beautiful and I really loved the different locations- needless to say the best job was done here in this aspect.SoundtrackI loved the wonderful music it was suspensful at times and soothing when needed.RecommendationTotally wish we could get some in depth info on to the story more from by collecting notes or journals anything. A nice inventory would have been nice for the game. And I personally wish it was longer and was more emotional. More background information about the characters are needed. If there is a sequel of some sort other than the DLC I'd happy to play it"
76561198054768172,Recommended,482300,35351695,Posted: 30 September,all,BobS++,"This game has much potential but not all were used (probably because it's their first game), the graphics are looking good but the walking of the 2 npc's gave me a feel like i was playing s.t.a.l.k.e.r .The puzzles were too easy, i didn't had to look twice to figure out how to get to the closed room,the jumpscares were meh maybe because it was all too obvious that and this is going to happen.The story was very good, thats what kept me going on in the game but the protagonist never gets heavily injured, i mean he falls down a 20 meters high hole and everything he says is ""argh"", in a closed room about 20m² big he has to use a stick of dynamite to blow a metal door away, the explosion occured like 10 meters away from you with no cover and all he said was ""could've been worse"" but like i said this game has much potential but not all were used. The spiders (robots) looked from the beginning very graphic lacking for the max setting and also with a moment where you've gotta run away from an chasing giant spider woul've been pretty shocking. The story is a little confusing, the next moment you are high up on a bridge structur when a giant♥♥♥♥♥spider appears i mean he really was a big ♥♥♥♥ of an arachnida when he ran into the bridge and made it collapse where to try to proceed on the damaged bridge to only have it collapse again to wake up in a very different place, i mean duh, why not at least snow right? Also you can (if you want to) find some gnomes which of some funny placed. The option menu was a little lacking but acutally everything you need was there.All in all it was a fine game and i hope to see more of the new devs. also c'mon it just cost me 1,99€ you can afford it too."
76561198045139911,Recommended,482300,28068214,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Skyler,"Graphics and details look wonderful, and voice acting and game environment also. But need better story line and things to do in the game."
76561198052273472,Recommended,482300,31866067,Posted: 20 May,all,SappyZania,Wow! Surprising that for this price it is such a beautifully well detailed game! I enjoyed it.
,Recommended,482300,31593102,Posted: 6 May,all,BombCruise,"A short, linear, atmospheric walking sim with a pretty mediocre narrative but it does look pretty most of the time. The sound design and lighting do a good job of creating an eerie, tense atmosphere but once you realize how the game works you know you're never actually in danger. As a lot of the ""action"" outside of walking, clicking things and some platforming happens in little cutscenes. The platforming parts can also be a little clunky but not the worst I've ever dealt with. There's also just some weird gameplay quriks. I feel like it could have been something pretty good but is just overall okay. I mean, even though I beat the main story and DLC mission in under 3 hours it's hard to regret a game you paid 77 cents for. So if it's on sale, I think it's worth adding to your library."
,Not Recommended,482300,33104638,Posted: 1 July,all,Beepin,"The ONLY way I could recommend anyone to try this out is if they want to see a graphics showcase.This game doesn't have gameplay except for walking, finding a [plot device], and using contextual button prompts. It has jumpscares and you don't fight off enemies/monsters... The DLC absolutely jumps the shark and ruins an aspect of the world they've built. There's a stamina meter that you can't see, so if you're ""sprinting"" (actually just pacing faster) everywhere, and your character starts to walk like he has a peg leg, it's the game telling you that the meter is stuck between refilling and your depletion of its supply. Also, the NPC/Player models look out of place (like how minecraft looks with HD texture mods)The game apparently has branching paths, so I'll give it merit for being a little varied for each player. I might play it again in the future due to its short length and beautiful scenery.This game is a reminder of how good CryEngine looks. And it looks fantastic. The aesthetics reminded me of the Metro series, which only made me wish I was playing Metro."
,Not Recommended,482300,31713105,Posted: 12 May,all,Dabeth Upon Thy Haters,They put more effort into hiding the gnomes then they did making the game.
76561198042145848,Recommended,482300,32831113,Posted: 26 June,all,HEAVY METAL ZOMBIE,$.77 on sale and what a hidden gem this game is .No Monsters or AI chasing you around . Just a straight forward B-Grade horror game with decent jump scares .These are the games i strive for .... $.77 helps too .I never even heard of this game .
,Recommended,482300,28177431,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Kovic,"You know something, I actually enjoyed this game.  It only takes about 2 hours to finish and yeah, its just a walking simulator, but its done surprisingly well for a $3.99 USD game.  I've played a fair amount of these Russian Walking Sim/Horror games and this is probably the best one so far.  There are decent graphics, the windowed and full screen modes work and I did not have any crashes...some stuttering between loading screens though.One thing I should mention though, you will need a decent CPU/GPU combo to run this game ""mostly"" smooth, even on the low settings.  As with many of the Russian made games, they are not optimized very well, so expect dropped frames here and there depending on the area you're in.The Steam page gives plenty of info on the game, so I'm gonna keep this short.  I recommend it for those of you looking for a decent atmospheric walking simulator game.  It has nice cinematic scenes and quality sound design.  It may have some hiccups along the way as for the controls, but nothing too major.The voice work in the game is spoken in Russian w/ English Subtitles available.  This didnt bother, but I know some of you may not like that so I thought I'd mention it."
,Recommended,482300,32227180,Posted: 6 June,all,Zockerx96,"A cheap, short walking simulator with an ok story and nice graphics."
76561198135763898,Recommended,482300,24750407,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,rc42,"Investigator: Great looking game , with a fantastic moody setting.Basically this game is a walking sim with some interaction,finding fuses,ladder etc to progress.I personally loved the story,revenge is a funny thing.Game lasts between 2 to 3 hours well worth it for the price.Cant wait for the next installment."
,Recommended,482300,25012089,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Shadow6,"This game is great!Just finished my YT playthrough of it and must say i really enjoyed it.It is only short though, about 4 hrs but the Dev has released ""DLC"" which adds the the storylineIm assuming more to follow aswell?Graphically its quite decent.. runs on cryengine from what ive red.For me the sound is the best thing!The music for one is amazingThe general in game sounds keep you on edge and you get that sense of being followedThe voice acting i believe is well done alsoA very atmospheric game.Im really getting alot of enjoyment out of these European developed games lately.so glad i decided to purchase thishighly recommended.. simple and different"
,Not Recommended,482300,31500770,Posted: 1 May,all,[hlife] Hotdog,"Investigator felt more like an extended tech demo for the CryEngine than a game. The levels look great, but at the same time are disjointed and incoherent along with any sense of a story. There is no real threat or challenge to be had here, it’s all scripted with some awkwardly animated and poorly textured giant spiders.A few jumpscares to be had, but aside from taking pretty screenshots, this game is just lacking in anything interesting."
,Recommended,482300,29080391,Posted: 6 January,all,TehKaoZ,"Combined with the price I can recommend this because it delivers everything it says in the description. Since the main selling point of the game is the beautifully yet creepy rendered environments; I DSRed the game up and went through it at ~30 fps because why not. I imagine this game will be particularly frightening to arachnophobes however, the fear factor was negligible for me when compared to other horror games but I still enjoyed it nonetheless."
,Recommended,482300,32911331,Posted: 27 June,all,Banana Warlock,Random Russian Walking Simulator featuring textureless spiders.
,Recommended,482300,33640989,Posted: 18 July,all,yam,"This game is so good, but so traumatizing that I nearly cried 3 times. The protagonist is a complete idiot and also apparently invincible, along with the antagonist. Overall it's an amazing game and it's really pretty even on low settings (and runs on Vista pretty well, despite the minimum OS being listed as 7). I did, however, spend quite a good amount of time being completely detached from the protagonist mainly because of his complete and utter stupidity. The game is also a bit confusing and has some 'platforming' parts in it that I didn't expect, but I'm also kind of stupid. I got lost a bit but that's also probably my fault, as most of the things were pretty obvious if you actually looked around and used your eyes."
76561198009690713,Recommended,482300,33716970,Posted: 22 July,all,lime,"Congratulations to Adrov - spaziba! This is a great horror adventure game, with phenomenal graphics if your PC can deliver, and is never boring. Only once I had to resort to walkthroughs. Here is to more titles from this dev."
,Recommended,482300,31763217,Posted: 14 May,all,YaBoiLightWeaponsGuy,"At first glance it's one of those cheap, less than a dollar steam games that anyone only buys for cards and badges but it's actually a decent game with a quite lovely soundtrack and nice graphics. Gives a very Metro 2033 sort of feel and makes for some really nice looking screenshots."
,Recommended,482300,26347339,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,GorbashGaming,"Pretty good game. Just played couple of hours.Pros:- Pretty interesting story- Cut scene connect events more smoothly- Music- Despite gloomy atmosphere game can be immersive- Good later levels, some as their require a bit more effort, yet, can be challeningCons:- Problems with starting up the game. (If someone has issue then try to adjust settings via graphics card panel, i.e. NVidia settings. And set resolution to improve buttons issues on startup)- Few more assets wouldn't hurt as sometimes the same engine assets ruin atmosphere (read tractor, vehicles, :) )are a bit repetitive- 2nd and 3rd level could be more immersive- Labels / Notification could be improved, as they dissapear sometimes quickly, at least for meSummary:Game can be buggy but it is worth playing, definitely worth the money. I would like to see some bugs fixed like startup issues, controls at some point, however I can give the game 7/10 for the gameplay and atmosphere."
,Recommended,482300,30416366,Posted: 9 March,all,CharismaticPanda,"This was an odd one to say the least, the only way I can assess it is to list what I did and didn't like.Pros:Not a bad looking gameHad some promising ideas and conceptsHad a few alright scaresCons:Story didn't make any senseCouldn't seem to decide what kind of horror it wanted to beA lot of texture popping issues on my GTX 960Short for the price tagIf I had to score the game I'd give it a 6/10 and say pick it up when it's on sale but not otherwise"
,Recommended,482300,33901322,Posted: 30 July,all,Glow,"It's a short Indie game, or rather technical demo. Enjoy beautiful Russian language – yes, you have to read subtitles, because there is only Russian audio track available. I played game once and then couldn't start again, have to reinstall to play it. It has some issues, but I blame my system for that.What's awesome about it? Locations! All looks amazing but there is not much to do, that's why this game get 'walking simulator' tag in Steam store, I suppose. Story is short and poor, puzzles very easy. It's that kind of game, when you can relax on your sofa with game controller and play eating your meal. It's short, about 3-6h.Made on a CryEngine - that why is so pretty and run good on any pc. Is scary in few places, easy to play, low price. DLC is very short, but much better. If this game would keep the DLC level for all levels, it would be very good game.I can't recommend this 'technical demo' as a good game, but is not a that bad to get negative reviews. The main cons: There isn't much content there to play. Game: 4/10 DLC: 8/10. I hope to see more from AdroVGames in future."
76561198376317844,Recommended,482300,31916289,Posted: 23 May,all,humblehero14,"This is a tough one.  There are several flaws in the game that makes it difficult for me to recommend; however, this game does enough to make it more than passable.I would not recommend:I wouldn’t recommend the game if consumers expect a shooter game or a game with challenging puzzles.  The games description and features seems to be updated which is good because it’s better to be accurate rather than misleading.  With that said, no one should purchase this game, or any game, expecting more than what’s on the description and features because you may be disappointed.Also, if you are not into walking simulators and games with little to no challenge, maybe you should avoid this one.Give it a try:Instead of recommendation, I think the idea of ‘giving it a try’ is more reasonable.  This game is indeed worth a try for many reasons and these reasons are the ones that give it more than a pass.-The level designs are good.  Even though you are working your way through tunnels or buildings, the scenery looks good enough to take a snap shot.   Even in a post apocalyptic setting, certain areas are beautiful to look at in my opinion.  The screenshot section shows many good photo shots from gamers.-Gamers should also give it a try if you do like walking simulators.  If you wanted to try out a post apocalyptic game without the trouble of baddies and difficult puzzles, give this a shot.-If you like the Metro or Fallout series like I do, or even love playing any post apocalyptic games, this game is still worth trying out.-Despite what I said about little or no challenge, there are spots where you do have to think and figure out how to progress.  This can either frustrate you or give it a little challenge.-Finally, the other small reasons to give this a try is that the asking price is still cheap and the length of gameplay is alright.  The average game length should be about 5 hours to finish.  Also, it comes with a free DLC.Gameplay Problems:There are some areas in the game which were problematic and should be addressed but in the overall make of the game, it’s not too bad.-There are some platforming issues in the game, especially in level 2.  If you’re one to explore the area, like I do, you might end up getting stuck if you are walking near the cliffs.  I had to reset the game on two different locations.  No amount of running and jumping could get me out of that one.-Subtitles tend to linger longer on screen even when you exit.  Subtitles also tend to fall outside of my screen.  Maybe it’s because of my settings but I’m not sure.-I like the controller support and that is what I play on throughout this game but I realize sometimes you have to rely on the keyboard and mouse on the fuse box.  Not that big of a deal but it kind of got screwy one time and I had to reset the level.All in all, the game is alright and I enjoyed it for all the other positive aspects of it."
,Recommended,482300,31494584,Posted: 1 May,all,[s†en],6.5/10
76561198062085771,Recommended,482300,33986999,Posted: 3 August,all,matt19852085,An enjoyable game at an excellent price I recommend it.
76561197993630261,Recommended,482300,34956047,Posted: 14 September,all,Josh,I can really recommand this graphically stunning game for such a low price!It plays in a post-apocalyptic Russia with extrem weather conditions.I like how detailed the environment is. There are also a lot of fun gimmicks like the hidden gnomes to discover.
,Recommended,482300,33775223,Posted: 24 July,all,Krusti clawn,"Positives- Enviroments looks well crafted- Story starts good- Good music and sound design- Fun for achievement huntingNegatives- Unfortunately, the story is lackluster after the first maps- Character models are very low-res compared to the maps- Weird and confusing transitions- The horror element feels either out of place or clichéLevel designEnviroments are often stunning to look at. Very well detailed and crafted. However, character models looks very low-res, and the spiders even seem textureless. There were also minor things, such as the radioactive spill and certain decals that looked somewhat silly (one example of this was a hole in a wall that turned out to not really be a hole, but a plane decal), but overall the level design and lightning looks very well done.StoryI was very interested in this game's story for a while. A survival horror game, that isn't based on a zombie apocalypse or war, but rather something less common, cool! I loved to explore the island I arrived at and expected something cool to happen later on. It did, during the first 3 or so levels. Right after that it went down.I still don't fully understand the antagonist's motive, why the extreme weather cataclysms began in the first place, or really what the protaganist hopes to accomplish other than reaching a certain destination. The weird and confusing transitions is also something that drops the story quality a bit. Like, at one part of the game, a giant spider destroyed my walkway. I fell down to what looked like my death. I then find myself in a snowy map with the explaination that two days had passed.I will say this: The story idea is great, but doesn't build on that idea a lot.Music and soundsSound design was in my opinion well done. Protaganist sounds realistic and breaths differently depening on weather conditions and situations he is in, when I went inside the greenhouse in the first level I could hear the rain dripping on the glass. Music is real good as well, if perhaps somewhat overhyped for a story like this.FlawsSeems to work fine and runs smoothly. I found minor things though. I could for example, jump on a wooden crate and it would vibrate hysterically and then disappear through the floor.CreativityGreat ideas here and there, and pretty fun for achievement hunters. I would have liked to see more ideas when it comes to puzzles. Sure, a few puzzles are in the game, but very few and often the same. I do understand it's a walking simulator, but it didin't have to be if more effort was put into the gameplay part of the game.ConclusionA well done game on a level design point of view, but it suffers from a lackluster plot. Having made mods, I know coming up with a good story isn't exactly easy, and in my humble opinion, this story ain't bad. You just could have done more with it. If only more work was put into the plot, and perhaps it was a bit longer, it could have been a great experience.I still had fun though. Hunting for the achievements in beutifully crafted maps made it worth the time for me personally.Do I recommand this?If you want a walking simulator, and you aren't looking for a strong story, sure go right ahead. It's dirt cheap and it's especially great if you love to hunt for achievements and explore beutiful enviroments.If you are looking for a great storyline and a more interactive gameplay experience, then no I don't recommand this game.6/10"
,Recommended,482300,25503196,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,CitizenX3639,"Thank you to AVgames games for development and publishing of Investigator. I enjoyed the world and story provided for me to escape.At $4 Investigator is an easy recomendation but to only those players who like myself enjoy all genres of this hobbey. I think the summary for the game on the store page is a bit misleading in a sense describing itself as a survival game when in all accounts its basically just a walking sim. That is fine as its beutiful, scary, and includes a story that has a meaningful end.Without spoliers, as it is only a 1-2 hour experience, you play as a survivovr who used to be a private investigator but after a devastating event now is just roaming the country(russia) trying to survive. There are 10 chapters 5-15 mintue(im guessing) each depending on how you explore all with their own unique look. Each chapter you basically start from point A to get to point B, or maybe solve a very simple puzzle to move forward. There is very little interaction with the enviroment and there are a few Half life inspired puzzles to keep each level somewhat different but again mostly walking forward and exploring.There is also an achievment clearly inspired by Half Life here too.What saves this game and seperates it from the countless number of these games on steam is the graphics, sound and story. Its probably one the best uses for an indie game on the Cry Engine i can rememeber(heard its difficult to use) and every chapter looks amazing. Whether you are crawling in a dark cave, to the outdoor snow and rain effects, to some of the best cloth physics(looks so real) ive ever seen the game looked awesome and ran smooth with no crashes. Im not into horror games, and i would not classify this as horror, but the use of sound, light and shadows made exploring very tense. There are some really good didnt see that coming moments early in the game but those seemed to become less effective later. A Dark room and headphones increase the experience.Investigator is an odd name for the game as its not your occupation(anymore) as it more pertains to your investigation of the world and story. Its not perfect but for a very small entry fee its an easy recommendation.PositviesExcellant use of Cry EngineEach chapter having its own look and feelSound, light and voice are excellantSuprising story with a satisying endingPrice is right(I bought on sale for $4)NegativesW/O spoiling somthing happens too many times. Think movies with bad guys when they get caught.More puzzles could easyily have extended this into a full gameWhy did they add ? as the credits rolled. I was satisified with the ending."
,Recommended,482300,28085068,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,JD,Short but amazing!Never enjoyed playing a short game as much as I did with this one!It was really good!
,Not Recommended,482300,31571781,Posted: 5 May,all,DaddyKnight,"Looks like a good game and has great graffics but, it runs poorly no matter how powerful your pc is."
76561198086481207,Recommended,482300,24144863,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,It's Me! Krell!,"I just got done playing Investigator and I was genuinely surprised at how well it was made. After purchasing this game from the steam summer sale I had very little to no expectations for it. If you're thinking about buyin the game I'd wait till it was on sale because it's so short and the replayability is close to none.PROS:+Ambience: Very few horror games that I've played have been able to evoke a feeling of anxiety and fear like this one had.+Setting: The game altogether is beautiful, if playing horror games has taught me anything at all its that scares and foreboding music will do nothing if the setting isn't just right. Investigator achieves so much by letting the protagonist explore in multipe places including caves, buildings, tunnels, huts, the wilds, etc.+Soundtrack: The music fit the story very well and I really enjoyed the few cutscenes where I got to just watch the player and listen to the music.CONS:-Short: The game took me only about 2 hours to finish and that was with me taking my time to explore and take screenshorts, etc. I realize there are more parts to come, but I felt it was lacking a little in length.-Subtitles: The game is voiced in Russian so the developers kindly put subtitles over the voice acting, however the subtitles don't always make coherent sentences and don't make sense. It didn't detract too much from my experience, but still enough to be a hinderance.-Slow: A few time throughout Investigator you're tasked with either solving a few puzzles or finding miscellanious objects. While this enabled me to explore a little more I found myself getting frustrated at having to do said puzzle/search and ended up rushing through a few parts in frustration.All in all I'd give it a 7/10 and the ending has given me enough interest to want to keep looking into the game and play a future installment."
76561197968042718,Recommended,482300,24218263,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Patrick,"Good game with great grphics and a fantastic atmosphere. A lot of effort has gone into this and it shows, I hope a part 2 will follow soon. A bit short but still worth a few pounds for what you get. The story line is a little weak at times and things happen that don't always make sense or get explained but the overall experience is still worth recommending this title. Great work team."
,Not Recommended,482300,34861495,Posted: 10 September,all,Bob,"This game comes with one item of DLC bundled with it which is nice. However I accidentally played it before the main game. In the DLC you wander round with no explanation, get shot in the face, wander around some more, murder some guy, wander around a lot more collecting gnomes and then it just comes to an end still with no indication of what is going on. So my first recommendation is don’t play the DLC first.Now onto the main game, it does give you more of an indication of what is going on but it still really didn’t work for me. When I see a game described as a walking simulator I am expecting a game focusing on story, atmosphere and aesthetics. This game definitely has the last one nailed, the levels really look excellent and capture the sense of the wilderness reclaiming civilisation. Unfortunately it did make me nauseous, I think it is the slight swaying of camera. I could only play for short periods at a time but the game is split into nice short chapters.The story however was not great. It is difficult to say much without spoiling it but the progression seems disjointed and nonsensical. The only way I can rationalise the plot is that it was all a guilty delusion or hallucination.The biggest problem for me was inclusion of horror, it didn’t work in combination with such a passive form of gameplay. Since all there is to the game is walking around there is no form of peril so the horror elements have no weight to them. I just started shrugging off the cheap jump scares.So if you looking for an excellent graphical showcase this is the game for you but if you are looking for more of an engaging story I’d look else where."
76561198243567206,Recommended,482300,27211254,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Disciples,Horror but to much jumpscared @@
,Recommended,482300,31603494,Posted: 7 May,all,seanmcclure,"Short but engaging. It is pretty, a bit scary, and the ending stays with you."
,Recommended,482300,32054131,Posted: 29 May,all,Strix eYe,Too short story. But effects are aeesome.
,Not Recommended,482300,26701103,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,=Axton=,Not the worst Russian walking simulator I've played (35MM I'm looking at you) but for the price it scratched the itch that weekend.
,Not Recommended,482300,31610969,Posted: 7 May,all,Pacifistoast,This is not a game.  You just move from one point to the next while occassionally pressing C or clicking the left mouse button while waiting for the next cut scene that should have been gameplay.  There are no puzzles.  No real interaction with the world.  No challenge.  And as far as I can tell you can't actually lose.
,Recommended,482300,35103609,Posted: 21 September,all,Robo | TinyRick,I got the game for 62 cents so I didn't really have any big expectations.It feels like a mod for the most part. The story is all over the place and quite honestly I found it quite boring overall (guess I expected something closer to the STALKER or Metro universe).The game lacks polish in some parts. For example the menus are strange to navigate and sometimes it is hard to click on the right button. For example in the level overview the buttons aren't highlighted when you hover them - a feature that is basically a standard in all things UI.The game has nice atmosphere and you can tell that the dev has put a lot of work into the environments which look quite good most of the time.All in all the game comes at a fair price for what it delivers so I give it a recommendation.
,Not Recommended,482300,23385487,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Bully Buster,"This game was a dissapointment.From the trailer and description I expected something more than a walking simulator.Though it is a pretty game there isn't much else to it, just an average story of a guy searching for somewhere safe after the world's weather goes crazy.There's one basic puzzle and a few jumpscares throughout.Also some of the on screen prompts throughout the game were incorrect (press f to pick up a box was actually left mouse click).Altogether the game lasted just over two hours (I didn't rush, there was just nothing else to do)Considering I paid £6.29 for this I would not reccomend it, instead if you want to grab it wait till it's a lot cheaper.For now If you really want to play an apocalyptic horror game based in russia grab one of the Metro or STALKER games."
76561197975551289,Recommended,482300,34969408,Posted: 15 September,all,TuRoK 2....,What a hidden gem this game is . LIKE 35MM..With Metro style Graffix. XD
,Recommended,482300,30245508,Posted: 28 February,all,KrigarNooben,"Yes; One knows almost instantly if a game is good or not: and I got this feeling this is good felling right from the start.Absolutly not the best Walking Simulator out there, but absolutly not the worst. Well spent 1:49Euro."
76561198123514827,Recommended,482300,33835937,Posted: 27 July,all,The arch-wizard,one of the best horror games that ive played in a while
,Not Recommended,482300,35172622,Posted: 23 September,all,brokenstitch,"I'm way over the recomended specs, and this game only runs at 7 fps or less. That's even after lowering the res to 800x1200. The only other game I've had trouble playing on this machine is Just Cause 3. Meaning GTA V, Fallout 4, and the other 1,000+ games I own all work without any issues. All also at at least 30 fps or greater. Meaning to me, there's something wrong with the coding when it comes to this game."
76561198366346951,Recommended,482300,30360802,Posted: 6 March,all,Physics,Was a great game but the cliffhanger though :PVery good work.
76561197971213372,Not Recommended,482300,35281718,Posted: 28 September,all,DoctorMonocular,"Overall I'd rate this game either a 5/10 or a 6/10. The graphics are the best part, and the sound and lighting design really make the moodiness of the game feel perfect for a suspensful, isolating gameplay. However, the story is deeply flawed and confusing, and there is little to no agency as the character. If you're looking for a suspensful visual story, then this is the right game, but if you want a game where you feel like you're playing it instead of just being a bystander, then steer clear. Unfortunately, for a game that focuses on it's story for intrigue, horror, and suspense, the story was defenitely the game's weakest aspect.(semi-spoiler) The ending is ridiculous, confusing, and totally broke my suspension of disbelief. Characters throughout the whole game ridiculous choices, the story doesn't make clear what's ""actually"" happening in the game."
,Recommended,482300,26166566,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,keV-o™,This game is pretty cool! I like how you are on your own and can find secrets for achievements. :P
,Not Recommended,482300,35185136,Posted: 24 September,all,DeadPixel,boring afcykà blyàt
76561197970752241,Recommended,482300,23511037,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,wsgroves,I really enjoyed this game and it was one of the few I actually finished nowadays. The story is pretty good but the graphics are outstanding. It isnt the longest game in the world but I am excited for a sequal. Overall I give it a 7/10 and would buy it again.
76561197993055223,Not Recommended,482300,24550105,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Halroth,"I regret buying this game.  I finished the game is just 2 hours, as there is little to do, almost no game play and except in a few cases no threat of death.  I played through the entire thing in a single sitting, and then the game crashed when i tried to exit.  To add insult, most of the achievements didn't proc, so it looks like I accomplished almost nothing.This game had big potential, and the described setting did as well.  Unfortunately the setting is a lie.  There is no survival mechanics, no searching for food to keep your health up.  No health bar or inventory.  The cold/wet info you are given in each level only matters once.  You also do not investigate in any sense.  The game jumps you from crud, but reasonably designed area to area which if it had survival elements would have worked find, but instead end up dull.  Dull except for gnome statues murdering one another and giant goddamn spiders.  The set pieces don’t match up at all, seem surreal (one is obviously a dream) and the character never feels the need to explain the spiders which range from small dog sized, to giant man sized, to B-movie Godzilla sized.Controls are also a problem.  The game keeps defaulting to xbox controller and will reset your changes every time you go to modify them.  You cannot remap them at all.  Graphics are somewhat ok, but limited in options.  Everything looks wet, you can't turn off the bloom, there is fog everywhere making the draw distance short and you cant turn off the head bobbing.  That last part may seem small but the bobbing is almost drunk lurching, and the cinematic camera is just a free floating perspective and has the head bobbing to!To the developer, I applaud that you have made a game that functions and is complete despite that end crash bug.  However this needed a lot more time in production, and a much more honest description.  What I was sold wasn’t as advertised and for that reason alone I can't recommend your game."
76561198246944334,Recommended,482300,31606205,Posted: 7 May,all,LONE WOLF,graphics 8/10story 5/10
76561198007747398,Not Recommended,482300,31762625,Posted: 14 May,all,𝒮ℴ𝓅𝒽𝒾𝒶.ℐ.𝒥,"Graphics decent, but other than that..worst plot ive ever seenbad writingridiculous stealthcheap scaresUsually i upvote Indie devs because it's not easy to develope a game on your own with minimum resources, but this game got me furious when It compelled me to look for f*king achoholic garden gnomes for like an hour and it took me 3 playthroughs to get all the achievements.If only devs have put more work into plot rather than hiding those f*king gnomes"
,Recommended,482300,23390102,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Rosalyne,"It's a very short game, and like many have said it's a decent walking simulator. Despite these things, I still very much enjoyed it. It's the epitome of indie horrow game, kind of spooky with decent graphics. It plays like a small movie. Would definitely recommend for people into indie games. Good for what it is."
76561198096975901,Not Recommended,482300,24658744,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,ArtyomKGy,"The environment sometimes beautiful sometimes boring for me. There could be much more creativeness in the game. Spiders  are boring cliches, lack of exploration and tasks, game is about just walk straight ahead. I understood its about the atmosphere but i still miss a lot of things to declare this game good. I expected more creativity and content because the preview pictures gave me good impressions. And there are silly things in the game but it would be spoilers if i discuss it."
,Recommended,482300,23341578,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,ECHOR.,"First of all its £6. Thats a great price for this game. There are 10 levels, I am currently on level 2 and I have played for just under an hour which includes me exploring everywhere in the area. It has Russian speech, however english subtitles are there and doesnt affect the gameplay at all. Sound quality is fantastic! Especially with headphones as you can all tne detail of the rain etc. Graphics are awesome as well because it is the Cry Engine. Got this game on release date (2nd June 2016) so far no problems with the game. Level 2 is quite spooky so far, and is really interesting and fun. You must try this game."
76561197984921477,Recommended,482300,23427654,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Morbott,"This game looks spectacular. I enjoyed the experience, and look forward to more chapters."
76561198045735890,Recommended,482300,23393412,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Tyara,"It's a nice game so far, the level basis let's you go back and forth between the sceneries, which I find really great about it. The atmosphere is quite nice, and the graphics and details in it are cool as well. I loved finding garden gnomes everywhere.https://youtu.be/ruErd9dK9W0"
76561197993668315,Not Recommended,482300,26572363,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Chris,"Not super responsive control-wise... things happen for no real reason... eventually gave up after I got stuck, but it seems like it could well be one for the ""it was all a dream"" cop-out category."
,Not Recommended,482300,29173901,Posted: 10 January,all,EDWARD FX™,"Investigator is a first-person walking simulator with horror elements, where the events take place in a world of extreme weather cataclysms. The main character used to be a private investigator, but now he is but a mere strangerforced to roam from house to house in search of food and an overnight stay.Walking simulatorImmersive audio effects guarantee unforgettable game experienceVarious locations starting from mysterious villages to dark basementsIntense atmosphere throughout the gameThe use of CryEngine makes the picture realistic and smooth"
76561198092171474,Recommended,482300,26284542,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,PhanTasM,"this game puts most games to shame,.. it's $2 and it's made better than most AAA lolgreat mix of GenresHorror / Survival / atmospheric / mystery / story driven adventureALL+++++if you like any of the genre above buy this it is pretty great"
76561198123412837,Recommended,482300,23362181,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,python4161 4K,A very well created game. Needs some more work in the options but is well developed.
76561197968560421,Recommended,482300,31608549,Posted: 7 May,all,RandalMcdaniel,"I absolutely can not get over how high quality of a game this is from an indie developer. I haven't seen environmental graphics this good since resident evil 7. Optimized very well also. I think the developers should make a better game picture than just ""The investigator"" text because it makes the game look cheap. THIS GAME IS NOT CHEAP QUALITY.This game needs to be shared with the world, its impressive. And i got it for 77 cents on steam"
76561197972072638,Not Recommended,482300,26092729,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,KoolKrax,This is so so bad! Don't be lured by the pretty graphics. Everything in this game is either grey or green. Nothing makes sense. The translation is atrocious. Avoid like the plague.
,Not Recommended,482300,27878133,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MEV,Good game but the WORST experience due to BAD OPTIMIZATION!
76561197982034457,Recommended,482300,23340576,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,TwitcherUS,good walking simulator wit nice graphs ++Full Walkthrough:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dr_FXZf56xI&feature=youtu.beDLC Sandstorm Walkthrough:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mn4kiMUTjzg
76561198020085437,Recommended,482300,23352190,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Nokzen,"Its easy to see some effort has gone into this game, It has really nice visuals, lots of cutscenes and so far an interesting story, i havent finished the game yet, so cant tell about my opinion on the end of this adventure yet.But even tho a bit liniar so far, its very enjoyable, seems all voice overs are in russian but with English subtitles so its ok, and dosent ruin the experience.Value for the low price.Check out some gameplayhttps://youtu.be/nSIWLzGABn0"
,Not Recommended,482300,25811012,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,XxxWesleySnipesxxX,Russians and broken textures. It was really bad (2/10)
,Not Recommended,482300,32641859,Posted: 22 June,all,Fulcrum,Bad game.
,Not Recommended,482300,26487232,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Sweety Lizard,They never gave me a chance to actually play this game because of stupid cutscenes.
76561198022186188,Not Recommended,482300,26187447,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,selambentolgi,waste of time
,Not Recommended,482300,26290608,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,morten leed,♥♥♥♥ing horrible
,Recommended,482300,24981376,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,SilentMugger,"Fantastic Game, yet, the story line is next to 'non-existant'.I would recommend this game to anyone who likes a cross horror/walkaround sim game. The horror aspect of the game is very low... but the graphics make up for that ;)The graphics of the game, for the price, are FANTASTIC. Can not fault the graphics in any way, well done to the devs.Overall ratings,Graphics: 10/10Replayability 3/10Storyline 1/10 (It just makes absolutely no sense.....)Content Within 5/10 I paid £3.00 You pay for what you get, I got nearly 3 hours out of this game, not bad."
,Recommended,482300,24746599,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Shaftanyr #BringBackTF2Pubs,"I'm glad I did not really follow the reviews of the game. For the price, I decided to buy it and I was not disappointed at all. It's a really great game, and not (only) a walking simulator as it may seem. There are a few jumpscares, things to do (like searching for things to access a new area) a little story behind the game. So it's not just walking around.For sure the ambiance is really great, and that's why I prefered in the game. Play it at a really loud volume, in a dark room and you'll be really into it. The animation of the characters were good, and the graphics absolutely beautiful. Sounds (nature, birds etc) are really great too, and the songs, are well done too, and fit perfectly with the game. Plus the soundtrack is free.I would definitively recommend it for its really low price."
,Recommended,482300,28652014,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Mr.Scovvl,"Nice game, beautiful soundtrack, f*cking spiders."
76561198130581823,Recommended,482300,26503686,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Moe_Junkey,I just played this game from start to finish. It was a great. Every room i walked into was gorgeous from the water fx to the lighting was so impressive. Buy this game now people. I wrote a bad review before giving it a chance when i first bought the game. I am sorry to the whole team that made this wonderful game. I am a fan now and will let everyone i know to buy and play this game.
76561197989897556,Recommended,482300,31717027,Posted: 12 May,all,DRASTICONTRAST,Fun little game.  Play it for the story (the story doesn't end until you finish the DLCs)
,Recommended,482300,35249067,Posted: 27 September,all,Adrian3008,"That`s a pretty nice game. I love the music, the atmosphere. The squirel scene is just adorable :D (if you know what I mean )."
76561198404975999,Recommended,482300,35501211,Posted: 5 October,all,Chrissyy,"Its a good game. It lags on my computer, i dont know why. I have a hp Windows 10. so if anyone could help me solve it, i would like to finish and complete the game."
