user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198109122130,Not Recommended,482730,26488460,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,ThomasBlomkål,"If you are tempted to buy new FM2017, please read some of the reviews first, including mine.I am long-time fan of this series, started with FM 2008 and bought the new one every single year since then. Well, this year might be actually the last one for me. Every FM veteran knows that every year there are high expectations from the fans and big promises from the developers. Somehow last couple years the developers fail to deliver the game we all want, which leads to an increasing number of people turning their backs on Sports Interactive.Lets start with my statement, that I am really trying to be fair and point out only relevant things, as I am not blinded by hate. I just want to play a good football manager simulation game that is actually enjoyable.The concept of the game is awesome, potential is huge and there are countless options and different approaches. Then why so many people dont enjoy the game? Its easy to answer. They expect a REAL simulation with HIGH CONTROL, however SI fails to deliver it.Lets check out some of the issues.1) Team MoraleIn FM 2017 there is often no possibility to make players more happy beside winning a lot. You cant approach or speak to players with low morale. That is really stupid.-You are trying to boost team morale by good training, good approach to players, fulfilling your promises etc. just to find out that players who played 35 out of 38 games want to leave your team because they want to play more.-Players want new contracts 1 year after they have signed a 5year deal increasing their salary 3 times. If you reject it, it very often leads to a riot of other (happy) players, forcing you to sell that particular player and possibly some of his (now unhappy) supporters in the team as well or giving him 3times better salary again.-Your key defender was sent off last match in 12th minute after 2 yellow cards bringing your team down. You fined him. He says he didnt deserve the fine and his morale drops massively. Another red card for him the next match. You fine him again (because thats what you do everytime someone gets it=fair). He wants to leave the club.2) Transfers&ContractsAlthough I think the current system of transfers/contracts offers a lot in a good way, its still far from reality sometimes.- Very often you receive an absolute lowballs for your key players- You need money so you try to sell your good and valuable first team player that was really good past couple seasons and a lot of clubs should be interested. No offers received even if you significantly lower the price- You need to offer ridiculous amount of money for average teenagers- Your average first team 34 years old player wants to sign a new contract and he asks again for increased wage with no negotiations. You reject it. He becomes free agent and then he signs for club 2 divisions lower with 10% of his previous wage- You want your promising youngster to go on loan. He doesnt want to go play first team somewhere else and wants to stay in your lower divison B team, which is significantly worse than club that offered him a first team spot.- Most of players (their agents) want ridiculous bonuses- Some player agents are way too greedy, forcing you to stop negotiating with player that played in your club for 10 years- You are one of the greatest managers of all time and you made your club very rich and famous, yet when your contract is about to be renewed 5% wage increase is impossible3) TacticsMajority of players dont know how to use the tactics and related options properly, making them believe the matches are hard to win and it doesnt matter what formation or system you use. Well, to be honest, the tactics should be the most important and the most result-changing aspect of the game. It certainly has the effect on the match itself, but to be fair, there are way too many player/tactical errors and unlogic behaviour.- You are playing at home in a cup against very weak team from lower division. You studied their tactics, they want to play in very defensive setup, park the bus and instead of counterattacks they prefer just to send long balls to their lonely striker. So you focus on that striker, yet he still scores 3 goals a match.-The next match you play against leader of the divison at home again. Its going to be a tough match. You want to have a good ball posession, focus on strong defense and in counterattacks you rely on your wingers to break their narrow defense line. But clean sheet is a priority, you dont want to lose. And result? 5:7. No words needed. Very real, isnt it?- According to the simulation, defenders ignore their instructions, wingers ignore their instructions- Enemy scores from outside the box every now and then, but your team once a season (despite the tactics)Basically you can create tactics, make numerous plans, give instructions, study the opponent, yet still the match itself is way too random and your decisions should affect the match a lot more.3)3D simulationI swear. Nobody needs this 3D simulation. To me it is absolutely useless as long as you will serve us this mess. Players do absolutely random stuff like shooting from the corner flag or missing the empty goal 10 times in a row etc.Goalkeepers are just figurines, defenders look like they play football for the first time in their life and the graphic itself isnt any good at all either. Please focus on improving the basics of the game and after that start working on 3D.I personally never use this 3D as it makes me wanna quit the game instantly. Im pretty sure most of the people feel the same.4) Beta, bugs, reportsBeta should be here to help SI find the last bugs they havent found themselves before the alpha is released. Yet SI forum is full of topics and bug reports that nobody adressed to this date.I personally reported several bugs I have found, SI adressed just one (where in certain scenario you could play 38 matches instead of 34 in the Portuguese premier league). Rest of my bug reports (with proper evidence and savefiles) were never adressed, but some more recent were. Where is the logic?With that being said I need to mention, that as someone already wrote down here in reviews, check out how many suggestions or customer requests SI actually implemented in game. None.And should I even mention what everybody knows? That this year SI promised to deliver a chinese language to this game and by broking that promise, they basically scammed 40k chinese players who have bought this game?5) AchievementsThere are many people like me who like to go for the achievements. Achievements bring a new challenges to the game so I want to see them fixed.But every year there are some achivements impossible to obtain. Back in the days the biggest problem was to get the National Hero achivements (where you need to get the club from the lowest to the highest division). Then it was the Custom Challenge one, this year its actually a whole load of broken achievements including the most basic ones like scoring a goal in competitive match, winning continental cup or buying/selling players.Please as I stated at the beginning, Im trying to be fair here, so I wanna say again that FM series were, is and probably will be very decent game with incredible depth and awesome football content. You can have fun playing it, you can love it, but the more time you spend playing and trying new things, the more you will see how this game actually needs a massive improvement. I know the series pretty well so I am sure that devs have a lot of work ahead and hopefully one day, they will adress what should have been already adressed.So at the very end of my review, I have to say I DONT RECOMMEND this game, definitely not worth 55€. Maybe on sale but still, beside some cosmetic changes and small updates, the game is pretty much the same for a long time now and not worth its price by far."
76561198200166729,Recommended,482730,32068618,Posted: 30 May,all,jayteddy3,"Right. Out of curiosity, I spent an hour reading the reviews of FM17. Most of them are downright pathetic and are filled with total BS. As you can see, I’ve spent quite a lot of time playing this year’s game. Is it perfect? No, but show me a video game (especially a sports one) that is. If you want an honest and genuine review, keep reading.Let’s get this out of the way; I’m not a fanboy. For what it’s worth, I wasn’t a fan of FM16 alright? So put the ‘I was payed to type this’ theory away.Let’s start with the match engine. Is it pretty? Heck no, but that’s not the focus of this game. If you want a game that looks pretty, go play PES or FIFA. These two games cannot be compared to FM. They’re totally different, obviously, so if a review compares them, automatically disregard it. The major focus of FM is coding the variables that determine matches, player interactions, player development, and so on. So please, spare me with the graphics complaints.Football Manager is meant for the addicts. The diehards. The football obsessive. The people who know the game and how it works. 99% of the negative reviews are filled with people who basically don’t have a friggen clue about football manager. I won’t call them noobs because it sounds trashy, but these people haven’t spent enough time to really understand the game and how it works. They see black and white. For example, I saw someone complain that they received 40 million at Arsenal and that it isn’t even enough to buy a decent CB. Reality check: you can get about 4 or 5 if you know anything about the game. These people expect that because they’re a big club, everything should be easy and straightforward.Another frequent complaint is that they always lose when they’re the better side.  Admittedly, almost every game I lose in my saves are undeserved, but that’s because my teams are really good and rarely get smashed. You can’t win every game. This season (in reality), Liverpool were 3-1 up at Bournemouth in the 64th minute. Bournemouth roared back and won 4-3 on a last minute goal. The evidence is there. Your team will bottle games. It happens. If you’re a good player, you know how to bounce back and not let this frustrate you. The people who complain feel like they should automatically win every game against a weaker opponent. Don’t fall for the BS. It’s not the game’s fault. It’s the players who don’t get it and the players who whine and complain when they are the problem the entire time. Notice how they blame the game for everything and that it’s never their fault.Now, as an experienced player and an addict, I’ve came across some strange things that I find odd. For example, I’ve noticed that after I win a match with the score line of 4-0, my teams struggle in the next 3-4 games and rarely win. It’s strange and hence why I say the game isn’t perfect. But you know what? I look for ways to get around it instead of raging and calling the game ‘bad’ or ‘stupid’. Another thing that frustrates me is that when I’m playing in a playoff final at Wembley, many of my key players have left for international duty and are ineligible. Again, I’ve realized this is my fault, as I have the option to block them from leaving when I receive the “players chosen for international duty” e-mail. However, I would like game to realize that these players are in a final and block their move automatically. My complaints are small and reasonable. People calling the game ‘dumb’ and ‘stupid’ and criticizing everything are pathetic. I hope SI don’t cave in to the basic casual players and stick to their target audience: the people who learn from mistakes and figure out how to build a squad and how to build the best tactic. The addicts. The diehards. Not the babies that expect to win every game.(EDIT): Upon reflection, I've noticed that this is mainly a rant against awful and laughable reviews based on pathetic reasons rather than an actual game review. Is this game perfect? Again, No, but the problems people cite as legitmate reasons caused SOLELY by the game are flat out false (see the Arsenal example above).Undeserved losses are incredibly tough to swallow especially if they cost you a cup final or the league....I...I don't want to talk about it.We've all been there. We rant at our computer screens multiple times. ""How tf do they have 2 shots on target and 2 goals while we have 10 shots on target and can't even get a friggen highlight?"" The mouse goes flying across the room. Your day is ruined. The whole nine right?Take it from me. As someone who lead Tenerife to a quintople, won the champions league, had a player win back-to-back player of the year awards all while using the best tactic I've ever built and used, there is a solution to almost every problem in FM.If you lose a game undeservingly, it generally means 2 things.1. Your team is actually really good and will hardly ever get smashed. Not everyone can be the invincibles, so the losses will pretty much be all undeserved.2. Something in your tactics is off. It's up to you to figure out what it is. It could be a striker in a slump, your backline is too deep or too high, you don't instruct your players to close down wingers to stop crosses, etc.It just seems to me that the people who can't accept blame go to the reviews and blast everything about the game. If you're debating about wether to buy the game or not, my best advice would be to go on YouTube to find a more detailed review. Not in these Steam reviews where people take out their frustration and complain about crazy things.For anyone who is interested here's a link to my tactic mentioned above. If you're looking to take your club to the next level then this tactic definetly has the ability to do just that. Tried and trusted in all English leagues and Spainish leagues. It's patchy in European comps, but can take you very far. Link:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=860692506"
76561198034987708,Not Recommended,482730,27566780,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RugMonkey,"FM2016 was the first time I'd skipped a year since 2008.  I felt was paying £35 for a database update and a generally buggier game, but over the years I was used that, but last year I was so fed up with it I stuck with FM2015.Along comes this year's update and nothing's changed, in fact very little has changed from 2015. I mean who gives a toss if there's a pre-match line-up and handshake, watch it twice, the novelty wears off, then who doesn't click through it as soon as a skip button appears. I also think the social media stuff is useless bloat, it's click candy and not very good click candy.On to the match engine which is better in some ways and worse in others with the much hyped new video captures i.e. tackles: they motion captured a tailor's dummy while the tackler does a little tapdance and the ball shoots away, and he'll run after it, or just stand there and watch while an opposition player runs from twice as far away to retain possession. (although sliding tackles are fine now)  Shooting at the near post almost every time hasn't been fixed, nor has trying to pass the ball through the clump of opposition players directly in front of you, when you have players free all around you, nor has the disconnect between the action and the text description, if you say the forward blazes over the bar don't show the goalie pushes it over, unless it's followed by players arguing for a corner.  Also ""that would've been some goal"" is only right about 1 time in 20. There are lots of others that haven't been fixed.Negotiations with agents is way worse than 2015. You can get redlocked out for something as innocuous as changing the wage rise from 10 to 15 games. I've started saving my games before negotiations because of stupidities like that. And injuries are way over done. In the Man City game i'm playing I've assembled the best medical team money can buy and I've got De Bruyne, Sterling, Aguerro, Sane, Stones, and Otamendi all out long term. Well I own it now. They definitely did something to the demo that made freak scores more likely in the full version. Oh and sort out the damned licensing issues and stop being cheapskates because we can mod the team names et al ourselves.Also can't understand why you can't have the demo ready in July, and the full version synched to the start of the season, with a full update when the transfer window closes.Well not a positive review, but having clocked up over 8,000 hours playing various versions i'm think i'm entitled to a moan."
76561198031038040,Recommended,482730,32657343,Posted: 22 June,all,Turbokanin,"Intended to write something the moment I passed 500h, but then my LB got injured and one thing led to another. Now I sit here with 1 thousand and 47 hours on record, at 2am in the morning and I haven't really got anything to say that hasn't already been said in previous reviews and/or comments... No, the game isn't perfect, but I've enjoyed dwelling into the depths of this mad footballing world. If you fancy graphics and other superficial elements, this isn't the game for you. If you think you'd enjoy perfecting tactics or spending - let's say 547 hours - searching for a new LB, then yes. This is the game for you.10/10 would waste my time again."
76561198294110656,Not Recommended,482730,28186070,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,karoocowboy,"Another life-long fan of the series, but this incarnation seems really awful.1) Wins the league with Arsenal for the first time in many years.  Reaches Champion's League final.  Ozil immediately demands transfer.2) Easily wins league, reaches Champion's League final for 2nd year in a row.  Bellerin and Icardi (both of whom list Arsenal as their favourite club) demand to leave.  Impossible to keep either of them.  When I try to keep Bellerin entire squad demands that I let him go.3) 4th season Griezman, Renato Sanchez and Mustafi all demand transfers to bigger clubs.  Currently we are first in the league, and on course for a Champion's League final.Note: It infuriates the players when I suggest that a bigger contract might make them want to stay.  Where is the logic?Also, after a five game losing streak we turn it around and are winning 2-1 away from home.  A number of players on the team are complacent.  wtf?I like the challenge, we all do.  What we like even more is logic.  This is the least realistic version of CM/FM ever."
76561198008452031,Not Recommended,482730,29508144,Posted: 26 January,all,Rhaego,"Social Media Simulation.More interviews. More E-Mails. More Twitter.The main new features (Social Feed, and FaceGEN) are half-cooked.Social feed is attrocious. What the hell were they thinking? You get a positive, a neutral and a negative 'tweet' for everything you do. It doesn't get boring. It's boring from the get go.FaceGEN, while a cool idea, is executed awfully. You'll see your manager pic everywhere. There's no escaping it, unless you disable the feature from the get go. Even then, you still have to choose some horrific images. Not only this, but the regen images are awful. Seriously awful. Most of my youth products are bald or have demonic eyes.The general game idea is the same. The first few years are cool. Then the imbalanced regens appear and the AI appear to be clueless on how to build a team. I respect this is difficult, but they need to spend more time on AI and the actual tactical aspect on the game rather messing around with gimmicky features (In-game twitter).The lack of updates is annoying too. Unable to drag and drop players bug is a killer.Uninstalled. Playing FM2016.No regrets."
76561198040250255,Not Recommended,482730,33402061,Posted: 9 July,all,MaVeRicK,"Game is decent. I am on my 5th season. I have started this game early 90's with cm and cmita, playing eversince I adore football. But I stopped paying for it every year. FM2013 was my earlier game.My adivice to gamers and football fans: Buy FM in every 5 years of period, because there are only minor improvements mostly and only we are paying for a database update. Which can be easily done by community.My advice to publishers and developers: Stop asking 30-40$ for the samething on every November, just sell an update for 5-10$'s so everything might make a sense for the greater good."
,Recommended,482730,26458679,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Aatif Chahechouhe,"Almost didn't buy the game because of the negative reviews, most complaning about how there has been no changes to the game play. This turns out to be not the case at all. I'll go through a short pros/cons that can be helpful.Pros:- Match engine is much improved compared to 2016. Full backs are much more in line with how they should perform, and attacks/passing show much more variance. In 2016 it was always the same ""through pass to full back, cross, goal"" formula, now you can actually see some variety in attacks. On top of that, defending seems more balanced with players avoiding getting caught off position and actually behaving like regular defenders instead of marauding savages who always charge to the ball.- Scouting in general seems a lot better.- Match reporting is a huge upgrade. I can't understand how people are neglecting this so easily. Pre and post match reports are way more detailed now, with heatmaps too!- Some people reported that their team plays the same regardless the tactic. This is not the case at all. I have a control based 4-3-2-1 and a counter attacking 4-4-1-1. My team is very responsive to the tactic switches, and perform/play significantly different when switched to the other tactic.- Social feed is a nice touch, even though it seems to be not fully developed.Cons:- There are a lot of groundbreaking updates that SI seems to be ignoring every year. They need to go through some of those and actually implement a few.- Same texts for press conferences, player interactions. These are getting old real fast. Need to have new options/interactions here. Would be better to interact with players regarding tactics etc.- Injuries... still devastating.- AI isn't the brightest. During my Champions League 3rd Qual Round match, Monaco didn't even bother to close down my players when we were holding a narrow 1 goal lead at the end of the game, while my players casually wasted time in the middle of the pitch.Overall:With yearly releases this is pretty much what you gonna get.Is it a massive upgrade compared to 2016?No.Is it better than 2016?Yes.Am I enjoying it?Yes.Would I recommend it?Yes."
,Not Recommended,482730,28479017,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Sheen,"This game is basically a refresh FM 2016 with database updates. Even then, you can still see players with same attributes as last year. DISAPPOINTING!"
76561198019555284,Not Recommended,482730,26979525,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Koskenkorva!,"Will this be my last one?Football manager 2017 review, (this review is based of the base price of the game and improvability, sry for my bad english in advance )I have bought all the FM titles since FM 2007 and i have a fair bit of experience playing this game. I have spent hours after hours trying to work out the best possible strategies etc and it has been very interesting and a fun journey through all these years. FM has always been a very addicting and difficult game to master and still is to this day. There is no better feeling than winning the premiership or any sort of cups you have been trying win for years but have never managed to take the final step up. But why will this be my last title?PositivesThe most important factor in this game, improvability. In this years title there has been quite a few new improvements.Social timeline (social media tab) – a very nice improvement to the game, this adds alot of immersion towards playing the game and it feels better getting that needed win against your main rival or you sign a new player, and seeing the sosial medias reaction to it. But after a few games this might seem a bit repetitive and you will soon start seeing the same posts popping up again. This is definently a nice step forward and needs a bit of improvement.Crispier graphics – They have improved the graphics a bit during matches and the players are more clear and just looks better. (the way they, shoot, pass, drible etc)Big signings – I have noticed that teams like city, utd, Real, etc signs big players for stupid high values, which is just like in real life and again, that makes the game alot more challenging and immersive.Taking a picture for yourselves the manager – thats a very nice addon for players that want to have an option to do so.These are some of the main features in this game i have noticed so far after playing about a 100 hours. Ofc there are alot more improvements to the game but they are significantly smaller than these once i have listed and it would take ages to write this review if i were to add them.NegativesLets start of with something i have always wanted them to do something about, but they never have.Press conferences – press conferences is huge part of real life football. But why do i still see the exact same questions since fm 12, this is a joke and needs to be improved. Most people just send their assitants including me because of the lack of variaty in the press conferences.Match engine – No improvements towards the match engine so far, and has been the same since fm 14 and 15. Same sort of goals beeing scored most of the time. An example can be crosses, why is it that your team just cannot defend crosses, why is crosses beeing scored this often, in pretty much every single match i play, there is always a cross goal. Completely no marking, even though your team instructions is put on structured and tight marking. This leads to another flaw in the match engine. Which is team instructions, try and put your instructions to play out of defence, and take a look at how many times your goalkeeper is going to kick the ball up completely ignoring your instruction (this is just an example) Or all the times your team, shoots it from outside the box when they are told to work the ball in to the box. This is the biggest flaw with the game in my opinion so far and they never seem to fix this.Player moral – this has been in the game since the early fm days. And it is completely broken, you could be winning the premiership with maybe 10 points and have full control. And then you unluckily loose at home to a premiership mid team which is normal. And you would be thinking we could bounce back even stronger in the next game despite the teams horrible performance in the previous game. But thats not the case, the moral is going to decrease significantly, making the players completey useless despite their huge lead in the league, and this will often result in a bad run. A bad run can last for a couple of games, and that just makes the moral worse until you can fianlly talk to your team saying we need to step up, boosting the moral again. And you can only do this when you are below your expactation in the league, so lets just say, you have a huge lead in the league, but towards the end you start loosing alot of games and teams behind start to catch up, having a team meeting will cause the moral to go down, despite their terrible form because of their league position.Unhappiness –,Another thing is that you can not talk to your own players when they are unhappy, that is the biggest load of bull and there is need for a much better system around that.  Players get unhappy for stupid reasons, mostly first team football, even if you have a player who has played most of your games he will still complain. And then he goes to complain to his teammates which brakes the moral even more…I will continue to update this review as time goes on, these are just some of the few things ive experienced so far with this game.For a experinced player who is looking to buy the new game i can’t recommend it in this state, just keep your old one and be happy about it.For a newer player however, it might be worth a shot, since its basically the same as all the previous fms. (If you put fm 2012 up aginst fm 2017 theres not a big differnce at all, which is shocking btw)This will most likely be my last fm title if they dont sort things out soon.(Mind boggeling that they charge full price for this game) If anyone disagrees on something i would love to hear it :)(extra note, regens is broken, all regens which spawns turns in to physical beasts, which litteraly can win a boxing tournament...)"
76561198032781575,Not Recommended,482730,26408392,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Tubey,"Simply not good enough. Ice skating players on the match engine and terrible goalkeepers kill all immersion, and the gameplay is a weird mix of over the top simulation about every aspect of football imaginable, combined with the players on the pitch utterly ignoring everything you do.This is akin to using a spreadsheet that doesn't work - throroughly unenjoyable. Football Manager lost the magic a long time ago, and this edition doesn't bring it back. It needs a complete rework from the ground up at this point."
76561198037747987,Not Recommended,482730,26513215,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,PmMeYourPassword,"Love the Fm series but this is just getting old now. Barely anthing has changed in the engine, dumb social media page with same 3 responses repeated, ton of goals still come from crosses, goalkeepers are either awful or insane, fullbacks rack up insane amount of assists. Same thing as last year sadly."
76561197977315260,Not Recommended,482730,34091168,Posted: 7 August,all,Locomotive,"The game has not changed much in recent years. You're essentially paying for just a roster update, which I may add that mods have already done so.  Match engine has not really improved much at all.Crossing is still broken as much as FM16 since neither the goalkeeper nor the defenders respond to arieal threat as much as the forwards.  Fullbacks still station way too narrow when defending and not covering the edges. Very high # of shots from long range from everybody even with retained possession, work in box, and shooting less instructions.  Insane # of shots going for the corner flags instead of anywhere near the goal. Still issue with players being derpy by back passing toward goalkeeper and stolen as the striker was closer or not properly clearing the ball out of play.   Huge problem with players being drawn out of position, ie all your defenders chasing after the ball and leave wide open opponents on the flanks.Maybe it's me, but in previous version offisides are not called for a player behind the defenders but do not touch the ball as it goes in when shot from somewhere else.  On the other hand, offsides are not called enough for when forwards that are receiving the ball are clearly behind defenders before the ball was pasesd.There are still no youth squad fixtures for the majority of the lower division teams (U23's, U19's, etc.) even after the issue was raised and developers acknowledged it 4-5 months ago.  You'd have to manually schedule every friendlies for youth teams to keep your reserve team match fit and/or train up the youth teams. This continues even if you accepted every single season for league invites.There are positives such as slightly improved performance/graphics, relatively less injuries than fm16, a little better UI"
76561198288847562,Not Recommended,482730,28283071,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,bossanova000,"23 years. Started off with the 3.5' disk on CM and saw its demise until i migrated over to FM. It was great coupled with endless hours of addiction and joy. Data has always been the team strength as the guys in FM were mostly from CM in the past. Great user interface with year on year minor tweaks; typical of this company. From a teenager to a family man, Championship Manager and FM has always been a part of my life.But this 2017 edition tops the trash bin. Its a rubbish. Given the resources and the expertise developed over the years, the match engine is no better than an amateur who started off programming. UI is not optimised and worse of all, it is no better than FM 2016. Bottom line is, i thought i loaded a wrong game as it has 90% similarity to FM 2016! I honestly do not know how one can manage to give a good review unless they are paid for to rave things up.Overall, except for the updates to the player and club database, i will give it a miss. Match engine, i suggest you go for commentary as it only serves to make your blood boil. Damage, go buy other games. Verdict: Drop it."
,Not Recommended,482730,29825447,Posted: 10 February,all,Vertiel,"My review is not for the new players. I wrote this for the people who played FM for years.I have been playing FM since the FM 2008. I really like the concept and i played 2016 almost for 500 hours. But today is the day that i understood, i had enough of this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Seriously, every year they add very little changes to the game and i bought them and played them with joy. But this year, my patience ran out. There are several reasons for why i will quit the fm games from now on. But i don't have much time right now. So i will tell you about only the biggest one : THE STUPIDITY OF THE AI... I might edit my review in the future and tell about the other ones as well but i am not sure if i will.I will not be writing about the ai's stupidity out of the pitch. Because like i said i don't have much time right now, and the stupidity out of the pitch is not really a reason to quit this beatiful concept. But on the other hand, the ai's idiocy in the pitch is annoying. For an example, your team uses a corner, and almost all of your players are inside the penalty area, trying to get the ball in. But you left one or two players in the centre circle to avoid any counter attacks. Your player used the corner, and the opposite team sent away the ball, towards the centre circle. And the ball is coming towards your players which were left to stop a counter attack. And if your players just walk towards the ball, they will have it easily. But they don't! They just wait for an opposite to get the ball. And then they start to press him! What a wonderful move! This is just a beatiful example of the cleverness of the ai...That was just one example. But there are lots of them. And the main problem is, this kind of errors were in the game for years... They didn't fix them with a patch. They didn't improve them in the next year's games... I love football manager... I really love picking my favourite team and creating my own squad. Playin against big fellas like Mourinho and Pep... But i will quit this. Because i really don't think that they will ever improve their game. We play the same game for years now. They don't add anything important, and the vital point is they don't even fix their problems..."
,Not Recommended,482730,29147820,Posted: 9 January,all,KR33PY #teamc,I can't even be bothered writing a full review that would only say what the majority have already.Same old rubbish.Only thing this is worth is a £10 dlc.To charge the price they have for something that has an updated player list is disgusting!
,Not Recommended,482730,33995650,Posted: 3 August,all,NDarcy,"FM just gets worse with every single iteration. If you want to play in lower leagues outside England, forget it. The financial aspect of the game is grossly overlooked and every single club bleeds money, even if you keep well within the wage budget. The ME artificially evens games by having AI teams have around 400% better efficiency (they score twice the goals in half the chances). Be prepared to dominate every single statistical aspect of a match, hit the woodwork 2-3 times in every match, and to see the AI team score on the very first shot in half of them and manage to grab a result (the opposite is never true: if an AI team dominates a match against you and gets 20 shots, you'll lose heavily).I used to be a huge fan of this game since the old days of Championship Manager, even back in the old Amiga 500. Now this just sucked out all the fun of playing. No matter which players I use, which tactics I use, basically I just feel that I have no control whatsoever over matches. They will go as the AI decides they go, with AI teams always getting the aforesaid 400% better efficiency in front of goal.Players have become morons or psychos. Even if one is signed as a backup, and has that squad status, by the end of September he will already be asking to talk to you to moan about lack of first team football. Meaning: it's nearly impossible to maintain squad harmony with a 22 man squad, because nearly half of them will be constantly complaining. But hey, we get some new questions and answers to give in press conferences, so that must account for something, right?Hugely disappointed with how this franchise has been developing. So much that I find myself frequently playing the older versions instead. The new ones just seem specifically designed to aggravate players."
76561198055921635,Not Recommended,482730,26415838,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,tokey,"Game engine still broken.FM 16 with a few new screens, a few hours work altering UI.If you downloaded this as dlc for 16 you would probably still be upset."
,Not Recommended,482730,31161657,Posted: 15 April,all,Immigrant,"This game is officially stale.Nothing changes. The big issues remain year after year, and parts of the game are so insanely tedious. My biggest complaint is that the media is still so boring and yet so time consuming. My second biggest issue is that the level of interaction with the squad is still very very shallow. Players complain if you meet with them too frequently, but in real life this happens every day or 2. You can't gauge from the players what is going on, or what they think, and sometimes a response you give is completely the opposite tone of what you intended. It completely ruins immersion and makes the game much less fun to play.I don't care about the 3D engine, I don't care about graphics. I want the game to be fun, and the only thing you talk about improving every version is the 3D match engine. I don't care about it. It adds literally nothing, and feels like a ploy to get FIFA players into the game, but adds absoutely nothing to the game itself. 0 added value. Nothing. Nada.Who can blame the devs though, we still give them our money every year, even after saying we won't. Of course they will get lazy, they don't have to innovate to earn customers, so we are as to blame as anyone else is.I've been playing since Championship Manager Italia, the game where Juergen Kohler would get 9.8/10 every game. Back then I would find an excuse to press Continue just one more time. Unfortunately, the series has been getting worse and worse for the last few iterations, and has lost the fun it used to have. I now boot it up once in a while, play for an hour and then after getting fed up of 5 useless press interviews and other pointless screens, I then exit. It's a pity.Sorry SI, this will be the last time I buy it an FM game until there are big changes."
76561198015463756,Not Recommended,482730,31403836,Posted: 27 April,all,Dusbero,"Okay. I gave this a negative review before. Quite a harsh one.I gave it another crack last week and something just clicked. It's the same game as last year sure. But it does feel new. Would you be happy with 2016? Probably.But it doesn't make the game bad.Does the game need new features? Yes.Is this game worth the full price? No. Wait for it in sale, then it's worth it.It's a good game, I just wouldn't pay full price for it.Old Review BelowFranchise has lost over 400,000 players since last year. Over 500,000 players since 2013. For good reason.This franchise has gone stale. I used to pile 300-800 hours into these games. FM17? 36 hours.I won't be giving them anymore money. FM is the best football manager simulation game, it's also the worst. Maybe the lack of competition had held them back? Maybe it's because every feature that people request is often ignored.I hope eventually there will be a release of a game thats worth buying."
,Recommended,482730,26108917,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Péss,"TL;DR - Its better than FM16, not groundbreaking, but its good. 8/10*This is a BETA review, I will continue to update this review as I get further into the game.-Football Manager 2017. Well where do I start? Honestly I was a little apprehensive when even considering purchasing it, simply because I've been disappointed by the lack of innovation or progression by the past versions, namely 2014 and 2015. Soo did this version manage to finally meet expectations? Yes.Okay, aside from the standard database updates, there are quite a few things to note about the new series.Overlay:I for one can say that this new overlay of FM17, definitely looks significantly crisper and cleaner than its predecessors. The simple white background looks significantly better than the cluttered and messy overlay used in the previous generations. Definitely a plus point.Also glad they kept the layout of the buttons, though it took time to get used to in the past, it is definitely more streamlined and organised than those of the 2011 and 2012 versions.Match Engine:Okay I know the video that SI posted up looked as though there was absolutely no difference whatsoever in the 3D engine, however rest assured, it is definitely far from it. The movement does look smoother, and yes I do agree the AI is definitely smarter as well (though wish they could be even smarter, sometimes stupid things still happen). Couple of new moves and celebrations have been added, but nothing overall groundbreaking. Just a nicer feel to the overall gameplay experience.Manager Creator (Designing):Well this one is a nice touch, but it lacks features, significantly. It's a nice idea, but that's about it. Simple a nice idea. That hasn't been executed that well. Lack of options to customise the character is disappointing. Seems to have no choice in some cases. Personally I think this is a totally pointless feature. But maybe it's still beta soo for all I know maybe there will be more options on full release.Press Conference:Same old story. Nothing much to say here. Just some new questions and more ways to answer. Nothing much. (Still gonna skip most press conference unless its a big match).BREXIT:Well well who would have thought SI would include this in the game? BIG BIG PLUS POINT. Absolutely love it, it makes things more realistic. Though it runs on the presumption of the regulations that may be put in place its a nice idea. I like it. But it be nice to have an option to disable it for those that don't want it. Nice touch, I like!Transfer System:I like the new input of the way in which the agent can speak with you in terms of promises to the player that will be transfered. This gives you greater freedom to see what the player himself wants from joining your club. Also gives you a good idea if you will be able to accomodate him hence further impact on your decision to purchase him. Thumbs up!Staff:Okay, soo many of us heard SI banging on about the introduction of ""Sport Scientist"" etc as staff members, now personally i've left the recruitment side of it to my board members. Hence nothing much to comment about there, though I have signed MANY sport scientists apparently. Anyways, what delights me more is the scouting regime that is in placed. My scouts pick up significantly more players than ever before, finding many and giving much more indepth analysis.Training:Well here's the touchy subject. Many people often complain that their team has too many injuries and claim it is the game's problem. Well infact, it's not. If you explored deeper into the game mechanics, you will realise that the way inwhich you do your training (team) affects their overall fitness. Next up the individual trainining regimes you put players on, also affect it as well! If you overwork your player, there is a significantly higher chance of them getting injured! Training is actually quite fun to set up, soo on my part I recommend actually attempting to control the training and not leave it all to your 'Assistant Manager'.Overall Summary:Tbc"
76561198316926039,Not Recommended,482730,26586105,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,only a half eaten cookie,"For £35 you could ask that girl you fancy on a date, take her to Pizza Express and pay for her meal, have a successful relationship, get married when you're 25, have kids a few years later, retire as millionaires as you both have great careers then die happy. Conversely, you can buy this game, regret it for the rest of your life and die alone."
,Not Recommended,482730,31474486,Posted: 30 April,all,iamSHlTbasterd,"Have been playing since Championship Manager 2, so this review is a long time coming.. but it'll be short.Pros :You pay $40 for an AI that can predicted thousands of games simultaneously with a baffling level of detail.You can (with support from the community) completely reskin the game, add new features (Instant Match for example) and craft your FM experience exactly how you want it.The editors are great for crafting your own story.With all the detail, you - the reader, can craft your own stories and drama and histories and legends with the help of an accurate statistics creator.Cons :The real drama of football is not here.Players don't have rivalries.Teams don't have identity or passion.The press conferences are the same dire crap that have existed since their inception.After 5 seasons nothing will surprise you.After 10 seasons it's a mess.After 20 seasons it's a crushing moment of knowing you have wasted your life.If it wasn't for the vast modifications I have for my game, I wouldn't be playing (see sortitoutsi )I really hope this game has a future because the 3D match engine is fun for highlights, but with no ability to run the club as a business, as a manager, as a scout, as anyhting other than a monkey that hits space bar....Time to change.Maybe for all of us."
76561197999060578,Not Recommended,482730,26399238,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,CerberusFX,"FM16 glitzed up, getting fed up of them adding stuff that is basically irellevant just to justify a new release when a patch would have done.That and my best player is unhappy before I've even completed a training session because I wouldn't sell him way below his value. Players constantly unhappy is half the battle with this game these days and it's not enjoyable.As a massive fan of the series, had every one since about 93/94 season and games like soccer boss before that, just strip it back a bit and stop ripping people off every year."
76561198032167218,Not Recommended,482730,26267857,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Strideradu,"SEGA said they are working on to add Chinese support so I may change this review later based on the progress.As a player originally from China, I just want to give everyone not from China a simple explanation why this year so many Chinese buyers just give FM negative reviews because of lack of Chinese version.The several top reviews somehow are right, SI never includes the Chinese in the game and the store page never said there will be a Chinese version. But this already last for about 10 years. Chinese buyers never do anything like this year.Why? Because Chinese customer not only wants to give the negative review for the lack of Chinese version but also the attitude the SI showing. So in 2011 some people asking if there will be a Chinese version from SI, Mile Jacobson replied that they need 20k copy sold in China (https://twitter.com/milesSI/status/128969002398646274) (P.S.: before this link found, he even deny he said that... Come on ). In 2016, from steamspy, there are 40000 copys sold in China( 5th in the world). So some one aksing SI again, then Mile Jacobson just repled like this (https://twitter.com/milesSI/status/791659905933533184). Read his reply, do you think SI really care about customers???? Of course people from other countries may not need to struggle with this as they already have official language support. But what if you have other opinions for the game? Do you think the developer will listen to you?And for many Chinese customers using 200 RMB to buy a game is not a small cost, but they were encouraged by the 20k promise so there are a lot of people just got the games. But right now SI just made them extremely disappointed."
76561197998266429,Not Recommended,482730,30286099,Posted: 2 March,all,T_Neumann,"Easily the clunkiest, buggiest, biggest JOKE of a manager game that this company has ever produced.Quite how it has gradually got worse year on year is beyond me.Boy oh boy do we need a knight in shining armor to come and create a rival manager game because SI are complacant as ♥♥♥♥ year after year, churning out this tripe knowing that it will sell regardless.Well at least this year it's fans have had enough, at least according to the reviews. Here's hoping SI take note and hang their heads in shame."
76561198002800775,Not Recommended,482730,28569490,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Emiya Kiritsugu,Worst of the series.There were always stupid things on game like too often idiotic decisions too much incredible goal miss what so ever.But this one is worst.For example best penalty taker of Euro 16 Bogdan Stancu misses 4 of 5 penalties in game.Injuries every match of course.One of my players got 3 back to back red cards for being Jackie Chan on the pitch.I dont reccomend ir to anyone but i will keep playin it.I will always gonna play it because i love the game.Sadly they are makin it worse every year
,Not Recommended,482730,31299873,Posted: 22 April,all,☠✠☩ Mr.Nekator ☩✠☠,"Dominance/Monopolism rarely is good..that´s true for Business, Soccer and Videogames. Since Segas Manager is more or less the last professional Manager Sim, they mostly stopped improving (which wasn´t even that good a Simulation before imo).In case of FM 2017 it has reached a level, where the only new thing compared with the 2016 is the Social Media Feed... wow...So now it is mostly unplayable, due to quite some stupid gameplay choices (Injuries en masse... Players who are threatening to leave after letting them out for two or three games.. a very limited availability to managing the club in general...etc etc...) which haven´t changed over the last years.. or even got worse.I won´t begin from the abysmal AI in the live games, where the defender stupidly looks at the ball laying in front of him like it is some alien technology he never has seen before, waiting for the attacker to arrive and take it away... time and time again.The game really is just annoying anymore...I will cut it short.. there is no reason to buy the FM anymore... as long as they don´t improve the game for real, which would mean a new engine, a whole do over of the gameplay and more... and which won´t happen any time soon.Conclusio: Gah...Point Score: 3/10"
76561198002307287,Not Recommended,482730,26356963,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,luvs to spooge.,"Football manager is a solid game but i like many others feel conned at forking out full price every year for what essentially feels nothing more than a patch. Tee 3D engine has a slight improvement on last years but still looks like a fifa game from 15 years ago. The twitter feed has a short lived novelty value but adds nothing to the playing experience and you simply stop looking at it after a few games. The match interviews don't feel much different. The only good new feature is the pre-negotiations in contracts but its no where near enough to justify paying the full price for. If you are reading this then i assume you have not bought it yet so i will sum it up for you here.Football manager 2016 + £35 in your pocket is way better than football manager 2017.Its not a bad game, its just the same game and horrendously overpriced for what you are getting."
76561198062924575,Not Recommended,482730,26344255,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Sulls,"Well 55 hours in and i would say that FM 17 is no different from FM 16..Matchs look slightly better, plays 10% better than 16 but not enough of a reason to buy.Too few new features. Same questions and answers which get boring quickly.Played FM for years, last year I had spent over 2200 hours on FM 16..Ñever wrote a review until now.. Disappointed to say the least.Save yourself few pounds and stay with FM16 for a while.."
,Not Recommended,482730,26411427,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,siemcarlo,"Haven't bought Football Manager since 2013. I made a decision to never waste money on it again back then, as I simply didn't like the repetitive and frustrating direction the gameplay was being taken. The amount of injuries on FM games, regardless what training routine you use, is preposterous and should have been fixed years ago. Here I am again in 2016, still reporting that very problem. A problem that has plagued this franchise from day one. Playing the Beta version of 2017, it's the same old story. Players acting like children, injuries that kill any attempt you make at being successful. (They are relentless and unforgiving). Inexcusable. I can only assume the makers are taking the p*ss.The tactics I find, are useless. I've tried at least five different formations and all have the same problem. Nothing happens but 'INCONSISTENCY'. Star players can't hit a barn door. (Try being Spurs manager - Kane won't score for me, Everyone gets injured all the time. It's a mess. An awful experience. A waste of electricity). Neither can the players ever sort their attitude out. As Juventus manager, I had to turn it off by October. Another awful, problematic squad, that wouldn't perform and were constantly injured.You are bombarded with problems that detract from actual 'fun gameplay'. My players come across as whiney, spiteful creatures, who will do nothing for the shirt for very long. They can't be praised, because they then underperform. If you don't praise them, they underperform. (Wonderful!!! Lots of fun to be had here I see!).The team talks are an assault on my Chi. It doesn't matter what you say, or what tone you say it, INCONSISTENCY and players underperforming is the result. Results and match events, are a continuous slap in the face, making you ask 'what did I say wrong now!???'. Every team talk and press conference is a lottery. What you think is a common sense statement, is actually a trick to ruin your team cohesion. This game is awful. It's actually been developed to make you feel harassed at something you love doing. It can't even be called a 'simulation', because the injuries and the behaviour of the players, is totally unrealistic and contrived to frustrate you.In-game tactical instructions are limited and do NOTHING.You can spend hours trying to figure out what role to give a player and never get it right.Say something the game doesn't like, (99% of what you are given as a choice, ends up in disaster) and your whole squad will collapse. It's totally hit and miss.Fiddle all you like if that's your thing, but you are either getting sacked, or the players will lose faith, or you will switch it off, because at that point, you will realise that you hate your life, that you wasted time on this game's BS and the fact you've wasted all that money on it again.So my question is: What is this 'game'? A virtual reconstruction of what my hell would be like? When did 'games' become a bloody hindrance?You also have that lame old problem, of players complaining about lack of play time, disrupting the squad, even though they've been playing. One minute they are playing well, (the only one in your team mind), then they complain for no reason and you've lost their form all season from that point too. You still can't tell players they are a disgrace and will never play for the club again. They just keep spiting you somehow and you can't do anything about it apart from fine them after a few warnings. (Warnings which do nothing). Anything sets them off. This game makes you feel like putting everyone on the transfer list and breaking your laptop. Every time I press 'continue', it hits me with another slap in the face. It's so convoluted and utterly infuriating nowadays, what's the point of this 'game' anymore? It has no point. It has ruined what everybody loved about football management games and churned out this totally unsatisfying rubbish year after year. But hey, as long as the facia is a bit different, they'll get away with charging you another forty quid.Never again. Never again. This time the bridge will never be rebuilt."
76561198063635149,Not Recommended,482730,29174999,Posted: 10 January,all,alex.rowe,"I have been playing Football Manager since 2007 (handeld and full game) and this is by far the worst one I have bought, even worse than 2008 which was the worst one for me. I am doing a career with Bournemouth and I obviously understand that I am not going to win every game 5-0. BUT every game is the same no matter what tactics I use or whether its against Man U or Sunderland.  My team has majority possesion, 15 shots on target, 3 clear cut chances the other team will have 3 shots on target and I draw 1-1 or even worse lose. I understand this happens very rarely in real life but on this game it happens 9 out of 10. Sometimes the other team has only 1 shot on target and I will lose which is so annoying. AND  no matter what tactics I use my team shoots from outside the box, my strikers will literally go through on goal 1 on 1 and shoot from outside the box????????????? It is not realistic at all, Liverpool, Chelsea and Man City all finish mid-table? It is terrible, really terrible. AND to make it even worse they charge £30+??? for what??? As far as i can tell there have been no real upgrades to the game that deserve that. Truly pathetic from Sports Interactive and unless I read that there have been major improvements in the next one you have lost a 10 year long customer. BUY FM14 instead."
76561198048641049,Not Recommended,482730,26451754,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,cream&pie,"For a game that only does small tweaks each year, the price is ridiculous. How much is FM17 better than FM12? I have no idea. The ME essentially stayed the same, and 3D has been a joke all the way, even for the price of FM12 (25 USD I think), and I still don't know which tactic system is actually better. All the new features and improvements are not about the football part of the game. Don't tell me about the so-called ME and AI improvement. It basically means AI will stop doing some stupid things while picking up some other stupid things to do. Sadly SI just keeps harvesting money out of our addiction LOL."
,Not Recommended,482730,27143632,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dave_Eagles,"The problem with steam reviews is that there is no middle ground, either things are a positive or a negative. While I want to  give this game a positive review, I know my feelings for it are more neutral so I have to give it a negative review instead. The reason I have this urge is because I love the football manager series, sinking in 1000+ hours each year to Sports Interactive's football management game. I love the series like no other and each year I've seen improvements to all aspects of the game, but not so much in FM2017.There is a lot of positive things to say about the game. The graphics have improved on last year, there is a lot more varied animations, there's a lot of new ways to interact with players off the pitch, there's the addition of a social media feed which can be entertaining if you give them a read, and the most positive part, is that it's still the same old football manager game I know and love.However, none of that matters. You wll have players requesting transfers for not qualifying for the champions league if you miss out on it in the league but win the europa league. The players who leave will wonder why you've not let them go for half of their value. You will struggle to sell many of your players, and when you try and bid for opposing team players don't even try to negotiate because anything less than 100m is an insult. While many teams in real life think agents rip them off wait until they see the agent fees in football manager! And if you don't pay the agent fees, say goodbye to negotiating with that player until the next window. If the player wanted the move but negotiations collapsed because of the agents the player won't sack their agent, they will instead carry on with the same agent with low morale because of the collapsed move. The engine is still full of problems, and while i don't see losing 3-1 when your opponent has 3 shots and you have 30+ a problem like other people (that's football sometimes) I think that there are a lot of improvements to be made. Keepers make more mistakes than they should, the players don't react realistically and rarely do you ever see players making clever runs. There's never much of a need to adapt, you will find a tactic that works for your team, stick with it, go on a massive winning run and the opposition won't change their tactics or force you to change yours. There are loads more problems and you only need to look at forums to see long lists of issues. To me though, it feels more like a game than a simulation, and games can be exploited in different ways that simulations can't.If I was to recommend this game to anyone, it would be to new football manager players, it's a lot more streamlined than it used to be and much easier to figure out. However if you're a long term football manager player, think wisely before you make the purchase because you will recognise some of the same problems from past versions which still haven't been addressed."
76561198141804039,Not Recommended,482730,26414744,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Eight18,Goalkeepers might as well not exist and keep losing games where I have 25 shots to their 1.Just gonna keep playing FM16 until they fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,482730,26408494,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Gaffer,"In FM16 I enjoyed a decent amount of success, took small clubs up to the bigger leagues etc, in FM17 I'm lucky if I don't concede 4 goals in the first half of a game. Maybe it's just me but, for all the steps SI took in fixing the match engine's broken crosses from last year, it feels like they've taken several steps back in the defensive aspect of the game and also how effective player instructions are."
76561198037986780,Not Recommended,482730,26509921,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,punk,"I highly recommend to not buy this game...  been a pro and long time supporter of these games since cm97/98 and FM17 is the 3rd worst game in the series number one being CM4 and number two being FM16.FM17 is just a prettier version of FM16 with new added features still the same broken game engine and mechanics.  Mac users as well will not benefit with FM17 as the game runs poorly due to a poorly optimized game with in the game menu, to 2D Classic to 3D match engine.  only solution in fixing this issue for macbook pro users is turning off retina support but enjoying a pixellated game ranging from the menus to the game engines.  And the only response from SI about this matter is ""the engine has been improved"".  improved as in broken where FM15 and FM16 ran flawlessly for mac users.And you cant get a refund as by the time you weighed all your options and work arounds which are non existant, ur passed the expiration time.A NO BUY, SPECIALLY FOR MAC USERS."
,Recommended,482730,26118853,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Valkyrie.,"So, I am one of the fans that buys the game each year no matter what, but I am not biased. This is only the beta version (the full release will be launched in 4th November) .First Impressions:1.  There is more information than ever, which is easy to access in the panels. Before and after each game you receive a report from your analyst in which you can find every information about the opponent. Yes, in the editions before you could only have a report about the next opponent, but not one after the match. Now, in FM 17 your analyst will compile a summary of the match after it's finished and you can see what went good / wrong. This saves you time of analysing each stat after a game. In my opinion this is one of the most powerful features of FM 17.2. The game runs on 64-bits if you have a 64-bit OS and CPU. This is great because you can feel how fast and responsive the game is.3. This might be a minor change / addition, but the new skin (the green one) is excellent. Easy on the eye, easy to read and pleasant even at night.4. I've played about 20-30 games so far and I can really say that this match engine is good. No more overpowered crosses to the back / near post. No more unmarked fullbacks and ultra-concentrated game in the middle. I tried 4-5 different tactics (4-4-2 diamond narrow, 4-4-2 flat, 4-3-3, 4-2-3-1 wide and a strikerless one). Each of these tactics worked as you would expect it too.5. Scouting not has a new option when you want to get information about a new player (Scout until full knowledge). Not a big deal, but it's a welcome addition.6. The pre-season takes longer then before because you recieve more information and therefor, you access more information. Also, signing a player take a tidy bit longer because of the negociations and so is when offering a new contract to one of your players (in most cases).Comparison to FM 15 and 16.When FM 16 came out I was very excited because I loved the interface, the responsiveness of the game, even the way the font popped out on the background itself. In short, I loved it. The problem was in the match engine and I have to say that it was the biggest dissapointment I ever had in FM. The opponent was defending so narrow that it would leave acres of space down the flanks so your fullbacks were always unmarked. It was almost pointless to play an AMC because you would NEVER take advantage if his creativity since he will 90% of the situations just pass it down the flanks where were your unmarked fullbacks. The second issue was the overpowered crosses.  Because of these 2 big problems I felt compelled to revert back to FM15 (which I loved). Now, FM 17 looks even better than FM16 and the match engine is very good (given the fact that it's only a beta). By the way, I haven't seen any major or big bugs in the game so far. FM15 was a very good edition which provided great functionality, a more than decent match engine, but it felt a bit laggy overall.Things that I think need improving in FM17.1. The player models in 3D on the pitch and the ball itself need some tweaking, minor touches. The ball looks a bit too bright and the player's jerseys seem a bit unclear if you use a distant camera (elevated).2. The colors in Football Manager Light Skin need serious improvement. It has very bad contrast in every aspect. However, the dark skin and the new one (green) look very good.Honestly, I am trying hard to think of ""bad things"" in FM17. After the backlash they got for FM16 match engine, the developers corrected their mistakes big time and they added a lot of new things upon that. Regarding the match engine, I think the progression has stalled because of the setback in FM16, but the good news is that now it's playable and really enjoyable. I hope you find this review useful."
76561198063984283,Not Recommended,482730,26421743,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,taylorguo23,"For the past thounds of hours in this series(I mean literally more than 2000hrs), you can see they made a few patches here and there. however, maybe because there is no real competitive /rival game in the market, a lot of crucial things stay unchanged. For example, the tactic switch from attack to defense or vice versa had never been introduced. As I did in the past 2 version, the tactic German used in world cup is quite powerful, normally gave me more than 5 goals per match, while   you could not move 1 of the AM player into midfield to fill the empty when you lose the ball control. Till now, A typical 433 attack 442 defend is still not achievable , while PES could do it years ago. I haven't mentioned the crappy game engine, in 2017, you could still see the classic mistake for the final defender walk like 80s to a ball 2 meters away, while the attacker easily grab the loose ball and scores. The keeper just stone still. He can speak, speak the same English as the defender, and clearly see the fast approaching attacker, and yet for more than 3 second, he did nothing but just let the defender slowly walk to the ball and lose it. Ridiculous."
76561198065604441,Not Recommended,482730,26403480,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Hooobbit,"Its Fm16 with a transfer update, a few new screens and the same broken match engine."
76561198068644965,Not Recommended,482730,29015588,Posted: 4 January,all,ibartul,This is FM 2016 - update 16.2017.1
76561197998133104,Not Recommended,482730,32002969,Posted: 27 May,all,Aidan,"I've played Football Manager games for the best part of a decade and for the most part, really enjoyed them. However, in recent years the game has become more and more stale.I have over 640 hours logged on this year's game  but am struggling to see how is this game any better than last year's? The social feed feature which SI made a huge deal about pre-release is garbage and adds literally nothing to the gameplay experience, the goalkeepers ARE STILL BROKEN, letting the ball go though their hands every other game and the match engine is as bad as ever. I realise football in real life has some degree of ""randomness"" but when the player feels like they have absolutely no control over what happens over the course of a game it really ruins the experience.The transfer fees are ridiculous, I made a bid of £60 million for a decent looking regen in the German Second Division who had only made 3 appearances for the club and the bid was rejected.I feel like SI are really resting on their laurels, I can only hope that another Football management game comes out and forces SI to pull their fingers out. I will not be buying another Football Manager game unless I see evidence of substantial improvements."
,Not Recommended,482730,29419381,Posted: 22 January,all,Robbie,"Well, first off, I'm going to say that I do not intend to hate on this game what so ever, I'm just hoping someone from Sports Interactive reads this and figures out what's wrong with the game..PROS :- Good animations- Intelligent reporters- Social media (to an extent, it is good, but gets boring very quickly)- Great tactics feautureAnd that's literraly it..CONS :- AI moves around like it's having a stroke most of the time- Goalkeepers are absolutely terrible- Way too many yellow and red cards, even thought you've set your players to hold back- Clear cut chances are broken, some games it'll never ever go in, some games the goalkeeper decides he's gonna ave' a day off- Too repetitiveYup, it's basically a copy and paste of FM16 with some minor tweaks with the animations.PLAYED ON :Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6GHz16GB RAM + 1TB HDD + 256GB SSD17.3"" Full HD LED displayNVIDIA GeForce GTX980M 4GBWIFI + Windows 10 64bit"
76561198386885164,Not Recommended,482730,33923623,Posted: 31 July,all,Buu,"same game new skin...can you guys actually add new♥♥♥♥♥♥please. every year the teams act the exact same way. we get a third through a season then for some ♥♥♥♥ing uknown reason our managed teams go into mongo drive. im sick of it, how unrealistic it has become."
76561198025577275,Recommended,482730,33110861,Posted: 1 July,all,afifrais,Football Manager kept me off drugs and terrorist activities
76561198013818072,Not Recommended,482730,31206532,Posted: 17 April,all,iifever2,"As most people already wrote, I'm also getting tired of fancy updates with few ""improvements"" no one really wants or needs. FM needs an urgent re-vamp. I buy it every year, and while this year I was slightly hesitating, I bought it and - regretted.Here are my reasons.a) I've been following ""the wishlists"" for a quite few years now and the meaningful stuff people suggest (and there are wonderful and very doable ideas) hardly makes into the products.b) opposite to previous, insignificant stuff like ""social feed"" always happens, and personally, I find it as painful as pre- and post- media conferences. Here is why. Simply, you won a game: there's a few ""feeds"" about enthusiastic fans and always  one claiming ""messi wasn't anything special"". In other words, although it was added to help realism of the game, it really doesn't matter how did your team play, you always get pretty same (or very similar) ""feeds"".c) Academies! Academies! Academies! At this point, I find ""youth intake"" which you cannot influence at all - no matter what they claim - quite irritating. It hardly changed since 97/98. In reality, you don't have any control over it. I find it impossible if your club has the state-of-art facilites, extensive recruitment, throphy after throphy and it's absolutely focused on youth development that your 'youth intake' is absolutely worthless. Don't get me wrong, I do not expect a Messi or Ronaldo every year, but if your club reaches worldwide reputiation (and it's focued on youth development), I do expect at least several or perhaps few average players each year. Moreover, I personally find getting a good player to develop keeps my interest on the game.d) Facilities! Ok, I'm not talking about graphics. I believe a lot of people play in 2D anyway. I'm talking something more specific than ""improve facilities"" and waiting until October or December in the game for facilites to actually be improved. I'm pretty sure there are little improvements each club can do on its facilities (replace seats, install under-soli heating, invest in office-space...) which can come handy and also get more related with getting better sponsorship, sales of goods during the game...e) Dynamic rivalries! There has been a lot of talk about it, so I'll explain what I precisely mean. If one club in the league starts doing outstanding in continental competition, I find it ridiculous that its league rivals after 2, 5, 10 years of losing cannot 'follow the example' for improvement, find external funding, change owner...Especially, when today this is very dynamic everywhere and it would also add interest to the game. Now, we have something as so-and-so bought a club, they want to take it to the new heights and then ______________Or in other words, nothing happens.Long story short, I'm not buying game next year if I get bunch of 'rearranged stat tools' and another fancy update."
,Not Recommended,482730,30482648,Posted: 12 March,all,Colonel Blimp,"The game has got steadily worse over time and this confirms it. Buggy, awful match engine, unrealistic and it feels like matches are decided by the game before you even kick off regardless of tactics form etc. SI have got lazy and really need to rethink it. Poor, poor game by the standards they had begun to set a few years ago. Not worth the purchase price whatsoever."
76561198279168538,Not Recommended,482730,26443976,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,sNex-,"Bad.. More awkward to use than fm16, less enjoyable, nothing fixed with the game engine except the new camera view and the crowd look a little better. Feel ripped off, download the new transfer update for fm16 and save your money.They are taking advantage of people at this point. With the ammount of money they must make off this they should be releasing something 10x better."
,Recommended,482730,32552481,Posted: 18 June,all,Rogue_Zephyr,"First off, I got this in a sale (for just under £12) and I'm quite happy with what I get for the price. However, I do empathise with people who have payed the full price for what is essentially a reskinned version of FM16.If anyone is thinking of getting this, wait for a sale. It's not worth the full £39.99, but if you can get it for the sort of price I did, then its decent enough."
76561198181145271,Not Recommended,482730,26536558,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Beefy,"Terrible, unrealistic match engine. Hardcore fans don't buy this FM until this major, game breaking bug is fixed.4-4-2/4-4-1-1 in this version is completely broken as wingers/wide midfielders mindlessly stay far too wide defensively and you can't keep a proper defensive shape no matter what mentality, shape, TIs, PIs, OIs you use. They never move infield to help centrally. They refuse to help centrally even if the opposition overloads the central areas. Currently the wingers/wide midfielders are hard-coded to behave like this which is completely unrealistic. There are several threads on the SI forum with several examples:https://community.sigames.com/topic/381957-wingers-too-wide/#comment-10480754https://community.sigames.com/topic/388134-wingers-doesnt-track-backclose-down-opponent-near-him/https://community.sigames.com/topic/388226-how-to-get-wide-midfielders-defending-centrally-in-a-4-4-24-4-1-1/https://community.sigames.com/topic/386503-football-manager-2017-official-feedback-thread/?do=findComment&comment=10535803https://www.reddit.com/r/footballmanagergames/comments/5cdbsp/match_engine_bug_wingerswm_too_wide_4424411_broken/"
76561198019797915,Not Recommended,482730,29906627,Posted: 13 February,all,nadji,Injuries Simulator.Take a breath and get injured for 6 months.Get replaced; new guy gets injured for 6 months.Repeat until you are out of players in your squad.Fm2017.
76561198030909393,Not Recommended,482730,26264801,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,iamthemagicbonsaitree,"As a longtime player of Football Manager and Championship Manager before it I have grown increasingly frustrated at the direction the series has been taking. A game called Football Manager should be first and foremost about football, yet every year all the time and effort seems to have been spent on dealing with player contracts and the media. I'm not saying these shouldn't be in the game, but they should be low priority. This year sees the introduction of a social feed, where you get to see tweets from your teams most clueless and repetitive fans, and a player promise system, which ruined game for me, but more on that later.Tactics, something I think should be a high priority, remain incredibly limited, with the ability to issue only vague instructions. There's no way to instruct your players to press hard immediately after losing the ball, but then fall back into formation, no way to tell a player to drift out to both wings like Alan Ball did in the '66 Wold Cup, no way to tell your right winger to cross early and our left winger to look for the overlap. The team width instruction I find baffling. Am I setting up my width for when my team have the ball, or when they don't? I definately don't want the same width instruction for both scenarios, and I can't think of a team which do. Coaching is equally simplistic and vague. Previous versions of the game, going back a fair few years, allowed much more nuanced instructions. Bring back the arrows!Now the promise system. Five of my players became unhappy, because I hadn't kept my promise to strengthe the squad. This suprised me because 1. I had strengthened the squad, and 2. I never promised to strengthen the squad. It's possible that the team's previous manager had made that promise to them, but I did not. Having five players unhappy at me, for something I didn't do, has caused me to give up on this game.What I hoped for is that the games existing mechanics would be improved. What the devs did is leave them unchanged and introduce new mechanics which don't even work well. I imagine if the devs for this game were to make Christmas dinner they'd spend all their time preparing sprouts, chuck a turkey in the oven as an afterthought, and not bother with roast potatoes at all. Not for the first time Football Manager has left me disappointed."
76561198041577348,Not Recommended,482730,26408007,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Obligor,Same same every year.Might be the last year I buy this game. Does nothing for me anymore...
,Recommended,482730,26241603,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,ReivaX,"Decided to post a review since the game certainly doesn't deserve the ""mostly negative"" rating.Most of the negative reviews are from butthurt chinese users complaining about the lack of a chinese version even tough the language isn't listed on the supported languages list available on this store page. Others are people complaining about having too much injuries.The game is good, pretty much the same as last year. The interface is neater, post match analysis are clearer than before. The conversations with the journalists, players, board of director are exactly the same as last year, but it's far from the most important aspect of the game so it's alright.If you aren't a chinese who doesn't speak english and happen to like football or just management games you cant go wrong going for it.Edit: Why the hate on my profile dumbass Loda/117? First of all i'm not chinese nor trying to be a hero (lol) so STFU. I don't follow devs or anyone on twitter, so i'm not aware of what has been said there (Here Cyric provided links to what has been said:BDW here is MJ's reply. LOLhttps://twitter.com/milesSI/status/791659905933533184Here is his 'promise'https://twitter.com/milesSI/status/128969002398646274,)I look at the store page information to know what's already implemented in a game and some video on youtube. I'm just giving my opinion on the game. Not everyone need chinese language when purchasing the game, so I think the ""mostly negative"" review isn't representative of the game, except if you are chinese and don't understand english."
76561198162822660,Recommended,482730,29097122,Posted: 7 January,all,IamValhalla,"Daniel Sturridge got injured while I loaded a new game, very realistic 10/10I do recommend this game, but I have reservations as well. Something I've noticed in my 900+ hours is how weak tactics are translated back to us. For example - when I first started playing, I was seeing the most absurd behaviour from my players; daft goalkeeping errors including ""hilarious"" own goals, ridiculous backpasses, stupid defensive howlers, players running head-first into opposition defenders to sloppily concede possession, incredible open-net misses, endlessly hitting the woodwork.. the list goes on. It actually feels very unfair; I would much prefer weak tactics to be blatantly obvious so that the uninitiated might clearly understand what needs fixed (or at least why it is going wrong). Sadly all you get as feedback is a load of old nonsense, the kinda things that real-world footballers just would NOT do, certainly not with such startling regularity.But rcently, since starting to use strong [proven] tactics, I've been seeing a very different game. Beautiful and organic ""pass and move"" football, regular screamers, up-and-coming youngsters terrorising defences with eery precociousness while I scream in delight (and pat myself in the back for having the balls to name that 17yr old against Chelsea like I never doubted his ability). I've won a few Bundesliga titles, Premier League, FIFA World Cup, UEFA European Championship, UEFA Champions League, Serie A TIM... the list goes on. I am absolutely loving it.So when you get your tactics right, be prepared to be enthralled with FM17. Get them wrong however, and you will be banging your head against your desk in brain-melting frustration.DO NOT MAKE PROMISES. If a contract negotiation lists any promises, simply use the ""remove and exclude from negotiations"" option for each one. The player nor the agent will care and will still accept the contract. If you add the promises (especially ""strengthen the coaching team/defence/midfield/attack"") you will fail no matter what. Players never notice even when you massively strengthen the area you promised them, and will come back to you complaining that you broke your promise. This can affect the entire squad and WILL ruin your game.AI Managers are idiots. They never make long-term plans for any club, and will just sign players almost arbitrarily, use up all available budget, put the club into debt if they can, and get the sack when it starts to go wrong. Also - I've never seen Jurgen Klopp or Pep Guardiola last more than a season with Liverpool or City respectively, in more than 20 saves.One little quirk about FM that I've also noticed - players ALWAYS seem to score against their old clubs, whether that is against your club, or one of your players when you play his old club. I take advantage of this by intentionally playing players against their old clubs and it never fails to deliver; (as an example) I've had Danny Ings score 4 in a single match against Burnley and then not another goal all season until we play them again and he gets a hatrick.Players also seem to score their first goal for their club/of the season/ever against you. All goal droughts are ended when a human-controlled team comes to town. It happens too often to be coincidence. FM loves drama.PROS:Stupidly addictive. Sometimes I forget to feed my kids.A massive game with a mind-bending amount of players, staff, and teams to manage.Extremely rewarding when you get tactics right.It's the only football management game worth playing at the minute.CONS:Stupidly addictive. My kids are hungry.Players promises don't work and will ruin your game. You have been warned!Assistant manager in-match advice is akin to a parrot on your shoulder.Game feels very harsh and unfairly balanced if your tactics are weak.Far too much repetitive media.AI managers are stupid.Training needs a proper overhaul.Sensible score: 8/10, a few niggles hold it back from greatness."
76561198375148029,Not Recommended,482730,31765040,Posted: 15 May,all,TMXLA,"The match engine is seriously poor.---1. Useless side players (especially inside forwards)It makes 99% of side players (AMRL) garbages who can't even go past one defender by dribbling - no matter if it's Messi against a Sunday football player. As a result, the game induces users to adopt such weird formations as 4-3-3-0 that neither have AMRL nor a striker - thereby exploiting the match engine so unrealistically.Especially when it comes to inside forwards (which, in reality, so many modern soccer teams use instead of standard wingers), I have never watched a single effective movement that leads to creating chances or scoring since the role was first developed in FM2013.---2. Dumb Artificial IntelligenceUsers experience hundreds of offisde fouls when a midfielder shoots from distance and the referee catches a forward who does not involve himself in play, just because he is wherever in an offisde position. It does not happen this much, and not irrationally like this.All the non-either-footed defenders, when closed down by opponents, try to pass back to the goalkeeper. The shocking problem is, 90% of the time they fail to deliver the ball properly and give away free corner kicks to the opponent (It is completely different from clearing out). This does not happen even in a elementary school football match. If my memories serve me right, it has been like this for 2-3 years. I have no idea why on earth the Sports Interactive have not recognized this pathetic error.---3. Unrealistic mechanismsEven before the first round of league begins, at least one key player in every EPL top team suffers for at least 2 months from a broken leg/ankle, etc. And if the season goes on - well, you've seen the screenshots. Perhaps the SI does not realize why so many users develop injury-nerfed editing files by themselves.It is literally impossible to stop complacency among the players, no matter what crazy action you take. Then, in a match you are 11.0 expected to win, all the world-stars become d-heads and the opposing relegated ones turn into Yashin. I agree, this might be the only way to keep the user's team on the planet. But, this is too much. Users are way more stressed and frustrated by watching these nonsenses than get bored in winning.---If Sports Interactive continues to ignore this kind of unrealistic and silly problems in FM mentioned above and merely change a few interface & screen layouts in every series, more and more users will be disappointed by the game which used to give them fun, and gradually abandon FM."
76561198402435931,Not Recommended,482730,34601922,Posted: 30 August,all,tom_rance,"I want to love this game, I want to be totally addicted to it, I want to dream about it when I'm asleep, but I don't, for one simple reason: the in game engine is appalling.I don't particularly like the social media feed, I don't particularly like the press conference stuff (so I leave that to my assistant), I don't like the way the in game graphics haven't really evolved for at least 5 years. I could live with these minor annoyances if the game play experience was enjoyable, but sadly it is simply not fun!There seems to be absolutely no correlation between what I do as a human, and how my team responds. The amount of times you get caught in posession only for the opposition to score is laughable. The wonder goals that the AI scores, the amount of 90th minute winners the AI scores. The total incosistency of your team. The way the team will totally flop after being in good form. The way in which you tell your players to pass short, and lo and behold they hoof it long, get caught on the counter and the AI scores. The amount of times you hit the bar. Basically the in game engine is the big fault in this game.My brother plays FM2012, as it is fun. You can build a team and enjoy success. It appears to me that FM2017 has been engineered to make it virtually impossible to play, and sadly this means that I will not be buying future editions of what could be a briliant game until significant changes are made."
76561198059241491,Not Recommended,482730,28992658,Posted: 3 January,all,COOLXX,"This is the WORST game I have ever played. It’s a RIP OFF DON’T BUY IT!!It's the same as FM 16 but the match engine instead of going forward it's gone backwards and it's actually worse now.  I wouldn't buy this game especially for the price they are selling it at. The game is also scriptedcif the game wants you to lose you will lose silly own goals, players purposely missing open goals the players instructions and tactical instructions that you make will make no difference at all. I would like my refund pls ; )"
76561197995633940,Not Recommended,482730,29655478,Posted: 2 February,all,Srsbruh,Pretty much the same every year.. just a little patch added i must say... meh save your money ot get it 50% off when it does
76561198075119590,Not Recommended,482730,26690393,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,t3n9,"Nonsense as usual. I can lose games even with 5 times the number of chances created, and striking the post 3 to 4 times a game is so common whereas after 60 hours of gameplay I never saw any of my opponents hit the woodwork! This nonsense is so rigged in favour of the AI. How many long range shots and defensive mistakes do I need to endure when my players keep missing simple one on ones? Nonsense game, this will be the last ever FM I will buy and the same should apply for all of you reading this too. Match Engine still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ players show no ambition though they lose 5 games in a row. idiotic waste of money"
76561198021978315,Not Recommended,482730,34831677,Posted: 9 September,all,advocatusrobert,"The people who make Football Manager are obviously tired of doing so.  They are seemingly trying to lose all their customers.  There's still the same prpblems with in-game images & the names of players in the German national team, among the many recurring problems you can go and talk to the wall about because Sports Interactive don't care.  You can always be one of the huge number of people who splash out on the ingam editor which doesnt work then get all the 'clear the cash' remarks whilst also getting an errpr message, 1000 or 1004 seem popular, when trying to access the downloaded content through other avenues.IT'S ABOUT TIME SPORTS INTERACTIVE WERE TAUGHT TO STOP SIMPLY TAKING THEIR CUSTOMERS FOR GRANTED.  IT'S TIME FOR A BOYCOTT UNTIL THEY START MAKING AN EFFORT TO FIX THE FAULTS."
76561198007528719,Not Recommended,482730,26426758,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,the_podge,"Like many of the recent years' entries, one again another one arrives with some improvements, but core aspects of the game remain poor, if not outright broken at launch.As the same as in previous years, the goalkeeper AI is hideously unpredictable with a healthy dose of fumbling the ball either into his own net or in front of someone who instantly puts it in the net.  In addition, distribution from the goalkeeper is DIRE.  Far too many kicks go directly to opposition players who are standing in acres of free space.Defenders, AI is also poor, either that or tactics are not being recognised correctly.  No matter how much you tell them to close down, tackle hard, man mark... nope, you can guarantee that if the ball is crossed in from the wing or from any distance, it will land at the feet of the opposition striker who has NO ONE within 5-10 years, and he then skins them to score.Passing, also DIRE.  Either an issue with the engine or again poor AI/recognition of tactics.  Short passing and retaining possession for instance is irrelevant... the team will still try long balls and miss their supposed target by a country mile. Same thing as Goalkeepers basically.About the only one that works is strikers... they seem to get a realistic number of goals/assists, a goals to shots ratio.And also, there seems to be a heavy imbalance towards ""smaller"" teams to boost them against larger player teams.  Yes there's some ""cupsets"" that take place in the real world, but dominating performances seem non-existent.  Same effect seems to apply in the league games where a team that's got 3 wins out of 30 will suddenly destroy you 5-0 when you're at home.So yeah... as always, the game has launched with a sense of imbalance/bugs/brokenness that will probably not get fixed for 3 months.In short... after just over a week since early-access, I'm close to uninstalling it and this will definitely be the last version of Football Manager I buy.  The whole series has been a frustrating, broken mess since they brought in the 3D match engine.It's just not worth the effort now.  So, I'll be retiring at the end of the season.  Let someone else deal with this."
,Not Recommended,482730,34272436,Posted: 16 August,all,Copes^,"It's the same♥♥♥♥♥♥as last year, just reskinned.  Not buying another FM game until thing have changed.  Been a long time fan of the series, but it's stagnant.  If you've never played a FM game before then go ahead, you'll enjoy it.  But if you've played fm16, don't bother."
,Not Recommended,482730,26569585,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Citizen_Kane,"Instead of spending 35 quid on this sad, buggy excuse for an ""update"" you might as well download a transfer patch for FM16 and save yourself both the frustration and the cash.Still, it's pretty addicting nonetheless, ngl"
76561198002631604,Not Recommended,482730,26694423,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,TrickiD,"My left testicle would be more effective in between the goalposts then the goalkeepers.Not to worry, I'll just sign a team of giants and score 1000 goals by using crosses."
76561198079283279,Not Recommended,482730,29880291,Posted: 12 February,all,clark9t,"As with all of the FM games the concept will always make the game fantastic but for what is effectively a jazzed up spreadsheet £34.99 is very pricey!The game was released early November and its now mid February and it still costs £34.99, shocking really.I've played these games for 10 years and it would be good to get some sort of loyalty discount as every new release is basically an update of records.overall 7/10 from me, FM will always be awesome but the price vs any new features stops it being anything more."
76561198032623014,Recommended,482730,32357610,Posted: 11 June,all,sonofanu,"This game and the entire FM series is fantastic. It is something of an outlier in gaming. It's for a semi-niche, if not very niche, audience, But if you are that audience, then this is one of the best franchises in existence.Do you like football/soccer?Do you like Microsoft Excel?Then FM is for you!Seriously though, you need to be really into staring at stats and numbers. You also need to be really into tactics. I actually have never understood people who download workshop tactics, since that's like, a major portion of the game. And to get the most out of this game, you need to be an anal retentive micro manager. Sure, you can delegate things to staff, but I've always been a ""Handle all tasks myself"" guy.If you have never played FM, you might spend a given hour of playtime doing anything from chastising your U-18s for not training hard enough, to negotiating contracts, to forecasting how you'll meet the homegrown quota next year now that you've qualified for the UCL and making transfer notes for your next window. Oh and eventually you will manage some games.There are many ways to watch your games. Personally, I don't use the full engine per say, as I watch all 90 minutes (at high speed) of every single game, but in 2D so I can see the team's shape better. I only watch the true graphical engine on goal replays. That's how I have done it for years.Anyways, I suppose the true beauty of the game, is that it gets one very important thing right, which all great simulation games get right: it makes you feel like if you were the manager of the club, what you achieved in the game is what you could have done in real life. So, yes, if they had appointed me at Newcastle United this season, in 2019 we would have blitzed Bayern in a UCL semi-final 6-0 with our brilliant tiki-taka possession play.Obviously that's not true, but the game will make you feel like it is. I'll actually brag to my wife (I cannot begin to tell you how little she cares) about some games I win. I yell at the little dots on my screen like they are real people during the games.Finally, for everyone who gives negative reviews based on the ""it's the same as last year"" argument - yes, it is. And that is a good thing. I only require my FM to be a little bit better each year. If the game stayed exactly the same I would buy it every year anyways just for the updated official database.Anyways, thousands and thousands of hours across FM games for many years, just thought I should finally leave a review."
,Not Recommended,482730,34266578,Posted: 15 August,all,KOLO,Buy this game on sale and still think I wasted my money..such a joke compared to the older version. requesting a refund before it is too late.
76561197970587475,Recommended,482730,26237329,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,DontShootImUnarmed,"The best FM yet.To those complaining about the injuries, (and I was one of them) I've followed some advice on how best to prepare my team for the new season, with training and workload. It appears to have helped a lot. But SI have also said they will look into this matter internally in case there is an issue. I think that's a win win.But injuries aside, apart from the usual beta bugs this is one heck of a great release. It's far better than any other version I've owned (13 onwards).Lots of new features, and much improved 3d match engine graphics in my opinion. Super fun.If I can get anywhere near the time I invested in FM16, which was over 2200 hours, I will be extremely happy."
76561198003097765,Not Recommended,482730,26478709,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,JimNero009,"I've played the Football Manager games since FM2009 and have around 1000 hours dumped into it. Perhaps this is the reason I'm not so enthralled by the latest one.It's gotten to the point now where you can't see the wood for the trees when it comes to actual managment. Saying that, if you're a control freak bent on controlling every aspect of the club, you'll probaly enjoy it. Though it doesn't do anything different from FM2016 in that regard. If you just want some fun to wind down after work, I'd say look elsewhere. The match engine will drive you absolutely insane with the stupid things your players will do, some of the times you interact with players leaves them saying illogical and inconsistent things that can seep into the rest of your team and upset them and don't even get me started on how useless your backroom staff are...Sorry, but this game doesn't do it for me. I feel a bit sad writing this."
76561198004331759,Not Recommended,482730,34003219,Posted: 3 August,all,jake0123456789,"Very bog standard Football Manager Experience, no diffference at all to FM 2016 just a sqaud update.Always say im not going to buy next years, but always do.FM has ended up exactly like Fifa."
76561198007788632,Not Recommended,482730,31497278,Posted: 1 May,all,sss4malik,its still same and old game vesion notting  new...
76561198040735987,Not Recommended,482730,34489303,Posted: 25 August,all,kayatas,"That's it. I am out. This game has lost its touch with reality in its attempt to make the matches challenging. I have pretty good players whose mental stuff are good. I dominate games, yet every other game the opposition keeper is the player of the match. You feel betrayed. All the tactical changes are for nothing if your players  (whose levels are above the defenders) constantly shoot blanks. Then the opposition comes the first time and scores.I understand such things happen in real life every once in a while. In this game, it is THE norm."
,Recommended,482730,33155014,Posted: 2 July,all,MrEdSome,Veterans aren't happy with the way each installment rarely brings anything new to the table however if you're just starting or returning after a hiatus from other titles this version has a few features that you would appreciate
,Not Recommended,482730,27433492,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,66,Could be worse. But could be one hell of a lot better.
76561198037578535,Not Recommended,482730,33400845,Posted: 9 July,all,alanzung,"It's funny that the game seems to decide that for certain matches, you'll definitely lose, no matter what kind of weak team you are against"
76561198244736986,Not Recommended,482730,26486263,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,jshizzle.jw,"What could be a very good game is being ruined by a serious problem with the match engine, and that is defending. Whoever I play with the defence leak goals. Not simply with attacking set ups but with any set up. Attacking, balanced, defensive whatever the number of goals conceded are ridiculous. Every corner or cross results in a goal as the defence simply walk away from the attacking players leaving them a free header at goal, this is surely a glitch.This ruins the motivation I have for the game because no matter what tactics, player intrusctions, oposition instructions or training I try, the other team always win because although I dominate possession, shots and shots on target for the say 3 goals I score, the opposition will always have four shots on target and win 4-3. The fact I am clearly trying to fight a computer ruins my interest in the game because If the game has decided I won't be allowed to win, then it's an impossible task.So far I have only played with three teams on the game those being Leeds, Guiseley and Newcastle. I was tired of losing every match 6-5 or 5-4 or 8-0 with Leeds or Guiseley so I did a test save with Newcastle to see if it was my tactics that were awful or if the game really was screwing me over. Newcastle in the championship obviously should be an easy task. It was all going well until January top of the league 6 points clear then the defence started to leak a few goals and a few losses started creeping in. No matter, a simple dip in form. However, the last 10 games of the season saw the problem return, I lost all of the last 10 games of the season, with scorelines such as 7-0, 8-0, 5-4, 4-3, and I went from leading the championship by six points to finishing 4th, at which point I was sacked.So my point is quite clear. With the new features that I am sure you will hear about and probably see for yourself if you buy the game, Football Manager 2017 has the potential to be one of the best in the series. But until this defensive glitch and screw job mentality of the match engine is fixed, this game cannot be enjoyable and so at this time I cannot reccomend it."
76561198012545721,Not Recommended,482730,26477418,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,arun_don,"This FM is possibly the worst ive ever played! They have spent a year putting together a social media feed which is terrible. The intelligence of the players is moronic, i thought they were supposed to be improving that? The strikers dont score, no matter who you have. One of their major new things is the facial recognition, which doesnt work. This is basically a terrible patch for FM 16. There needs to be one major patch for this, im seriously debating uninstalling and going back to FM 16."
76561198031511874,Not Recommended,482730,26372303,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,yoeriz88,"I've been a long term fan of the franchise, I've put over nearly 1600 hours in the last two titles. So buying this was a no brainer for me. But there are certain problems which make this game a non recommend for me.1. I think that FM17 is too much like FM16, the only major difference for me is the ""twitter"" feed from the supporters. Because of the small (and insignificant) differences between last years version and this one, I don't think I want to leave my save file from 16 behind. Which is not a good thing. FM16 did that, FM16 made me want to start my adventure all over again.2. What is wrong with the goalkeepers? I've seen Neuer or Courtois just diving over easily catchable balls! SI said they would address this issue but I think they've accidentally made them worse!3. There are certain problems with the press conferences which makes it impossible for me to create a good relationship with certain managers. I'll say something positive about Mourinho, he'll say something positive about me. But then the media (post-match) will invent something that was supposedly said, but was never actually said! This will cause Mourinho to be mad at me! I miss the days from FM11 where I could just talk about other managers instead of every journalist trying to make every manager in the league hate me!"
76561197989664711,Not Recommended,482730,26339583,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,garymcg091272,Not really any improvement on last year.
,Recommended,482730,26159443,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,LDR pbuh,"It's better than the previous edition. If you only buy for new features, don't buy this. If you buy for a free flowing game, the update, and some extra cosmetics - buy it. Tactics actually matter and if you compare matches between FM16 and FM17, the difference is stark - midfielders are not guaranteed to be the best on the pitch, tactics must be tweaked to work since crossing no longer can bang you in all the goals, keepers are more likely to make those easy saves - all good so far.It's a better FM, and those who still complain should have a look at their tactics rather than continue to whine. Also, as many have said but I'll reiterate - reviews are mixed because the Chinese whine when things are not delivered to them on a plate."
76561198030399963,Not Recommended,482730,26452009,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,mahe_donz,"Initial ImpressionsOne of the poorly designed match engine.1. opposition score goals for fun.2. Top class teams outclassed by minnows.3. Not once but most of the times.4. A low class striker can score hatrick within 10 mins.5. All opposition teams will play like Barcelona with higher posession and shots on target.6. And finally 30 yards goal from midfield who has long shot rating of 4!!!7. You should have 3 or 4 Tactics ina match to get a good result.Patched version of 2016. Nothing big to cheer about.1. But on the brighter side, more realistic with transfers, training.2. Match rating works like real time. Even when your team wins, players who played bad get bad rating. Now you know when to sub him.3. Social feeds looks good but eventualy boring as you progress.4. Might change after the 1st update."
76561198082062585,Not Recommended,482730,26349074,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,chukaishere,"I have played football manager since 2008 and this is a continuation of the terrible match engine in 2016 that made me stop at the demo then. I appreciate the social feed but even that is not as detailed as the press conferences and unrealistic.I will start with the bad reviews.1. I bought Icardi at Arsenal for about 40m pounds and the social feed had the exact same reaction to buying Correa for 13, no real football fan would be mad at their club for buying Icardi and also when he scores a hattrick in a match and wins player of the game, the reaction is similar to when he scores 1 goal and wins it, some doubters and some believers. No one irl will doubt the effectiveness of a hattrick hero in game.2. I take 15 shots and get only 3 on target, Even Sanchez misses clear cut chances regularly, Sanchez 17 apps: 4 goals and 4 assists, shooting well below 30% and missing most shots on target. Lots of players miss seemingly easy sitters too. Then AI gets 1 shot and 1 goal, in games when I have more shots on target, the AI's keeper turns into a Neuer but Cech rarely steps up when needed.3. Strikers and Wingers cannot shine simultaneously, Icardi is beasting but at the cost of Sanchez and Ozil being next to useless.4. Small teams pose huger threats than imagined and my world class team feels unequipped to handle league 2 teams or at least as equipped as they are against smaller PL teams. I believe irl, a team like Barcelona can take some teams easily with little to no guidance from their coach, same cannot be said for FM where I cannot trust my players to deal with puny teams as my players never hit the target and end up being susceptible to counter attacks5. Using strictly control without aggressive attacking mentality not enough to shut off counter attack moves and defense always makes sloppy errors opponents never make (Koscielny leaving a striker wide open to join Mustafi and Bellerin who already have an attacker covered).6. Team performance based on attributes not comparable to AI, ref: Sanchez finishing of 16/20 but missing almost every sitter he has. Bellerin pace 20 still running comparably to much slower counterparts (not much to present a huge issue though) (But I wish it reflected real life where Bellerin's pace and ability to track back is his biggest asset)7. Transfers are one-sided, I had to pay well over the odds for Icardi but I could not offload Giroud for his market value, seems like every time I try to sell, I always get lowballed with no negotiating power.8. (Good review) Acquiring young popular talent is a bit more realistic and I cannot just build a future juggernaut team for 30m like in the past games.9. Not enough tactical fluidity and players end up being rigid, always plays down the wing and when I go up against defenders strong in the air, I lose. Even when I try to exploit the center and Ozil, the ball always gets to the wing and the overlapping full back- wing back combo is overplayed and most games are decided by the wingers and never the CAM.10. ""Our engine has fewer injuries than real life"", yeah yeah, but when my players always get injured on clockwork, it becomes iffy, once Sanchez comes back, Cazorla and Mustafi go, and one time, I simmed through the same international break like 5 times before I was able to get a scenario without an injury...gosh. And the training injuries are a lot. Maybe they tried to be realistic but I didn't appreciate Cech getting injured for 3 months since irl the last time that happened was in 2014 and before that was in 2007 but it happened in less than a month of my being in charge. Maybe it is realistic but I dunno, the injuries for me aren't a dealbreaker, the match engine especially with the SOT and clear cut chances missed are my biggest issue.All in all, I feel like returning this game but I probably won't, just gonna hope SI fixes the game and get my dreams broken and buy fm18 because FM has no competition and no reason to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together."
76561197961076356,Not Recommended,482730,34279362,Posted: 16 August,all,BallisticFugur,"Played this game since Championship Manager 1993/94, and Championship Manager Italia, from the Oliver twins. I can confirm that this is the worst one so far, it is all going down hill since the implementation of this 3D graphics they keep on ""improving"". The A.I. is unplayable fun wise now, just not as fun as back in 93, and not even as fun as last years version, which was appalling too. Pick your game up SI because I will get a refund if 2018 doesn't improve in the key area, the match A.I. and generally the A.I. Avoid, play one of your old versions, like 2014, or 2015."
76561198005309854,Not Recommended,482730,29955707,Posted: 15 February,all,Charlie Rose,"I've been playing for several years now and there's just no change to the way the game plays. Essentially, it's incrementalism every single year. The social feed is pointless when it's all generated and the match engine looks pretty much like last years.  The AI is still not very good, especially when you start getting into the regens. It becomes laughable at times to play because the AI do not know how to build a team and set them up in a way to challenge you.  Still the same bugs every year and I can't even play it anymore because there are bug issues with loading. I'll stick to FM2016 until I see something better, which I doubt if their track record is any indication."
76561198002223527,Not Recommended,482730,29658520,Posted: 2 February,all,Justified,Long time FM fan however it dies now. I have truly not liked an FM title since 2013 but stuck with it as I thought things would get better and it's probably still unrivaled as the best Footie Sim however it doesn't fill the craving any more
,Not Recommended,482730,31813538,Posted: 17 May,all,keag_,"ive bought every FM game since 2008 and every year they declined and got worse and even more frustrating! i will love this game forever and will always continue to buy them as long as they come out, but i do question the game sometimes, is it worth the stress ans annoyance it causes me?Oppsition scoring the same goals week in week out, socring unreal 30 yarders and then my players missing tap in at the other end or their keeper making stupendous saves. My players not playing in relation to my Shouts and tactical line up, dominating a game 90 minutes to lose, no doubt to their only chance and a worldie at that.the list goes on, i really would love for SI to really sit down and reinvent the game. I understand its meant to be a challenge but theres only so many times you can see the same goal go in every week and see the same chance missed."
76561198032194988,Recommended,482730,27663392,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Adamzlatan,"Very suprised at all the negative reviews especially as the people giving them are complaining about no improvements and new features, or the classic its the match engines fault. Also a lot of people saying SI and Miles have conned us with the lack of updates!!! Thing is they release a demo every year that lets you play 6 in game months as many times as you want. Which would give anyone who is unsure about the game a chance to experience what you are getting. Yet people still rush in complain about features yet put in an average of 40+ hours gametime and rant on here. I personally feel the game is a massive improvement from FM16 and all previous versions. The match engine is as stable as I have known one on and around release date. If your a football fan it is a must have addition to your collection. And before you buy it and end up unhappy once again there is a DEMO try it first!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,482730,33136943,Posted: 2 July,all,Sandor Clegane,"Great managment game! If you want a pretty engine look at FIFA or PES. This game is about the managment side of running a club, not directly controlling matches."
76561198079383188,Not Recommended,482730,28350549,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,LiamP25,"Honestly this game ia bag off wank,  it's just isn't fun to play, the match engine is just♥♥♥♥♥♥ Injuires are a ♥♥♥♥ing joke, happen far to often, as well as 1 shot 1 goal for the opposition. Players don't stop moaning about not getting enough game time despite them featuring nearly every game !  This used to be so enjoyable to play, but not anymore ! They overcharge us every year, They Barely make any chnages to the game, but still charge £34, Absolute joke. Been playing this game for many years now, and this has to be the worse one yet. At time this game feels so scripted, the game is just a joke now. LMA manager is much better then this, such a shame they don't make it anymore :("
,Recommended,482730,26117240,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Deathrose47,"Don't let the ""Mostly Negative"" fool you it seems to just be more than a few disgruntled Chinese players who are annoyed there's still no Chinese language feature. Now for my review.My first 3 hours have been great and have reminded me why this is the only game series I bother pre-ordering. The new UI looks a lot sharper and cleaner but will still be familiar to players of the series. The new social media feature is also pretty cool as well in my opinion. So far in the beta I've encountered no game breaking bugs or any bugs for that matter, and the fact that in my Arsenal save (COYG) I lost a first team player for 2 months to injury during a damn intrasquad friendly tells me the game is working well. I will keep updating this review throughout the beta but for now this game is looking like money well spent.EDIT: I do often wonder at times in FM games how much of an effect your tactics truly have. You can set up a high class team against some distinctly lower level opposition to play control but rarely will you ever feel like you've truly dominated a match and had a one sided outing as does happen in real life. Of course large teams don't always have their way but they do more often than not. Also, and this was the case in 16 as well, it seems that as soon as you score the opposition will always fire back almost immediately, regardless of your defensive setup or how the match was going beforehand. I'd like to know if the rest of you are having the same gripes as I am though I am happy to report that I have yet to encounter any really game breaking bugs only one instance where my manager avatar got deleted for some reason.EDIT: It's gotten to a point where I genuinely believe that the match engine will just ♥♥♥♥ with you whether or not it makes sense. I've had matches where I concede within two minutes despite having my world class defenders against much lesser opposition. After maybe 40 minutes we'll bounce back, not two minutes later the opposition has the lead again and this happens no matter who you're playing against. I also feel my tactical instructions will be ignored, I set my team up to clear the ball to flanks but all balls go straight down the middle, shorter passing never works and the team constantly loses the ball with hopeless overhead through ball attempts. At this point I'm not sure whether or not selecting ""Retain Possession"" even does anything. For better or worse though this is the closest thing to football management and as such I will still reccomend it but oh my it seems the same old flaws keep repeating, making the game force feed ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to players does not constitute balanced difficulty in the slightest. Veterans of the series will encounter the same issues in a prettier engine and new players will have to steel themselves and prepare for inevitable rage quits. Is FM the Dark Souls of football sims? Seems like it's trying to be."
76561198078626654,Not Recommended,482730,26493335,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,liddel4life,i am and always will be a FM fan but this installment is so broken i don't think it can be fixed.- The goal keepers missing saves they should be making- the game decides for you whether you are getting the sack (you can't save your job at all)- transfers are far too expensive for clubs- Every time someone scores a goal outside the box is pathetic- Every time a player complains about not having enough game time when there your best player and played all season- Every time someone in the social feed says your player who was the clear motm wasn't bloody stupid inclusion- Every time you concede or lose to a team you clearly shouldn't be drawing or conceding to usaually it's last minute and a wonder goal from outside the box.They need to work on a patch for this to fix it and F##cking quickly how can you release such a poor version when 2016 was so good? but do you the person reading this buy it? not right now no it♥♥♥♥♥♥poor beyond a joke they released it in this state.
76561198051219157,Not Recommended,482730,31906902,Posted: 22 May,all,Nuclear Cookie,"A lot worse than any other FM, Do not buy same♥♥♥♥♥♥you dominate games and have over 15 shots on target score none and the other team has one on target and wins, DO NOT BUY!!"
76561198042195860,Not Recommended,482730,26510112,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,matt.briggs999,Typical football manager game never changes. You will dominate games yet lose 1-0 from 1 shot all game!! Never changes don't waste your money and just use a download from workshop to update player list if you want
76561198049276549,Not Recommended,482730,26437501,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,oldreactor,Unfortunatelly first time in my history of playing fm(i started on champioship manager 3) i cannot recommend this game. It's only dlc for football manager 2016 worth at most 10£.Good:1.working on 64 bit (its faster a lot)Bad1. Lack of useful new features2. social feed which give nothing into game it is not making any diffrence if we have it or not cause we cant interact with it so whats the point of doing it?3. lack of private life of manager4. lack of possibility to become chairman in create you club. whats the point to create your own club if you cannot be its owner?(back in fifa manager it was really good option)5. LESS ADDICTIVE! because its totally re-play from previous game!!6. LESS ADDICTIVE!7. LESS ADDICTIVE!8.LESS ADDICTIVE!9.....LESS ADDICTIVE!...ive found while playing:10. Polish translation is not finished many lines are not translated. Just poor poor job from devs.
,Not Recommended,482730,26714859,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,The Heavy Blade,"More or less in line with all the other reviews on this very broken game... 2+ Red Cards per match, players getting injured all the time, hardly any difference between this and FM16 (Which ISN'T broken!).Compared to FM16 this game is absolutely shocking.What a waste of 35 quid!Seriously don't buy this game... buy FM16 and use the in game editor..."
,Not Recommended,482730,34364447,Posted: 19 August,all,f[h],"Worst ever till date. I believe if game developer is goin the same way, 2018 and onwards will replace 2017 as the worse ever till date.I read the reviews from other players but was in doubt. I had tried playin for several seasons and now quited & uninstalled the game. Game engine should not make user to lose every game when opponent had only one chance.Would not recommend.Please do not buy."
,Not Recommended,482730,29002940,Posted: 4 January,all,[Back in January] 👑RYL,They really need to listen to the community now. Not worth £25 let alone £35
76561198075394759,Not Recommended,482730,28397419,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,DiNozzo,Last year i buy really bad game and update so many ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ mistakes from defence and i won a lot in previous games but this i had a game with 46shots...... i prefer fm05
,Not Recommended,482730,29610399,Posted: 31 January,all,SparkieFM,match engine is up there with 16 for how broken it is
76561198179599729,Not Recommended,482730,30068332,Posted: 20 February,all,LFT Lensko,This game is so unrealistic. There are so many games you will dominate and ur players will miss the easiest chances while your opponent has one chance and scores. The match engine is just made to frustrate you.
76561198083266776,Recommended,482730,34416046,Posted: 22 August,all,Noisy,"Very scripted and full of bs, but addictive."
76561198158039620,Not Recommended,482730,29559807,Posted: 29 January,all,J.W.,There are too many interceptions occured in-gamehow can a defender get 17 interceptions in a single game!!!!Even great player with excellent dribbling like hazrd can't drive past opponentsThis  game is becoming strange...
76561198018819534,Not Recommended,482730,26711834,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,TrevE13,"new update useless, the game is unplayable, ""fix crashes"" which didnt happen now crashes every few mins WASTE OF MONEY for an unplayable game"
76561198030448737,Not Recommended,482730,28635672,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,fiddypence2010,"Been playing FM's for over 10 years now and I'm not impressed with this years version at all, AI stikers aren't scoring as much as they should as I've proven to a developer on steam, and posted it on official forum only to be ignored...look for a thread on Steam called ''trouble with shots on targets'', I've shown end of the season results with screenshots taken from 3 different leagues, and posted the real life scoring list from each league too...one example is, the Dutch leagues top scorer at end of season was 13 goals.Injuries aren't as bad as people make out, but the conditioning of players is terrible, players wear out too quickly, you can't play players through weekend games then a midweek game then back to a weekend game like you can in real life. People will say rotate, I understand you have to do that in the game, but isn't this game supposed to be a football simulation game? some people really do miss the point.Then there is this problem with ball winning midfielders, they cannot play a game without getting a card, I understand players that play this role will generally pick up more cards...but every game? it's ridiculously bad.The game just isn't fun like it used to be, it's just frustrating knowing these few things make the game unplayable for me, it's a shame because the game has potential to be so great.And the media is just getting worse, its ok for the first 20-30 matches, by that time you'll notice the same old questions being thrown at you all the time, it takes time answering them, it's boring and repetitive. (although I turn this off through the editor).I won't be buying another FM for atleast a few years, and it's the first time I've ever done this, I'm genuinly sick of it now."
76561198050131138,Not Recommended,482730,34909106,Posted: 12 September,all,Cueball1069,"An absolute shambles of a game.Crashes, glitches, other in game issues that my friends and i now refer to it as being FM'dI love this series but 2017 is awful. Sort it out SI"
,Not Recommended,482730,29587564,Posted: 30 January,all,- DownloaD,"The only positive thing on this game is that now it supports 64 bits SO. And the game is faster because of it.I dont recommend it, its the same as FM16, FM15, FM14 and so on with few more lines on the press and 2 or 3 more options, does not worth the price, maybe 10 or 15 bucks as a ""expansion dlc"".Im only buying FM18 if it comes with ALOT more new features like something to do with our wages"
,Not Recommended,482730,26422454,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Ched One,I told round not to get it. I stand by my point. It's a copy of the last one and its somehow got ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198076308617,Not Recommended,482730,26428599,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,piggal,"I've seen a lot of games that only change in form but not in content, but this game did not even change the form. I can literally import the tactic I used in fm 2016 to this game. It's nothing more than a fm2016 with a data update. You can barely find improvements in the game."
76561198382040725,Not Recommended,482730,33600411,Posted: 16 July,all,barrystockton28,"Very repetetive, pre-ordained results. Not recommended."
76561198004516102,Not Recommended,482730,26188497,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,l_h_barton,Only in the beta stage but the decision making and player AI is even appalling the number of times players miss balls completely or playrs kick balls into the oppositions pass is ridiculous never had an oppopent make a single one of these dicussions making the problem more laughable. This completely spoils the game and needs addressing asap.Otherwise its a good game but transfer baragains a far and few between and transfer negotations are tough with players walking on one offer frequently.I've played the game since 2004 and so far this is a poor one.** Edit Some work has been made to address which is good but some of the the AI issues but still exist such as every cut back = a goal number of 35yd screamers. Also as a tip tweak your tactics more than you may of previously.
76561198016488565,Not Recommended,482730,26489280,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Revenge,I think I have enough hours to say the ME terrible...I hope I can change this review after some quick hotfixes/updates...
,Not Recommended,482730,26274571,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,somedude,"I was curios, so i bought this game to see what's new, i was dissapointed to find that it's exactly the same game, no new features, no fixes to FM16 bugs. It's just FM16 with new bugs.I thought they'll improve the game engine, i thought they'll add ""gegenpressing"" (PES17 did), i thought my strikers will help the midfielders when mentality is ""defensive"" (FIFA17 strikers do), i thought they'll add new instructions, they didn't.Performance on Macbook Pro still sucks, even if you use 2d with ""low graphics"", sure i could go to their community and submit a bug, but don't think i should, because that issue is from FM16, why would they fix it now?I found a match engine bug, went to their community and submitted a bug with PKMs, SI didn't respond yet, so i decided to go ahead and request a refund.The only ones who responded are the power hungry ""mods"" who complained that ""that's not enough PKMs"", ♥♥♥♥ off.Tacitcally, you have more instructions in PES17, positionally this game sucks, players don't know where to stand and they need to add new instructions, but they'll probably won't, because why should they? do they have a competitor?I'm shocked and feel conned, SI needs a competitor, yesterday."
,Not Recommended,482730,27726735,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Boss,"I'd love to say I have enjoyed this game (having played every version of CM/FM since 2002) but every time I even try to start a game, the game crashes and cuts out. I'm not impressed at all and am hoping to find a way to fix this or get a full refund..."
76561198338508106,Not Recommended,482730,28318963,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,spwade666,"Looking for a good football management sim, Fm2017 is out, woohoo just what we've been waiting for, NOT. Try anything else, go back to 2011, go back to when CM/FM meant an enjoyable duel between AI and the manager. Don't waste your money on this garbage.Seriously upset about his game. Tactics are a joke, they don't change a thing. May as well stick with 4-4-2. Same goes with player roles, support, attack, defend, all are worthless. Played since the original and unless this garbage is seriously overhauled i' going back to a cm game where your tactics actually made a difference. It's a game where cosmetics has been pushed over actual playability and until this has been addressed it is not worth a free play let alone the huge price tag i've paid."
,Not Recommended,482730,26226050,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,talentr9,"很失望，官方没有支持简体中文。希望后续可以支持简体中文，以便我们这些在中国的FM玩家享受它。Very disappointed, there is no official support for Simplified Chinese. Simplified Chinese want to follow-up support to those of us who enjoy it in China's FM players."
76561198073815235,Not Recommended,482730,28347196,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,e_valeri,The game has no updates.. it´s similar to 2016 (which was similar to 2015).. it´s getting boring and boring every year.
,Not Recommended,482730,29146802,Posted: 9 January,all,çağlar,same♥♥♥♥♥♥every year.
,Not Recommended,482730,29497659,Posted: 26 January,all,HDS_EthanHunTTT,"Because of Miles, the man who break his promise , I must give negative comment.This is not about the Chinese language , just about integrity and respect."
76561198041197283,Not Recommended,482730,30226247,Posted: 27 February,all,Frank's,Last year was ok this year the game is pretty crap
76561197967508296,Not Recommended,482730,28176354,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,FuZZyNut,"after thorough research, I can officially say the FM engine is total garbage and I am finally done."
76561198121160888,Not Recommended,482730,26412431,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,B3N Y30MAN,Really good game but its like FM16 not a lot of diffrence their put a few things new in but not a lot have change.
,Not Recommended,482730,27170287,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wheatley,Spend your money and time in FM16 or FM15(the best choice)... I am sick and tired same things every year
76561198022270802,Not Recommended,482730,28783594,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,bunje2008,"As stated previously its fm2016 with a new skin .. repetitive media questions and unrealistic transfers. boring boring boring lets just hope they make 2018 with some innovation, less *simulation* more role playing."
76561198024913486,Not Recommended,482730,29224471,Posted: 13 January,all,Mick.,"Probably the worse football manager game ever made, too many comebacks per season & one bad result always ends up in a 10 game losing streak, terrible terrible game"
76561198002054823,Not Recommended,482730,29826278,Posted: 10 February,all,Cooper 20!8,what a total waste of money
76561198101032950,Not Recommended,482730,28711790,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,My name is Jeff,totally trash.
76561198075316921,Not Recommended,482730,26491440,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Fr1zzY,"don't really like the game , mail this year isn't colour coded. and subscribtions are bugged as awards don't show in mail unless one of my players won the award"
76561198071148999,Not Recommended,482730,34912797,Posted: 12 September,all,SandkingRz21,Worst version ever. Saved file failed to open after one season.I will not buy/ play any games made by Sports Interactive going forwards.It is literally wasting my time.
76561197978234737,Recommended,482730,29168887,Posted: 10 January,all,Jelly Fish,"I'm pretty tired of people moaning about this game. This game, is, by far, the most in depth and detailed football game you're ever going to get.The match engine isn't as bad as people make out. Yes, there are some glitches, yes it requires some patch updates, But most games do these days. This is the route ALL NEW GAMES go down now. Look at Xbox games, constantly adding updates to them now. PC Games have always had patches added to them and, this game has been the most ambitious of them all because of the political changes surrounding Brexit that would have needed to be made. I'll come back to that later. Speaking as someone who has worked in computer programming, you can guarantee that any other game that now is part of a console that connects to the internet will be sliding small glitch and bug fixes into their patch updates.I also hear people complain about either being too many changes or not enough changes. Its ridiculous. the game is adaptive, works better, is more personable to the players and all round, is more difficult to play than ever, which at the end of the day, i'd rather not be sat here winning league after leage while finding the game ridiculously easy. If you want to play a game where you win game in, game out, go play FIFA 2017's career mode and just play the games yourself.I find the game good fun, enough to write this review, because people will buy the game, play it, lose a few matches or find it difficult, or get a slight glitch, and boom, straight on the review pages slating it.....Please click my review to see more of my rant...The game is very realistic. Whenever i discuss it with people who don't play the game, they are pretty surprised by the lengths that the game has gone to take what goes on in real life and put it into the game. Again, its obvious you will not see Wayne Rooneys taste for the elder ladies come into fruition, Cristiano Ronaldo is not gonna write off his ferarri on his way to training. Big Sam will not be caught with his pants down over circumventing the third party ownership laws and of course there won't be a massive scandal over the head of Fifa taking bungs left right and centre because THATS NOT WHAT THE GAMES ABOUT! you just won't see that in any game!The crowning glory for me in terms of the new additions is the Brexit. The fact that you can start any new game you want and it will be completely different from the next because of this. It is like Russian roulette of Footballing geography. The fact they managed to turn this around so quickly into probably one of the best additions of the game is unbelievable. YOU WILL NOT GET THIS IN ANY OTHER GAME!Yes, there are alot of the same old same olds, but, its a football management game. I'm pretty sure there's only a finite number of things you can do when you break it down. I don't get what people want out of the game when they say this.The only things i've noticed that have swayed from the realism is team names and the German national team situation.  It seems like that is the only thing that has gotten worse from previous years. There are no Brazillian team names any more, or spanish. You can work it out, but they are named differently for some reason. That is a negative.As far as managing the team, playing through the matches, moving up the leagues, winning games, losing games, buying/selling/dealing with/training players, even the realism of transfer fees and the finances going on in the game and the influence of the Chinese leagues are concerned.. this is second to no other football management simulation game. Fact.So stop moaning about not being able to win games, that one glitch that cost you a goal, that you hammer teams statistically but can't score for toffee, or even that the came crashed one time and you were on a good run (USE THE GODDAMN SAVE BUTTON AND AUTO SAVE OPTIONS!), about the bug fixes that come out (which FYI, auto download through steam and other than the january transfer updates move seamlessly into your save games),  about the gameplay (because that has actually improved alot over the years) and realise that this game is still the number 1 in football management simulators. All of them things can boil down to the work arounds i've already provided above or one simple thing.... BE A BETTER MANAGER!if i could give this game a star rating i'd say 4 out of 5. Aside from the club names and German national team situation, the only other thing that irks me slightly is the Sports scientist and data analyst roles and that there is currently no stats for them that make them any better or worse than anyone else.of course this is just my opinion, but i think you'll find its more detailed than the hundreds of othersthat say ' Games bad,' 'same old same old,' ' waste of money because it doesn't work properly'Anyone who says that this game is the same as the last one, is blind to the fact that thats the way it is now. i think if you look at the majority of games that release new versions every year, you'll find, there aren't any that really overhaul the game and come up with something brand spanking new. This game is trying to get as close to something in real life as it can. There is only so far it can go! if you find it too similar, step outside, take in a big deep breath and look around at yourself. life rarely changes!The game works fine for the most part, its the people operating the machines, or the machines themselves that don't work. Like i said, i'm aware that there are some crashes, some bug fixes... but ultimately, everything that you need to provide back up for all that is in the auto save. Maximum you will lose is a month if you actually bother to go to the preferences and set it up.Don't hate the game, hate the players (and after reading these negative reviews for the last 4/5 years... i actually have started to)"
76561198034297101,Not Recommended,482730,26488352,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,brett7365,"WOW! I can't believe how bad this game is, I have played every version of this series since the Championship manager 97/98 version, most were ok, kept me engaged for months of my life, but this, it is so bad, in my current save I'm playing with a 4-3-3 narrow formation, no jokes on average I create 30  + chances a match with the match stat showing between 3 and 6 clear cut chances, but I am only scoring a goal every 3 games if I am lucky, at the moment I have 6 good strikers and between them they have scored 6 goals in 18 games with a shot on target ratio of about 16 percent most shots float over the bar like the ball has wings and when one of the strikers do hit it on target every goalkeeper in the game except mine of course makes manuel neuer look like an amatuer, wish I had never bought this utter garbage"
,Not Recommended,482730,26293181,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,vlad1524,This should just have been a FM 2016 patch.
76561198052007854,Not Recommended,482730,27750657,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,joshwaa1990,"Poor game when it comes to putting your tactics in place.  Your players simply don'tlisten and you end up watching mostof the game seeing your players pitifully chase the opposition.Incredibly annoying and confusing as you can't really put your philososphies in place.  For example, my philosophy was to play direct football whilst closing opposition down immediately.  Also I attempt to have my midfielders involved however they are continuously overrun.  If your tactics don't work you know about it.  I've losta fair number of games so far with 8-0 a common score.Dont bother buying unless you like losing.  Far too difficult it's practically impossoble."
,Not Recommended,482730,28298854,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,DAVE KING LOYAL,"+ Looks more realistic/greater graphics+ Incorporates real world events (Brexit)- Almost the same game as last year, very little difference- Injuries are way too frequent, overkill- Still no badges for certain teams and names for certain leagues which is ridiculous- Social feed is completely useless, why on earth did they spend time on this?- Negotiations with players and staff are just stupid. Sometimes they won't tell you what they want so you have to guess    which often leads to them walking away. I always have to save before starting negotiations which just ruins the experienceAs you can see - I don't really recommend the game."
76561198002592137,Not Recommended,482730,29454832,Posted: 23 January,all,Andre Springett,"a Hard Brexit, as well as recalling the bosman ruling has made the game unplayable for me especially as I'm in my 3rd season as a lower league manager. Pitty because I've played the last 12 versions. It's just taken the fun out of it as I cant get anyone on free because even when out of contract they never leave their club so I still have to pay a fee which is far too high."
76561198047887861,Not Recommended,482730,28859692,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,youknowwestay 👌woke👌,This game prides itself on being a very realistic simulation of football.Just take a look at the defending in the game and you can see that is absolutely false.
76561198051464679,Not Recommended,482730,29500574,Posted: 26 January,all,buckleymartin,"A waste of money, the death of a legacy. I've been a fan of this game for years, through Championship manager and the birth of Football Manager, this game is undoubtedly the worst. It appears that the developers have forgotten fans of this game want to be Football Managers! Inconsistency in results, 10m transfer rejected only for the player to transfer for 5m elsewhere, Goalkeepers are all sh#t and i can't get a striker to score, i mean Barcelona with Messi, Neymar and Suarez scoring 10 goals between them. Its with a heavy heart that I'll exit.And warning to anyone tempted to buy, dont."
76561198169214273,Not Recommended,482730,28831134,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,jari_feyenoord_13,"It's honestly the most annoying FM ever!I play with my favorite team Feyenoord when this happens. In the beginning of the season, my team is able to win almost every match (lost 2 matches of the first 17 in the competition). After the winterbreak my team is struggling. It's harder to win. You can say, your opponent is changing his tactics on your style of play. But then I start testing the same match 3(!) times with 3 different tactics.I did this in the match FC Twente - Feyenoord. I'm 1-2 up in the 89th minute. Somehow, Twente get a corner. The ball comes to my defender and he wants to clear the ball. However, he shot at the striker of my opponent and the ball bounces back to my keeper. He can easily pick the ball up, but he managed to dive OVER the ball. 2-2.1 minute later: Free kick from 30 yards out fly in to the top corner. I Lost 3-2.I tried this game 2 times again and the same stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥goals happen. My team is stronger 9 of 10 times, and have much more possesion, much more chanches and much, very much more shots, but the keepers of my opponents are like an octopus. This game tests your frustration every single game. It's like you cannot be a champ.I like it when I lose to a team that is better than mine, but not every single game against weaker teams that have the luck of God every single time when Satan is on my side.Sorry, but this game is terribly♥♥♥♥♥♥..."
76561198061602387,Not Recommended,482730,28345941,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,sergiu.musgociu,the game is pretty much the same as what it was before. I played it for quite a lot of time and I can say that it is pretty much 100% a bug festival and nobody seems to be itnerested in fixing them.Honestly do not buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's not worth it. You'll only get frustrated with the number of bugs which it has. Download an updated database for FM16 and u'll be better off.
76561198002349044,Not Recommended,482730,29159582,Posted: 10 January,all,pompey_fan123,loved it - lack of new features doesnt bother me. The fact it now does not work on any of my computers/macs is a complete joke. even after removing it and reinstalling it fails to work.. my time playing this game is now done..
76561198071226456,Not Recommended,482730,29370016,Posted: 19 January,all,Kytharn,"I downloaded this game with a sense of hope. 10 hours into the game, the reviews proved to be true. Based on my first run in, I find the game to be poorly designed or shall i say, a distinct lack of improvement over the past few years. The match engine continues to be broken. The number of shots per game is unrealistically high. There often are at least 20 shots per game from one side. Talented youth players will go for 40 to 100 times of their market value hence making it quite impossible to buy them on a limited budgeted. This is based on 10 hours of game play where 2-3 hours was spent on setting up my squad. I have asked for a refund and i hope i will be reimbursed for my time wasted else just what i paid for the game."
,Not Recommended,482730,28729391,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,konigeseeggkonigsegge,"Despite only playing football manager for ten hours, i can already see some faults espically with goalkeeping, a further ten hours on and the interview questions mean ♥♥♥♥ all. now im at a point where the game is verylaggy"
76561198056450613,Not Recommended,482730,26583804,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Kazeria,"Nice updates to the game however its terribly unstable and crashes constantly. Poor effort here and unplayabe for many people,"
,Not Recommended,482730,28364601,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Ramy,"I can't tell how much I love this game. the whole experience is unique and one of a kind, but what makes me absolutely furious is the fact that the annimations are the same since I started playing this game back in 09 and maybe even before that, since FM 2014 and I feel like I am purchasing the same game every year all over again plus the new transfers, which you can do with a patch, I know they add cool stuff every year and I appreciate that, but it's just not enough, the number one thing people seek for in this game is reality, and graphics should be priority not social nework feed... I am for sure gonna think twice before buying FM in the future, unless it has some real graphics changes."
76561198002741030,Recommended,482730,32676205,Posted: 23 June,all,spacemuppet,"Simply the best football management game there is. Complex and challenging, not for the casual footy fan or casual gamer this game will devour your free time!"
76561198008049136,Not Recommended,482730,29931391,Posted: 14 February,all,eggandspoonchamp,This Game is an utter disgrace!! way way over priced and it has not run ptoperly since i downlaoded it on release ive tried it on my Mac and it buggy and wont even start properpy and on my macbook it crashes all the time!! You shoule be ashamed nothing has really changed on the game features just the game itself had got terrible AVOID!!!
76561197998038949,Not Recommended,482730,26561850,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Chebloke,"There are so many issues withthis game but the most annoying is one that has reared its ugly head so many times down the years.I seem to average 25-30 shots every match!?!? However I do not score-oh no but my opponents seem too! In my last game I had 37 shots-25 on target and scored once. My opposition? 6 shots, 5 on target scoring 4!!!This pretty much happens every match I play-utterly ridiculous especially when my attacking stats are strong for the division I am playing in. Oh-And my gaolkeeper is pretty sorted too!"
76561198124456596,Not Recommended,482730,29171984,Posted: 10 January,all,The Real Ghost,This is just disappointing.It's getting worse every year
,Not Recommended,482730,29935301,Posted: 14 February,all,p@sser,"I am not a loyal FM fan, bought the game simply because I like strategy games. So far my experience is not what I would expect from a PC FM game.1. the splash screen are 4:3 scale, we are in 2016/7 and I was astonished when I saw the 2 dark areas at the sides of my screen, fearing I bought some game made in the 90's.2. no music/SFX in the menu. I only have a low-priced headset and all I can hear during the game is the buzzing. Again we are in 2016/7, we no longer need to try to put everything in a 32kb disk. Even if you just put in one 8-bit BGM, it would make me feel much better.3. terrible optimization. The game's UI makes it feel like a web game, but the loading tme feels like a 90 GB triple A game running on a 00's PC.4. terrible art choice. Why the ♥♥♥♥ does my manager have such long arms and such terrible looking suits? Come on SEGA you were from Japan, even just grabbing some 2D portraits would make the manager look much better. The unpolished 3D model which lack detailed customization only make things worse and  make the game even more feel like a terrible web game.5. as every Chinese player ponted out in there review, the producer promised Chinese, the game supported 16 languages, the game itself has Chinese football league, yet there is no official Chinese translation. I have no difficulty reading English, but trying to read those not-mother-language small characters on a 15 inch screen is really pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ This is not simply a matter of not supporting the majority of the purchaser of the game, but exposing the problem of discrimination and dishonesty.I have to admit that the core game mechanics are fascinating, but these surface level problems are hindering me from enjoying those juicy core contents. When small problems gather, a nonnegligible situation appears, an thus a not recommanded is given. 49/100 slightly not recommanded."
76561198039679855,Not Recommended,482730,29744619,Posted: 6 February,all,brfcrhargreaves,"The same game as 2016. Not worth it for the price. Also my version has a tendency to crash on transfer deadline day.Wait for them to do some proper updates. Stick with 2016 for a couple/few versions. Dont be tempted to buy this, you'll regret it."
76561198050822509,Not Recommended,482730,26595391,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Tabib,"I have a fan of FM but, this series is very disappointed...i have play with Juventus, but at some random date, game always error back to windows so i have to go to holiday for ignore that date...  but this is not crash dump...sorry SI, but i have to say this FM series is f**king♥♥♥♥♥..if you fix my problem i will give good reviews"
76561198004404694,Not Recommended,482730,34906375,Posted: 12 September,all,Hyrusan,"I've spent a ridiculous amount of time on this game.As a football sim it's the best, however, I can't recommend this game.twice, my saved file had corrupted. One costing me hours of game time and the most recent one costing me a season's worth of play time. Nothing happened during the course of this, the Devs brush it to the side with a sorry.They don't care about this game, it's buggy as ♥♥♥♥ and if you invest time into it, and there is a technical glitch they will say ""Sorry you should make multiple saves just incase"" pretty much cause they can't be ♥♥♥♥ed to actually make a game that saves properly the way every other game manages to in this day and age.I will never play another FM in my life time."
,Not Recommended,482730,29859797,Posted: 11 February,all,hejvictordeternicklas,This game crashes every five minutes. Would recommend if you enjoy your games crashing every five minutes. Would not recommend if you do not enjoy your games crashing every five minutes.
,Not Recommended,482730,26425123,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,RoeeB,"Game crashed 3 times in about two weeks. 2 times were in the Beta so I gave the full release a chance, but after 2 friendly matches in my first save - it crashed for the 3rd time. Never happened to me in any other FM game before.P.S - The social feed feature is worthless and useless. Should have stuck with the regular news."
76561198004785745,Not Recommended,482730,26708071,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,sonerustun,Another piece of garbage; just like its intoductory youtube videos.
,Recommended,482730,32713697,Posted: 23 June,all,Rajøsh,Fun. Fun. Fun.
76561198027340980,Recommended,482730,30061204,Posted: 20 February,all,TomCrane,"I could say that I'm a true Football-Manager fan. I'm playing the game for 10 years now and it's a game who's always on my 'to-buy' list. The only problem in this game is: The game is already so detailled, it's almost impossible to add things that are really an addition to this game. I love the way they improve the graphics, interface and extra-options in the game like creating your own manager for example. Everytime they add some more tactic-options aswell which makes your team completely the way you want it to play. When you switch some tactics it's really rewarding to see your team really changing the way of approaching a match, and it's even more rewarding when it's really working out!On the other side, they could really improve the Social Media and the Press conference options. You're always facing the same questions and comments. That's the reason I let my assistent-manager do those things, because it got me bored already.Resume:Gameplay:      9/10: It's really addictive, especially when u'r playing with your favourite teams or climbing up from the bottom.Replay value: 10/10: Because you can almost play like every club on the world, it is really awesome to try other tactics with the same squad, or become manager on the other side of the world.Graphics:        7/10: Because i'm playing for around 10 years, I really see the improvements they are working through. But ofcourse, it can only get better.Price/Worth    7/10: €54,99 is a lot of money for a game. But I play this game so much every year, it's really worth it for me.Total: 8/10."
76561198334190289,Not Recommended,482730,26282064,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,bupt_zxy,"A few changes,but nothing exciting,not worth the money spent on it."
,Recommended,482730,26153983,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Goat of Wisdom,"Good fun, huge improvement over FM16, new features actually have a decent impact on the game, and the 64 bit client makes things run much better.  90% of the negative reviews are just Chinese people complaining that it doesn't support their language cause they're too stupid to check whether it does beforehand."
76561198014491691,Not Recommended,482730,26301220,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ashmore_mark,"They've really let themselves down and ripped us off with FM17....I've always bought games right back to the first days of Champ but I feel like SI has taken the♥♥♥♥♥♥this time.It is just the same game as FM16 with a new skin, updated details and a couple of irrelevant new 'features', its nothing but a patch on last years game. They must have made a right profit on this as they've spent nothing.Complete rip off."
76561198074490039,Recommended,482730,26244705,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,dalejchristie,So far the pre-release version is very good - social media is repetitive which I hope they update on final release as it adds a nice touch. Extra staff roles on offer which agin adds a modern feel - alreayd a super game so difficult to make major changes I guess - looking forward to the added features and crowds/chnats on full release #BVB
,Not Recommended,482730,30455526,Posted: 11 March,all,near the bear,"I think I should preface my review by stating I am a long time FM (and CM) player with well over 10,000 hours logged since my first game back in 1998.To get the nice words out of the way, FM17 looks very nice. Social feed clogs everything up but on the whole, a nice visual change (albeit small) from 16. Matchday looks good so no complaints there. And now onto the bad. I remember reading a review from earlier which stated that FM17 had embraced this identity of a get the slightest thing wrong (team-talk, group meeting, flexibility etc etc) and you will get absolutely pasted and to a certain extent, that summation is correct. Since about '14 we have seen this to be more and more accurate. But for such a framework to exist, thereHASto be some kind of continuity with which things like team-talks & formations work. Team-talks are easiest to focus in this example. Game A, your team talk makes your players focused and they dominate the game and win. Game B, similar opposition, players are focused and you get pasted 5-0. There is absolutely 0 feedback to tell you what you are doing is correct because there is no continuity to assure you.Then we move onto discipline, penalties and injuries. You will rarely see the AI give away a penalty, get injured or get red-carded. You can be sure that your team will get 1, 2 or even all 3 happen to you in one game.It feels like SI have gone out of their way to make the game difficult which is all well and good. But they have gone beyond difficult and created a system whichNO-ONEunderstands. The best analogy I can come up with to represent this is this. If I put my hand in fire, it hurts. I know not to put my hand in fire. I learn. Whereas the SI approach dictates that sometimes you can put your hand in fire and win a new car. Other times you 'might' get hurt. There isZEROsystem in place to help you learn. All you can do is guess. Very, very disappointing and very, very boring. Poor show SI. Poor show."
,Recommended,482730,33067063,Posted: 30 June,all,Japanio624,"I am no avid football fan, nor do I completely understand or follow soccer, but I love this game to death!I've learned so much about football since I started playing this game, and I didn't even have to start at the finest Premier or first division clubs, I started out as an unemployed journeyman manager. I applied for jobs, I learned the game and the politics of the sport in the hardest ways, consistently losing league game after game, losing star players, losing my club tons of money, signing worthless contracts, losing my job after being caught trying to find a better managing position. The learning curve is something to awe at, not be discouraged by. The level of depth and excitement that you can experience from this simulation game is tenfold more than that of other soccer games such as PES or FIFA. Every loss is a learning experience, every draw calls for a tactical change or a player swap, and every victory and subsequent goal is so rewarding and fufilling. This is nothing like any other Football game out there, this is well developed and beautiful, and the modding community is just as great. I'll give this an 11/10, and as an American I am proud to exemplify this game as the greatest Football Simulator developed as of yet!"
,Not Recommended,482730,26561450,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Superclose,I have thousands of hours in Football Manager. This game crashes and is filled with bugs. It is the first game I have attempted to refund on Steam. Wait for a patch or two.
76561198080526317,Not Recommended,482730,28805897,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,joshwilky93,bugs & crashes. constant loss of saved games.
76561197961922479,Not Recommended,482730,29991693,Posted: 17 February,all,Bully,"What a bad version this game is! It hasn't added much in the way of complexity to 15 but it sure feels like it has because the visual interface is horrible. Everything just looks so complicated, it's like they deliberatly made it look as different as possible because they knew it was essentiall a minor patch on 15 and not a new game! I got this at a discounted steam offer and it was still waaaaaay too much!Keep playing 2015 if you havn't already bought this ugly version."
76561198058767234,Not Recommended,482730,29964449,Posted: 16 February,all,iMikeG,When I was going to play fm2017 the game was updating so I waited... after the update the game lags a lot (when I bought it didn't lag at all) and is so frustating to play.... PS: the players are brainless and this game needs a lot of work to be a great game... sad
,Recommended,482730,27054116,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,EXY,you cant just pick your world class team and won everything. full of possession and many shoots then rekt other teams. that's the point of the 'manager' game. you have to analyze etc. i dont see the problem at all. good game
,Not Recommended,482730,30774239,Posted: 27 March,all,deadlydeepdish,"Fun game for those who want updated squad lists, updated player ratings, if you're generally new. But for long-time players, unlike myself, this game is garbage. Plus, whenever I open up this game after a few days off, it completely deletes itself. It's done it twice now, and I'm going back to FM16. BAD PRODUCT ALL IN ALL"
76561198084371598,Recommended,482730,32641043,Posted: 22 June,all,Deenuk,"Don't get this game, it has taken up my life it is an addiction please send help"
76561198159383221,Not Recommended,482730,29634210,Posted: 1 February,all,CatchMe,Social feed really? What's next? A dating website?
76561198129475162,Not Recommended,482730,30521465,Posted: 15 March,all,cyborgdad,"I've been playing since the 90s and really enjoyed the experience. Until now. I just can't get figure out how to win anymore. I've used my own experience, plus all the expertise available on various websites to try and succeed in the game, but it has defeated me, It seems the AI is just too smart. It's the same pattern with just about any game I play: I work hard to build a tactic and team do well then for no reason I get beaten every game with my team not even getting close. And there seems no way around it. If you change things around the players play like they've never met each other, but if you leave things alone the AI has you sussed and snuffs you out. It's just not enjoyable anymore, and it's such a shame."
76561198014536130,Not Recommended,482730,30607680,Posted: 18 March,all,jutcrathorne,"Have to agree with what people are saying on here, the tatics are absolutely horrendous, players are inconsistant, team will just start losing for no reason, all the usual rubbish we all say every year and still buy it"
,Not Recommended,482730,31054864,Posted: 9 April,all,pablito15,"Re do the match engine, stop restricting player instructions."
76561198083869831,Not Recommended,482730,29068644,Posted: 6 January,all,petecrichton,"This is a very frustrating game, there are very few issues with the game play, in fact in terms of game play I would say that this is one of the best FM games in recent years. My issue is that around 60%-70% of the games crash (I have had to play a game three times). The big issue is that I played a game was winning on three occasions and the game kept crashing, on the fourth attempt I lost the match. This is very frustrating, you have not option but to resort to save scumming which is very frustrating."
76561198099367045,Recommended,482730,27524972,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,azoros77,Not very different than last year but still a good game.
,Not Recommended,482730,29965400,Posted: 16 February,all,Dastardly Crumpet,"I have over 700 hours in this years edition and have to say that beyond a few cosmetic changes and tweeks to the match engine(for the worse), this game is significanlty worse than FM16(1700+ hours clocked).The tacked on social network aspect is appallingly bad and only serves slows the game down, the create a face feature seems like the owners saw a good sales pitch and decided to tack it on and the AI/Match engine is all over the place at best.FM16 has it's flaws but is infintely more playable than FM17.As of today I will be going back to FM16 full time, I played a few hours last night and the game flies by at breakneck speed and seems fresh an clean without the token social network attached."
76561198083673373,Not Recommended,482730,29405707,Posted: 21 January,all,Dellvil,love this game so much i can put game on wife waching soaps kids ask for help with lego i can just pause game or save is i like but it needs to improve i own all the fm on my steam account and dont feel it is worthy of updating to fm18 if it is same as usual 6/10
76561198003340532,Not Recommended,482730,29345578,Posted: 18 January,all,matthew__smith87,"The games a JOKE! i played with Man Utd first season signed a few players got a really good tactic going...all is good and i won the league by 2 points went right down to the wire was awesome. I blooded a few of the youngsters from the under 23s and 18s.....i was playing awesome and the players were performing unbelieveable...i did lose and draw and few games i must admit aswell wasnt one of those 30 games without victory!! SO comes to closed season and i had like 100mill to spend brought 4/5 players in 2 of which were world class and 3 promising players...i sold...lingard,darmian,rooney and blind for decent money...so i started the second season with a better squad 2 class players per position...tactics rolling class again in pre season...i start the season with 5 losses out of 6...3 of the teams were promoted from the championship with no investment of there squads!!...and i had 5 red cards in them 6 games ...2 of which were in one game before half time!! i would go 1-0 or 2-0 up and just fall apart..i would have like 30 shots on goal and 4 on target 65% of the ball and they would score on the first shot on target at 75mins!! i didnt have 1 red card last season...and now i have 5.I then have about 10 injuries to the first team 5 in the middle of midfield all happened in the last 2 weeks of pre season..last year i had one or 2 injuries how can that change so much?!!! ibra scored 46 goals last season hes played 9 and scored 1! the game is a joke! over priced bag of rubbish! none of this is realistic at all.....i for one am not the best Fm player by a mile and dont mind losing but not like that with Man Utd and Squad of World class players who won 3 Tophies last season!"
,Not Recommended,482730,30362709,Posted: 6 March,all,maxojg,"This game is the first fm game which I don't know how to beat. I've been playing since fm11, and after many glorious saves on previous football managers, this is the first which absolutely baffles me. No matter which tactics I use, or which team, I cannot win. This is also the first fm which seems completely luck based and scripted, so there's absolutely no point in even buying it. Complete waste of 35 quid. Get fm16 if you want a properly immersive manager experience, not this garbage."
76561198207786363,Not Recommended,482730,29151962,Posted: 9 January,all,rdan,"Not much different from FM16, expected more changes."
76561198312292735,Not Recommended,482730,29316533,Posted: 17 January,all,raymondchanwk08,"After one month of playing, game suddenly hangs at start screen, even the whole Mac freezes up. Have to restart using the main power supply wall switch, deleted whole game clean from my Mac! Reinsalled, still the same problem! Not playing anymore, sticking to FM16, more stable and reliable!"
,Not Recommended,482730,31719732,Posted: 13 May,all,OnlyFate,"Pro:Nothing new compare to what we have in FM2016Con:The same game selling at full game priceConsidering I have playing FM for years, I am very disappointed about this years game. The games lag of new content but charging like a new game is not really respecting their players espacilly the loyal one. If you have previous versions, I do not recommend this game."
76561198024444559,Not Recommended,482730,28224417,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,johnohaley,"Maybe it's me and I don't get it or I'm not good enough but it is too random. Regardless of whether it's tactics, injuries, transfers etc. I don't feel like I'm in control. Which is kind of a big deal in a management simulator."
,Not Recommended,482730,30636340,Posted: 20 March,all,Next Gen,"I've purchased 8 released of the game, since 2012 until now. In previous versions, the match engine could be good or not so good.But for this version, the match engine is just broken and is messed up with so badly.If they won't fix the offside and penalty issues, I won't ever buy again from this series."
,Not Recommended,482730,31159360,Posted: 15 April,all,PipA,"I just bought this game,and i've made a mistake.Nothing new , and it sucksit crashed 3 times in 2 hrs of playing."
76561198200631046,Not Recommended,482730,30991327,Posted: 6 April,all,FirsitoAmon,Make a new match engine for FM2018
,Not Recommended,482730,26596804,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,[HK]MichaelCo.,"Terrible game......Go for the match, first you get an own goal.Silly AI let your competitor to earn a penalty.then one of your defeners got red card because of the STUPID AIafter that, another midfielder directly send out from the field!Losing 4-1 now.Speechless and as I long time FM series supporter,I found that SI has no desire to improve or fix anything.260HKD is not a worth buy for only changing the data base and have some 'fancy' 3D-graphicsDevastated with the FM Series.You ruined this game. SI! Shame."
,Recommended,482730,32420546,Posted: 14 June,all,Ghost Rider,"Managed a team from 3rd division to 1st division with great youth players ready to play. Complained about training facilities, got fired because they didn't want to upgrade training facility, realised i didn't save game for 6 months.GG"
76561198018877149,Not Recommended,482730,28466303,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,robpalmer1977,"So far playability is great, love some of the new features and the flow.My main concern is the limited ability to find players, the players I know exist but don't appear in the game.  I am checking it isn't the way I've set up but so far I am very disappointed with the lack of ability to search for the next starlet as they do not appear, the inability to access leagues and nations to find and view players.The usual list of Wonder KIds I have from FM16 and from the forums, vast majority don't appear in the game play.Massive disappointment so far!!!"
,Recommended,482730,32909411,Posted: 27 June,all,Goutz,Good game
76561197996469794,Recommended,482730,32052623,Posted: 29 May,all,thancock11,"I see quite a number of negative reviews for this game. There are no doubt criticisms that can be made, but none come to mind for me. I don't like the Manager Monster creation thing and would rather just upload a file. Generated images for people are also sub-par. These are not important to me.Errors that Aren't, or Might Not BeThe descriptions of many supposed problems with the game don't ring true to me at all. Someone will say this or that isn't realistic, that wingers always do this or that or there are too many shots off the woodwork, or that players pass into touch too often, etc. These criticisms are completely subjective, however. Even if you have played the game as much as I have, you are seeing a small data set of some events. Someone even complained that an assistant referee made an offside call wrong! In a game this complex, that seems spitefully petty. Something else is at work in these criticisms.The Ungrateful SodThe first explanation for these complaints is that videogames today are played by people who don't appreciate what goes into a project like Football Manager. They have grown up with games that would have been completely unthinkable 40 years ago, when we played games with cardboard and plastic. They feel entitled. They feel all games should have all the best qualities of all of the best games. I saw, for example, a comparison to EA Fifa in a complaint. (They are two very different games, obviously.) Perhaps they expect the game--which isn't really about accurate portrayal of physical events--to be photo-realistic. I'm reminded of Lewis C.K.'s complaint that ""Today everything's amazing and no one is happy."" These entitled users are like the air traveler who complains loudly when the wi-fi in the airplane goes down. ""How quickly the world owes them something they first heard about 10 seconds ago,"" is how Lewis C.K. put it.Ah, Youth ...Remember how the best music ever was made when you were 17-21 years old? Classic Rock rules, man. Or the 80s, whatever. If we don't keep up, we end up at the fair listening to our Madchester musical heroes in grey beards. There are many negative reviews that begin with ""I have played this game since ...."" I have a suspicion that many of the negative reviews that begin like this come from people who played an earlier version of the game in college or as young adults when they had the free time to spend. Now they are in relationships and have a child to raise and suddenly the game ""sucks."" I don't believe Sports Interactive offers a guarantee that you can recover your young adulthood. The game's more complex and you need time to learn it.It's a Cheap GameI also don't understand complaints about the price. Play the demo before buying it. At that point ""buyer beware"" applies. If you enjoy the game, what is the cost per hour of your enjoyment? How does that compare to movies or other forms of entertainment? Even if the game doesn't undergo big improvements year-on-year, just the updating of the database is a big job. I'm quite content at this point with incremental improvements and an updated database each year. The game is at a ""mature"" level; do players want perhaps SI to implement players with jet-packs? More seriously, do they expect a game to be able to capture the incredible range of behaviors that happen in a real match or season? Maybe racial abuse is needed to capture those especially nasty behaviors from fans. For now, the game is more than realistic enough for me to ""suspend disbelief"" and imagine myself in the hot seat.Football Manager has given me many hours of enjoyment, especially when I bring the editor into play. It still deserves a 95-100 for me. The majority of negative reviewers on Steam, however, get the sack."
76561198264908027,Not Recommended,482730,32410073,Posted: 14 June,all,Jason Leo,"Same as fm2016, nothing improved, just updates database. So disappointed."
76561198112625938,Recommended,482730,26124368,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,曹砺,Here's a player from China.I have seen many chinese players protest for no Chinese Language.SEGA Please don't be bother by them.I love this game and I want to play Football Manager every year.Please don't block the game in China.
,Recommended,482730,26105920,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Emratajkowski,The 3D match engine is much better than it's look at the video teaserand i love the social feed.
76561198169980694,Not Recommended,482730,26189578,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,xeewaj,"UPDATE: Looks like they broke even x.3 rule. 17.3 patch is totally unplayable - ten times slower (not an exaggeration!), crashes at certaing points of a save so you can't advance, and EVEN MORE UGLIER regen faces (didn't think it's possible).So, ""NO"" stays. Not worth buying....Actually it's nothing to review except reviews, just want to remind one simple thing:If you don't feel like working as beta-tester for free, don't play seriously until winter transfers update (17.3) is released. Everything before is just a public beta. It always was, since the beginning.I'm not recommending the game right now, mostly 'cause of ""yes/no"" limitations. I'll recommend it somewhere in Feb 2017."
76561198051120000,Not Recommended,482730,26694866,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Richard,Abysmal match engine
76561198008584278,Not Recommended,482730,26456458,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,CertaCito,Just plastered over some of the cracks of FM16. Not great.
,Recommended,482730,26243448,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Kolesterol,"Game is great, stop this Chinese Language Reviews, you are just destroying the game's reputation. There are other ways of get SI to get what you want."
76561198028210245,Not Recommended,482730,30487709,Posted: 13 March,all,The Joker,"i've been playing FM since 11 and been a big fan of the game, and never had any issues with it until 16, i liked 14 and 15 and i still play 15 when i get bored with the stupidity of this one! (played 15 over 2000 something hours, that's how much i enjoyed it and i still do) 16 was the worst FM game ever made!! 17, still bad, really bad, not as bad as 16, but bad, i mean yeah, new staff roles are kind of cool, even though some of them are absolutely pointless! but game logic? i see some others mentioned it, but come on man, 30 shots on goal but only 1 or 2 goals? and opposition gets 2 chances and scores them both? even though they are not a high level team nor have a good striker for that matter? that's just absurd, i mean sure, there should be some diffculties to the game, otherwise you keep dominating, but make them sensiblei set up the best backroom staff that i can, best physios, club doctor, best fitness coaches and still my players gets injured very often and not even minor injuries, lots of major ones, if hiring the best of best is not going to make any difference, then what's the point of spending all your time to find the best coaches and physios? what's the point of the attributes of coaches and physios if they are not going to make any difference?seriously, SI, you are losing us!for 18 you guys should make some real changes, i'm not talking about what you did for 17, just some minor changes from 16 and here's a new game! you ripped us off!most fans of the game had problems with 16 and yet you didn't care, you didn't listen to them, all you did just a little tweak here and there, but not good enough tweaks! and here is 17!, seriously try to go couple years back, try to make the game as good as it was back in 14 or 15, using some celebrities for some weird ads on net, not going to make the game any better, make some real changes, give us something better, most fans been loyal to the game for years and this is how you are paying us back for our loyalty? with an over-priced s****y game?yes, making the game a little harder could be good, because i used to just dominate the league and CL, but make it in a way that makes sense, not in a way that makes you want to destroy your computer because even though your team gets more than enough chances to score 3-4 goals and that you have a good striker, but yet can only score one against a fairly weak opponent or where tactics doesn't matter,so no matter how much you work on finding the best tactic for your team, it's not going to make that big of a difference, because of the game mechanism, you still end up having the same problemsyes, add new staff roles, but ones that are actually useful and makes a difference, don't add something useless just for the sake of giving us something new, yes, we would love to see new staff roles or some new features of the game, but we want them to make the game better, to add something to itfor 18, do something good, because right now, i'd rather play 15 or go way back and play CM 07 or 08, instead of playing 16 or 17, we've been loyal fans for years, you should be loyal to your fans as well, don't try to rip us off, because we may be loyal now, for the sake of the past, but sure as hell won't stay loyal to a company that doesn't give a damn about what we think and giving us some s****y versions of a game we love and making us like it less and less every year, so don't take your fans for granted, some other game companies did the same, with different football manager games, and they lost their fans and now those games are just history, that's what happens when you don't give your fans what they want and when you try to rip them of, so take it serious, give us something good, something really good, because if you fail us for another year, FM is going to be history as well!"
76561197988145684,Recommended,482730,26587094,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Jeep91,"I am honestly going to have to bite the bullet here, but it is something I should do, and something I realized after playing with my friend, I have to do for conscious sake.Awhile ago, I made a scathing review on the game. Calling out many of its supposed faults, and criticizing its apparent randomness at times.Moreover, although there are bugs, as there are in every game. (Videos online will show goalies just throwing the ball to the opposing player, which are funny, but frustrating.)I do not feel I am able, in good heart and intention to give the game a bad review.Initially, I posted a bad review with 75% favorable rating and 85 of 116 people finding it useful, and although it is my highest ever review, I honestly believe people just hate on the game because many of them do not understand Football. I realize, I sure didn't. I made these seemingly unstoppable tactics, that would work for a bit, and fall apart, or I would have downloaded tactics that worked for 90% of the people except me, random goals going in at random times of the game, back and forth stuff.Honestly? I am an idiot. The game plays great once you start sitting down, and putting time into your players, your coaches, your strengths, and weaknesses, the game fully comes to life.I had a friend, who has played 1000's of hours throughout the FM games, who stopped to help me with some of my tactics, we spent several hours going through players, my tactics, my squad's abilities, shortfalls, and the like. After he had offered some critical analysis and fine tuning of my tactical approaches, I began winning. I started doing things to fit the complexity of the game.See, the thing is I think most of the people on here ranting about the game being horrible, are like myself. Over-zealous football fans who attempt to reflect the ideal tactic in their head. Many of these self-proclaimed managers will try these, and get mad when they do not work. Despite not looking farther under the surface. The games complexities are both shockingly beautiful, and somewhat scary, with hundreds of different combinations running at a single time calculating what the player will do realistically.Those random short goals I had been on the opposing end of, were because of a lack of mental ability in my players. They simply were not able to focus and stay working for a full 90 minutes. After I had destroyed most of my defense core in favor of mentally sound players first, with the others coming secondary, I began to notice a stark difference in my previous attempts, as opposed to my revamped force. They were taking the field in style, pushing down when I said to push, retreating at the right times, their heads were in the game.This is why I cannot in good heart give the game a bad review. The game has seemingly infinite complexity through player choice, decisions, and behind the scenes rolls. A player with great stats might do good for 20 minutes of the game, and fall apart to a worse player, who puts his heart on the pitch for the full 90 minutes and starts to pick the more skilled man apart.I do realize that some people who play the game have a lot of previous experience with football games, and although I do not put their opinions on the hotpan, I do think that some of them are mis-informed, or simply not trying to change, perhaps to a excess of hubrus. Despite the reason, at the end of the day, Football Manager 2017 is much improved in terms of mental A.I on the pitch, many bug fixes, and the dreaded cross storm from last year.If you like the Fm series this game is definitly a must buy.If you are interested in what I had said in my previous review, I will keep it posted below for those curious.A weight off my shoulders, for good reason.-JeepThis game is garbage.Zero innovation, nothing has changed. Literally, watch a FM17 video on youtube and compare it to 16, they literally updated rosters and reuploaded it. U.I the same, Match engine the same, (Player decisions were apparently improved despite them STILL doing random glitchy stupid things.) You wouldn't even notice it was a different game.Crosses, although drastically reduce, count for a ridiculous portion of goals scored still.Random unexplainable breakdowns in this game are ridiculous. I swear half of them are thrown in just for drama, leading 5-0 at the second half, they score 1, 2, 3, all in 5 minutes. I sub, make changes, talk to my players, 4, I change more. 5, 6, and I lose at the end of the game 7-5, despite being full defensive and parking the bus, against a team half my size and skill, they make a 7 goal comeback? Okay?.... There are many other situations like this, this just being the most recent before I RQ.The game hasn't had anything changed, the game is still random in scoring, look at other reviews other than my own. Unexplainable action players take despite player instruction riddle this game with randomness and half of your players don't listen to your tactics.Another recent example from my game, I have a Short foot to foot passing on, dribbling there way up the pitch once control is established. That's the idea, but does he follow it? Of course not! Once we acquire the ball, he hurdles up the side of the pitch (against no dribbling instruction) cuts into the middle (despite me telling plays to maintain their shape and position on the field) and B-lines the god damn ball across the entire field into the chest of an opposing fullback, the ball comes back down the pitch and I get scored on.This game is ridiculous with random breakdowns, defensive breakdowns, random inability to score halfway through the season despite being 1st place and most in scoring prior. SUDDENLY they cannot finish to save their lives. I want to say it is just the players on that team, but I cant, because looking at other reviews, everyone is having this problem. Not to mention it happens on 3 different teams I have tried playing as. You can have an entire team filled with hard working determined players who are not supposed to quit playing until the end of the game and give their heart. But they suddenly get complacent anyway and lead to goals against and you lose the game.I am serious when I say, this game will make the most calm person into a raging lunatic watching every single lead they establish in a game fall away because players quit listening to instructions halfway through the game and lead to blowouts from teams 2 leagues below you.And before anyone pulls the card that I just not know what I am doing, I have played FM games since 2013, take a look at my steam library. This game is just bad, no innovation, nothing improved, same seemingly random match engine, if you want to pay full price for an updated roster of 2016, then its just as good or better. But if you paid full price expecting a new completed game with fun features and the horrible match engine finally patched, it's literally a copy and paste.4/10EDIT: Love losing my final game because despite me teling my keeper less risky passes, pass it short, AND distribute to defenders, he take the ball and punts it up field and brings it back to score on me. Just happened. I swear to god I woudn't rage at this game so much if the A.I listened to basic commands like PASS IT SHORT."
76561198007912792,Not Recommended,482730,31249252,Posted: 19 April,all,s.shekera,"Over 800h gameplay, I tried really hard to love this game after the disappointment of FM14-15-16, but I finally give up. The game st*nks, match engine mechanics are totally broken. Been playing FM for over a decade, but I've had enough of this nonsense. I will never buy another one of your games. Do not purchase the game, you've been warned."
76561198022100502,Not Recommended,482730,31415143,Posted: 28 April,all,mrmister1964,"After many years with this game, since FM 2005, it is now enough.FM2017 is so ridiculesly slow that it pains me to wait and wait and wait for the game to process, and  for me to use the game again. The progress/updates on other matches and news when the calender is shown as a rolling bar on top is sometimes taking minutes to finish off, before one can go to the innbox again, or do other things.DO NOT buy this game."
,Recommended,482730,26250687,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,universe00,"As always, there are a few new features.10/5"
,Not Recommended,482730,30790478,Posted: 28 March,all,#Achilles#,"Same♥♥♥♥♥♥different year.Been playing this for the past 6 iterations and its been steadily going down the drain. It is beyond me how SI fleeces $60 for what is basically a database update and and adding a different color to the interface. Its like paying for a game just to get a DLC.Coming to the actual game,the game engine is horrible.You rarely go through a match that has some semblence of reality. Unrealistic stats like having 20 shots a game and 1 goal. Defenders just stand ball watching and half the time the GK gets hand to ball only for it to deflect into the net. Incredbly high number of goals allowed at near post from impossible angles.Players rarely follow instructions no matter how you do it. I had some success having my fullbacks do overlaps but that's the extent of it.Also,the transfers are ridiculous. I agree that clubs dont want to sell highly rated youngsters but demanding $140M for an 18 yr old??? ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥!!Please DO NOT buy!!"
76561198082916864,Recommended,482730,32610936,Posted: 20 June,all,Esprada,Better than previous FM 2016player not shooting from impossible angle anymore instead they choose to pass to teammates now which make this game become more realisticworth to buy!Bought it when summer sale
76561198008810361,Recommended,482730,32690623,Posted: 23 June,all,Hamish McHaggis,"I have played this game since its early Championship Manager days pre-split and played similar games like it going back to Premier Manager on the Amiga.I fell out of love with it when I discover FML, and couldn't bring myself to play it for a couple of years after FML due to the loss of the community.I am now back to playing it again, It doesn't appear too different from the previous version, however, it does still do what it always did before - provide hundreds of hours of realistic football management fun. It will never replicate the joys of succeeding against real people like FML, but it will always provide the best offline football management simulation."
76561198105684706,Recommended,482730,32789905,Posted: 25 June,all,Alaska,Functional and Addictive - If you are about the details you could sink hours on hours into this game
76561198012437702,Recommended,482730,26688149,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,JPMcGrones,"After some harsh words to begin with I have now changed my mind. Once the game get gets going a bit, around 5/6 seasons it's as good as any other. Having said that anything other than a soft Brexit is totally brutal especially if you like to develop young players from around the world."
,Recommended,482730,32911429,Posted: 27 June,all,ονεμαν,Great football manager simulater so far
,Recommended,482730,33060808,Posted: 30 June,all,ZIKO,Fun gameReally hard at timesmakes you rage when your players makes silly mistakes against friendsbut overall a really good game
,Recommended,482730,32617598,Posted: 21 June,all,W.D.,"Enjoyable Football Simulator as a Manager. Too many improvement, especially Visual Graphics (Last Playing FM 2011). But I can't update official Logo for Club and League. Finno Alla Fine, Forza Juventus!"
,Recommended,482730,32936347,Posted: 28 June,all,TīZTaufu,crash and crash and crash but theres no other game like this . living hell
,Recommended,482730,27931823,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Friendly Dan_,As always has the potential to be life ruining. Except this year it's better!
,Recommended,482730,29989943,Posted: 17 February,all,Noway,NOW，we have our chinese.It is STRONGLY RECOMMEND  to all the football fans!
76561198239967832,Not Recommended,482730,31842006,Posted: 19 May,all,KoziKoRu,♥♥♥♥♥♥poor unrealistic and players dont listen to your team talks or tactics 100% avoid this game!!!
,Not Recommended,482730,33411454,Posted: 9 July,all,darko__77,The whole team becomes easily unhappy for no reason.
,Not Recommended,482730,26409252,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Benziniho,"Match Engine is a shambles - just update FM12, was the best one in the last 5 years or so"
76561197991918371,Recommended,482730,32357976,Posted: 11 June,all,jonalexher,"Amazing game, for anyone who has played FM before and knows how this game works this is definitely one to pick up. 10/10. No other games like FM out there.Requires love for the sport."
,Not Recommended,482730,31373405,Posted: 26 April,all,serega,"I am fm fan and I like this game, but I dont like how it changes over time. I buy same♥♥♥♥♥♥every year and receive almost similar game experience. Please improve more things next year guys."
76561198308152775,Not Recommended,482730,30782424,Posted: 27 March,all,michaellazenbywfae,"Been a huge fan of FM for many years. However this game just baffles me... Having read some negative comments recently, unfortunately I have to side with them. I understand you have to be patient for your tactics to gel, and in every team I have. But surely when you keep having 30-40 shots a game compared to the oppositions 5-10 I should be winning or at least drawing games... But nope, you come up against mid level/lower teams who have hardly scored (Average less than a goal a game) then you lose 0-3, 0-2, 1-3, or the last minute 0-1 because of a mistake by your defender usually...I've alternated with different tactics, all with the familiarity high same thing keeps happening. Then you play the so called bigger teams and I always seem to well against them. Unfortunately FM this is the last time I will be purchasing this franchise game. It's just not consistent."
76561198066879061,Not Recommended,482730,30784400,Posted: 27 March,all,kennethandersen1408,"This game is really bad. I used to have fun with these games, but now its completely random what happens. Way to many games has my team collaps and concede 3 goals in 5 minutes around the 70 minute mark. I could accept that if opposing teams didnt ALWAYS score on at least 50 % of their chances and my team needs a minimum of 15 shots on target to score one goal."
,Not Recommended,482730,31304749,Posted: 22 April,all,BRONXSBURNING,The game has not even worked for me for well over a month and the support team is abysmal. Don't waste you're money on this broken game!
,Not Recommended,482730,30782244,Posted: 27 March,all,ACOGshot,"I've bought and played CM/FM since Championship Manager 2 and this is the first year where I can honestly say I haven't enjoyed the game.I find the tactic system this year to be far too forced. If I want to play leaving the majority of my tactics up to my *cough* world class *cough* assistant manager, I'll be lucky to see out the season before I get sacked. If I dive into the tactics and give it my all, even using the tactics posted on the workshop which claim to be amazing, I still lose games I really shouldn't.Also, I know the amount of money in football is becoming ludicrous these days but to even talk to a player in FM I have to triple or even quadruple their value, and good luck getting hold of cheap youngsters; if you are a big club they expect big money, sometimes £10-20m for players that aren't even good enough to be in the first team at lesser clubs, ridiculous.I'm at a loose-end. If you look at my played times for the last few years FM games, you'll see 1000+, 2000+ hours, but I just can't stomach it this year. I can only hope that SI have seen just how negative the reviews have been this year and get on and fix the game for next year.I want to be able to play my deeply immersive football management sim again without having to be a professional tactician."
76561198394697357,Recommended,482730,33705872,Posted: 21 July,all,Lancia,Its very good and enjoyable when you are chelsea have 40 shots but lose to york 1-0 who have 1 shot
,Recommended,482730,33178431,Posted: 3 July,all,OM_Valdimeister™,I love this game
76561197989912774,Not Recommended,482730,26522964,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Codename Geordie,Crock of♥♥♥♥♥♥game.... AI always score long range shots while my player struggle to hit a cows♥♥♥♥♥♥with a banjo at 0 paces
76561198038731382,Not Recommended,482730,30501392,Posted: 13 March,all,Krankov,"First review i ever wrote. This is more of a complaint or disconcerning fact. I decided to enroll as a manager for Chelsea, had a great season up until the 6th round of the FA-cup. As usual i saved my game before i started up the match vs. a Luton in quite a form. I went through the motions, did what adjustments I had done and had success with throughout the season, end result 0-7 to Luton. I thought to meself ""okelidoki.. let's try this again with the same line-up."" 2-8 to Luton. I ran that match 13 times with different line-ups and tactics, losing 11 and drawing 2 of those 13 matches. biggest loss was at a whopping 3-12. So i contacted the developers about this, and they reassured me that everything was in order that one of the world leading major teams could lose to a Skybet league 2 team 13 times in a row and bla. bla .bla. since i do not condone idiocy, i uninstalled this game of random outcome and i shall never again return to this outlet of my frustration, and neither should you. Spare yourself, be at peace knowing that in a righteouss and realistic world, Luton would never hammer an in form Chelsea, and those who dare to venture such an opinion... there's really nothing to be said about that.P.S read an article covering the developers of the FM franchise, 3% watches football regularly... could explain the absolutely unprecedentet incompetence of the creators this game mirrors. Wouldn't trust them to have the know-how of how to apply a condom, not to mention develop a game."
76561198061019658,Recommended,482730,32319037,Posted: 10 June,all,Optic Faze Poutine,"Tried buying a player that was worth 700k, team asked for 88 million. 10/10 would bankrupt myself again."
,Recommended,482730,27789689,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nikola Tesla,"FM 2016 with squad updates.Doesn't matter. Football Manager is not just a game, it's a lifestyle."
76561198126566016,Not Recommended,482730,29004652,Posted: 4 January,all,colesy,"well, when i first bought this game i was expecting something amazing but when u play u get injures every week the matches are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t u lose easy games, and the game makes me get angry."
76561198007694615,Not Recommended,482730,28363822,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,mrjelly,"the last football manager i purchased was 2012 which was pretty decent, clocked up countless hours and managed to get past 2060 a couple of times.  this game however i cant even get to december 2016 without getting sacked.  ive tried about 5 times managing blackpool all with complete failure.  i managed to get promoted one season with a bit of saving to get past the playoffs but after a couple of months i was dragged into the dropzone.  i got called into the boardroom where i was told i had to win the next game to keep my job; it was a cup game which i won on penalties and yet still got sacked.  very annoying.and now to top it off, im for some reason having to reinstall fm17 again.  i like a challenge but come on."
76561197991779191,Not Recommended,482730,29071385,Posted: 6 January,all,halexb,Its♥♥♥♥♥♥♥this year also. what a cheating bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥SI have become - so far removed from CM and the earliest FM editions. All the fun has been removed- playing the game is like watching paint dry - stuffed full of all sorts of useless information and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ SI should take a 2-3 year break like the old versions used to do - this game is going nowhere. It's basically just hit and hope and no fun - it seem like everything in this game is just chaos - nothing you do seem to work.I have better things to do than playing this crap.
,Not Recommended,482730,26843072,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SonnyBillWilliams.,"Uptaded version of FM 10,11,12,13,14,15.16. Nothing changes but the price. Any player that plays FM can see thousands of problems in this game but the developer company still keeps the same♥♥♥♥♥♥ Budget of this game is over million dollars therefore I think that you should be able to have at least real logos of teams and photos of every player on the game. As a manager you should have also a social life on the game or at least you should be able to buy some♥♥♥♥♥♥with your money. In low leagues like Norway, Serbia, Greece or Crotia wonderkids must be low-priced. Just check the real life, there are many players who get sold less than 5M Euro. Anyway this is FM so we ll keep buying Jackson, so you ll change nothing as old."
,Not Recommended,482730,27079357,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,It's Not Love,"Once I was really into the FM series but the lack of innovation of the game slowly kills my interest, sadly."
76561197963790870,Not Recommended,482730,27375819,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[Lam]pard31,"Not recommended, once you start and having your thumb smashing the Spacebar, you are winning titles after titles. Your wife and kids left you and when you finally saved your game and exited, you realised your kids are married with kids."
76561198085040890,Not Recommended,482730,27378460,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,lucaslim,"This is the first time i buy Football manager game since 2013. I can see the major difference between these 2 version, but still beside the updated players database which for me to play the new one, i would rather ask for refund for this.The most severe issue is your match tactic doesn't making any sense. You are 0-2 down at the first half against a weaker team, much weaker team, and the shoot chance is about 10-2. You make changes in the changing room, whole team speed up, put more player to attacking, remove defensive midfielder and replace with a strike. Final score still 0-2, shoot chance is 11-2, one long shoot added in the second half. Wow! Brilliant.I played against Man City in FA cup quarter final, Man city put out several teenager in first starting line up which i never remember their names. I am leading the Premier league with massive advantage, and i field almost full first team in this match. I lose the game with 1-3, which Iheanacho scored an hat-trick, which currently lacking match fitness, only played 4 games with 20 games available. Nevermind, i want to do experiement that how many times i am gonna repeat the game until i win the game, i save and reload. The second time i win 4-0, which limit them with 1 shoot only. I changed nothing about the tactic, player and teamtalk. So conclusion, it's freaking random. RANDOM. And you are powerless to change that!"
,Not Recommended,482730,27714959,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Deja Vu,"like reviewed for FM2016, the game hasn't improved since many years ago, all that changed was probably just the database, which can be accessed in the community. It is slowly becoming FIFA and PES, just nothing new every year"
76561198096274339,Not Recommended,482730,27715548,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LynseyLeigh,58 shots - 39 on target - hit woodwork!! hit woodwork!!! oh ye......hit the woodwork!! Opponent = 9 shots 3 on target and wins 3-0. Worst FM to date! Barely any additions. Sucks! That was Man Utd at Home Vs Eastleigh. Just thought i'd say! Which says it all! No offence Eastleigh fans!
76561198135512282,Not Recommended,482730,27768217,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Big NO. 1,worst ever
76561198003942562,Not Recommended,482730,27274043,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,remagade1986,"I will always recommend FM as it is a very addictive game... but not this one. The main issues I am currently experiencing is the inconsistencies between your teams crossing and the AI teams. When you cross (if your team decides to do so), it gets defended, saved, cleared etc. When they cross, your team seems to just stop, it manages to drop perfectly in between both centre backs who have actually sandwiched the striker. He scores.. and again. It seems like every cross or shot my team faces, they score. Might as well have sticks and gloves in goal rather than Lloris. My team are slow to make any decision and gets tackled. The AI can do anything they want. Consistent 6.5 and below match ratings. Hardly even draw. I have won just as many as I have lost. S.I NEED to patch the crossing and non existent goalkeepers. Beyond a joke. I may get used to it or I might go back to FM16. We shall see."
76561198124589952,Not Recommended,482730,28339334,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,kellyloveschris2011,it will not load up what a waste off money
,Recommended,482730,27622044,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Zsinj,"This is the best version of Football Manager that has been released, and doesn't deserve it's current negative rating from a bunch of angry Chinese gamers."
,Recommended,482730,26949774,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DuckMoriarty,Arguably the best FM game since FM'08.
76561198376597222,Not Recommended,482730,33468681,Posted: 11 July,all,danwheeler95,"It has it's appeal, with the in-depth football world but as early as a week into playing it regularly I noticed that if you succeed too much too quickly the game will suddenly decide that enough success is enough and your team will lose every other game and draw most others. Meaning we're left with an extremely unrealistic game despite all its attempts to be realistic by essentially making teams that weren't just playing well, but had improved in terms of players' abilities basically forget how to play football. Silly really, ruins what could be a great game if it wasn't for these broken mechanics that I suppose are intended to act in the way ""elastic banding"" does in car racing games."
,Not Recommended,482730,33448520,Posted: 10 July,all,Zack,"Well done, Miles Jacobson"
,Not Recommended,482730,30897155,Posted: 2 April,all,Fabula,"It isn't bad game, but it's same game that last 5 years ago."
76561198343963575,Not Recommended,482730,28132986,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,(Insert Name Here),"I knew there was a problem when i saw most of the reviews of this game were negative but i never thought it was really as horrendous and simply dumbfounding with the level of garbage i have had to shove down my throut playing this gameim going to be brief on my points herethe match engine is not fixedrandom events in-game are as bad as ever or maybe even worsegoalkeepers still garbageMedia still recycles the exact same conversations from fm fourteenPlayers are still as pissy as evermix all these components together and add the price and you are left with the piece of rubbish that is this gameI would not recommend this game to my worst enemy who slept with my wife and stole all my money from my bank account. this is a formal warning to the lot of you out there looking for a good manager simulation game dont get this onei recommend you get fm14 and update rosters there and play. unless you are a masocist and you are relly into the mental torture that is playing this gamefrom where i stand i have been robbed by people i once loved and cerished, i will never make that mistake again in my lifeAND SI FIX THIS GAME, I HOPE YOU ARE WORKING ON A PATCH AND IF YOU ARENT, IM AFRAID TO TELL YOU BASED ON THE AMOUNT OF NEGATIVE REVIEWS HERE YOU ARE GOING TO LOSE A LOT OF LOYAL CUSTOMERS IN THE FUTURE. I AM ONE OF THEM. i will not buy another fm game until i am one hundred percent sure im getting my moneys worth.As for right now im retiring and playing fm14 a game that had  a logical engine and wasnt obsessed with flimsy often disgusting plsyer animations that offer little to the functionalty of this gameand for all those that disagree i am challenging all of you to actually pick a poor team and use them, not for a day but for64 hours and tell me what your mental state is at after your done , NOT MANU, NOT CHELSEA, NOT BENFICA, NOT PORTO, NOT BAYERN, NOT REAL AND MOST DEFINETELY NOT BARCELONApick sconthorpe and win the prem that is my challenge. as for me i am done racking my mind around this video game and actually doing to get some goodnight sleepUPDATESo after update 17.3 i am happy to report that football manager have finally found a way to mess this game up even more. I am m literally sitting here trying to comprehend why a team as woefulas blackburn rovers are challenging for the premier league after only getting promoted the season before. As well as the fact that ARSENAL ""BOTTLEJOB "" FC have found a way to win the league 3 TIMES UNDER AN 83 YEAR OLD ARSENE WENGER. An you brainless eggs have found a way to make a worse match engine than before, litterally simple exploits like playi ng 5 at ther back wiht IWB wins you titles. I an appauld and disgusted by the management of this once fantastic video games. I really dont know if the people at SI really just want to destroy their own brand if they are,  they are doing a great job at it. As I tried once more to get immersed in this game but simply got turned of by useless refreeing. Most times penalties called against me are from a simple header in the box. I dont know what cyborg referee can analyse this sort of thing over 8 times i n a season and legitemately make such calls. All in all the game still has many problems that needs to be fixed. If you will excuse me i will now go an purchase another ""amazing"" game known as Mass Effect: Andromeda i have heard such great things about it."
,Not Recommended,482730,27665856,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,stu mac,Horrible buggy mess. Somehow even worse than FM 2016 was at release.
76561198008325156,Recommended,482730,34278256,Posted: 16 August,all,Mike,"I used to be adicted to this series, from Championship Manager days, but got a busier in older years and ceased playing. Bought this when on offer to see how things had changed. Lots to learn, but have enjoyed playing again. Am now at risk of losing hours/days to it again. Will resist as much as i can but could secum to 2018 instead!"
76561197965148181,Not Recommended,482730,29130502,Posted: 8 January,all,Efir,"Ive never played a more frustrating game. Every single game, i have 15 to 20 shots on target, the other team has 4 or 5 and  I end up losing. Now I know what people are thinking, get a new striker. But it makes no difference what strikers I use. It makes no difference what tactical changes I make. Ive just played a game where ive had 13 shots on goal and not scored any, my opposition had three shots on goal, all on target and theyve all gone in.Its not just an isolated incident, it happens every single game I play. I am convicned the AI teams are  weighted against a human player.It would also help if the devs actually understood the offside rule. So many times ive seen players (on both sides) that were inline with the last defender or even massively onside, be ruled offside."
,Not Recommended,482730,30588295,Posted: 18 March,all,Colorum,"So I am on a 1.5 year old MacBook Pro Retina and I tried installing this POS game a few times already. For some reason, it runs either too small, too large, keeps crashing, etc., and I have to force quit it all the time. I tried it once. Asked for a refund. Read up and thought to myself ""Well, I think I understand what I did wrong the first time..."" Gave it another shot and now it's one terrible issue with the UI after another.What a terrible release."
76561198048104896,Not Recommended,482730,31287450,Posted: 21 April,all,jakupdahlwardum,"I will recommend this game, when the developers develop the game, to make it a lot more realistic. It is just way too weird to see your team game after game several times a season have 20+ shots at goal, and the opponent having 1 or 2 shots, and lose by 1 goal. This does not happen that often. Hardly ever.And to tell your players not to shoot from long range, and still bagging 10-15 shots from outside the box every single game, even though you've done everything (slowed down, worked ball into box, retain posession, etc.) to tell the team and individuals NOT TO SHOOT THE F'ING BALL FROM LONG RANGE, they still do it time and time again. Even with players that have high teamwork amongst other preferable skills (decision, etc.) Not much management to be done there, is it?No, make it much much more realistic, and I'll recommend the game again."
76561198004008089,Not Recommended,482730,30814878,Posted: 29 March,all,Kronos,please oh please oh please just look at all the negative reviews from your loyal fans and just make changes for the better. I love the game but its just getting worse guys.
76561198051151803,Not Recommended,482730,29183752,Posted: 11 January,all,negrutalex,I bought this one after I played all the series from FM 2005 to FM 2015. Took a break with FM 2016 and now I got 2017.I played over 170 hrs and I am quite sure that if nothing major comes through I will not continue to play the series.All in all here are some of my thoughts.Some bugs are there even 17.2.0.SI comunication with the comunity is poor.They los a lot of licenses and that affects the feeling you while playing. I know you can get club badges and names from comunity but still is annoying.Sometime it gets frustrating with all the injuriesSome teams and players are overrated and I talk about small leagues especially.
76561198111332012,Not Recommended,482730,30864496,Posted: 31 March,all,kandersson,Quite similar to 16. Hopefully big changes will come with 18.not recommended.
76561198308490890,Not Recommended,482730,33439158,Posted: 10 July,all,gould20,Injuries. Getting fm'd. Injuries. A real dissapointment.
,Not Recommended,482730,33237095,Posted: 4 July,all,Jaqen H'ghar,"I am getting sick to death of this scripting ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t of a game. It has happened 4 times to me in my 10 hours of playing, I can be cruising winning 4-0 then all of a sudden my team goes walkabouts and the oppenent can go and pull 5 back and get the win? I am battling relegation with a solid team. Awful."
76561198034921447,Not Recommended,482730,29973771,Posted: 16 February,all,ZIZO,"I believe that the match engine/experience itself hasn't progressed as needed considering all the bells and whistles that have been added in the last 3 or 4 years.The lack of feedback on what's going on in the match is becoming a serious issue hampering aspiring managers in the game.I shouldn't need to watch a full match of repetitive scripted animations that has no resemblance to real football whatsoever to try to spot a gap in midfield, A player tackling too hard or a full back moving two steps forward than needed. Especially when you give us an ME that's a crossing fest like last year.Here is a list of concerns:- Ratings:I remember on the good old days if I had all my team on 8's and two players on 6 then they are not performing and probably this is the cause of my worries.Now it seems that if all your players are on 7's and you are 3-0 down its fine because and I quote one of the deluded mods on SI forums :""Player ratings are an indicator of how your players are performing up to that point.. not any kind of indicator on the match or the opposition as a whole,Just because your players have ok ratings, doesn't mean they are doing what they need to be doing to win.""- Player performance/Body language:Again it has no clear meaning and is detached from the match engine completely. Even SI can't provide an actual explanation on how it works just like team talks. Does anyone actually use it?For example how can everyone be playing okay when we are 2 or 3 nil down? ....Or a scenario where all the goals come through our right back and it says the left back is having a bad game and ignores the actual cause.... Unless the ME is not consistent with the other features and is very limited in what it shows us.- As for the ME itself, I'll ignore the 3D animations because I don't think it's that important how it looks as long as it plays right.I remember playing 2D on FM 2008 and being able to differentiate between a pacey skillful player or a player with vision. Now it's just a player running in a straight line then crossing or a silly scramble where everyone stands like a scarecrow.The commentary at that time gave us hints about how the game is going. In 2016 the commentary is the same if not worse considering the limitations they had in the past.By 2017 I'd expect to see one twos, triangles, proper sweeper adaptation and maybe some more physicality. I expect the commentary to talk about a lot lot more.It's frustrating when you spend 2 hours tuning your tactics and going through all these fancy positions and roles and shapes to end up with 3 identical crossed goals, A bad backpass or a player with a longshot stat of 2 scoring 3 screamers for the first time in their career.The new features are an absolute joke, Instead of enhancing team talks, press conferences and giving us a stadium creator with a kit designer and sponsor choices, We end up with a face generator and a twitter gimmick that adds nothing to the game and is better implemented in iPad games.Of course on their official forums, You get some nazi level of modding that prevents anyone from expressing any concern, And a number of users that act like hunting dogs for their masters going around insulting the intelligence of everyone. FM 15 had games ending 7-4 5-3 and it was never addressed. FM 16 had crossed goals domingating the game with fullbacks winning player of the year awards constantly and this year it’s just a patch that fixese these two issues!!"
,Not Recommended,482730,29992695,Posted: 17 February,all,rohit.tatineni,same as 2016
76561198335106820,Not Recommended,482730,29383509,Posted: 20 January,all,Ted,"♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game closes down after one of my biggest wins of the season, disgraceful game cant believe i wasted my ♥♥♥♥ing money and this utter♥♥♥♥♥♥lmao im done"
76561198282058572,Recommended,482730,33883142,Posted: 29 July,all,mandar_pf,"I have been a huge fan of FM since I started playing it a couple of years back. FM2017 is great and frustrating in equal maesure. The depth to the game is fantastic, graphics are improved and it has great replay value.The frustrating aspects of this game will make you want to tear your hair out.- Your goalkeepers can be great and completely incompetent in a single game.- Your strikers are also extremely flaky, missing absolute sitters from a yard in front of the goal, hitting the goalkeeper when one-on-one with him while there is ample space to put the ball into the net .... at other times, the same stikers are almost god-like, scoring with almost every shot.- Sports scientists, data analysts and other support staff have been added into the game but what exactly is their function and what their important attributes are has not been dealt with.- Matches can be very frustrating with your side creating several clear cut chances but your incompetent striker (with good attributes) keeps on missing even the most basic of chances while the opposition scores with their only shot on target.Inspite of all this, FM 2017 can be very addictive. The joy of taking an amateur club from the lower divisions, getting them promoted, winning the league and then the champions league after years of hard work cannot be matched by any other game. The joy in finding great free agents and wonderkids from distant parts of the planet and seeing them develop at the club is one of the best aspects of this game. The moment that your youth academy, was non-existent a few years ago, produces its first wonderkid is a feeling of great pride.I would definitely recommend this game but be prepared for a lot of frustrating hours spent screaming at your goalkeeper or strikers ...."
,Recommended,482730,34396151,Posted: 21 August,all,Sean,"First FM purchase since 2014.  What can i say, tricky to start with but once you find your feet get used to the new mechanics its is fun! One thing that pisses me off, injuries. Every time, on a run.....nope all your strikers are injured, absolute jokes. Lol. Recommended."
76561198312889971,Recommended,482730,34479031,Posted: 25 August,all,lelo111111,"Good game... but not much has changed since previous versions of the game (FM2015, FM2016).This should not have been a full game, but an update or DLC for previous games.Full price in simply too much for the game... wait for it on sales."
76561198074074961,Not Recommended,482730,27002201,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,imRICE,"Still the same game likes 16, 15 ..."
,Recommended,482730,27695627,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Bagpuss,"Great game, at times you will want to launch your mouse at the wall and take a sledghammer to your computer. But all this is worth it when you finally reach success. It is so satisfying because it is so difficult and infuriating, and I wouldn't have it any other way.10/10 IGN"
76561198015188308,Not Recommended,482730,28367167,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Lasko,In Serie A players get disqualified after 2 yellow cards. This makes the game unplayable and nothing has been done since launch to address this issue.
76561198326938296,Not Recommended,482730,29060381,Posted: 6 January,all,longshot976,This is FM16 with more bugs...
76561198039186597,Not Recommended,482730,26677470,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Dice,"The same game as fm16 but they have managed to break a load of things such as keepers who just fall on the floor letting simple goals in, throwings which just go right to the other team and long range goals which are called offside by anyone in 10 miles of the goal. Dont buy this game unless you want your keyboard thrown about."
76561198028316198,Recommended,482730,27732778,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Maxfire5,"There has been quite a bit of negative reviews assocaited with this game. Everyone is entitled to their opinion. That is great.For my opinion, I'd say this is the best game in recent years. However, I will say there are nuances that are annoying.The match engine itself has had a massive upgrade and it's noticeable. However, with that massive upgrade, it created issues in the 3D match engine. They significantly tried to reduce the OP part of crossing from fullbacks/wingbacks generating 20-30 assists a season in FM16. To do this, they've changed the way wingbacks/fullbacks operate.Wingbacks/fullbacks hold the ball way to long before crossing so nearly all crosses are blocked or honestly just poor crosses. The play looks choppy/unintelligent when the wingback/fullback is yards past the defender, but then holds the ball for 2-3 seconds and allows the defender to catch up so he can block the cross.Goalkeepers are....interesting at the best of times, and just laughable at the worst of times. There's also still the weird issue (I'd say bug) where the opposition will score their 1st shot on goal on approximately 60% of the attempts. It won't be a clear cut or half chance, it'll just be a weird shot that goes in. It is what it is.Also, it's much more difficult to use a plug and play tactic. That plug and play tactic will generally be successful for you I'm sure. But if you're truly looking for an unbeaten season without reloading, minor changes will occur during the season as the opposition will learn/adapt to your style, as well as in game, quirky things happen. This is similar to real life. At any time, some team can beat another team. It happens.People also complain about injuries. Yes they are an issue; but I suggest you look at your the teams in the league you watch and see how many teams have 2-5 players injured at any given time, for small 5-15 day injuries plus the long term injuries too. Injuries are in part, down to your tactic, your training intensity, lack of rotation etc.Another thing that loses it's useful/entertaining aspect of it, is the social media addition. It's great for 3-4 games. Then it's very repetitive and worthless.All in all, the game is overly positive, I just wanted to lay out a few negative issues so that people are aware of them, and they know what to expect going in. I'd recommend the game."
,Recommended,482730,32675465,Posted: 23 June,all,HenD,Sunderland got relegated - 10 out of 10 realism.
76561198314514892,Not Recommended,482730,33222815,Posted: 4 July,all,Ttggfr,"The database for Hong Kong is absolute shambles , the person who is in charge (Frank Ng) must be sacked asap for making major mistakes such as nationality and such. He actually have the guts to in put Ghana as the main nationality for a centre back (Fetsus) who is a key centre back for Hong Kong National team , I heard he is from Hong Kong as well so shame on him on making some major mistakes like that"
,Not Recommended,482730,26671964,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,UltimaAzza,"Barely touched since FM 2015 in terms of updates.They've added a Social Media feed which is unbelievably repetative about your MoTM every week if you win.Don't expect to have a full fit squad, ever, no matter how good your fitness coaches are or how good your medical team is, tha max you'll have your starting 11 you want is 2 games, 7 injuries to my first team on light training at beginning of one season, 5 injuries to the first team at the beginning of the next season are examples of the joke fitness system they've rigged about with,Players become unhappy randomly! A Backup player will kick off at the age of 34 for not playing games, you'll agree to sell him and the rest of the squad will become unhappy, and that'll leave you being unable to score goals and conceeding for days even though you have 2 top class strikers with service every game and the best defence in the leaue prior the conversation.Not worth £19.99 this year never mind £34.99."
76561198138056286,Not Recommended,482730,28356618,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,CODEINATED LUMPKIN,"Pfffff the game is about the same♥♥♥♥♥♥as last year except the match engine is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥poor pigshit..Basically♥♥♥♥♥♥like:players getting constant red cards , ♥♥♥♥ing plaques of injuries (for example luis gustavo just came back from his red card suspention got sent off after 20 mins or something.♥♥♥♥♥♥ engine that was reworked to nerf inside forward now you cant get inside forwards like yarmolenko , draxler etc to perform consistently..Theres often ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ happens in the matter of : your goalkeeper kicks kicks the ball at a opposition and they score..Happens quite often.Repetitive boring teamtalks .. Unconsistency and RANDOMNESS in the match engine..But a consistent theme of SAME EXACT goals going in against you mainly wingbacks peeling off and crossing on ANY TACTIC including top forum tactics (before you start saying♥♥♥♥♥♥like of your tactic is poor) no SAME♥♥♥♥♥♥with top forum tactics btw if you carefully read then there arent actually too many working formations atm and any kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥you try is unconsistent ..the only thing that has any kind of consistency at all is if you play CANCER NARROW 4-3-1-2 or some kind of 5-3-2 wingback formation without wingers and even that tends to be sketchy and concedes rediculous but repetitive goals..read reviews and see...I played fm since 2006 the game is more cancer than ever ..Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥dont buy!I TRIED VARIUS FORUM TACTICS AND SYSTEM AND CURRENTLY I UNINSTALLED THE GAME DUE TO SHITNESS OF MATCH ENGINE"
76561198032429491,Not Recommended,482730,30107165,Posted: 22 February,all,andrijavukovic,"Yet another ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t team talk guessing arcade from a bounch of nonfootball playing developers and programers. Very bad playabiliti, apsolutly no football logic, a childs game, not a football simulation. Very, very bad game. And to expensive."
76561198036004360,Recommended,482730,27688266,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Loremaster Yn'Taris,"As a new member of the FM community, I personally don't see what all of the negative reviews are about. It may not be terribly different from FM 2016, but the level of vitrol over that seems... excessive. Personally, I find consistency to be rather positive in a long-running series such as this. And while sometimes wonky things can happen with the match results (22 shots on target, 75% possession, lose 3-1), screaming angrily at the players usually fixes that particular problem, I've found.Also, I put 100 hours into this game within three or four weeks. I never do that. Ever."
,Not Recommended,482730,29686695,Posted: 3 February,all,elog9320,Totally not recommend
76561198349106639,Not Recommended,482730,28931040,Posted: 1 January,all,ozwaleed,really disgusted game played well until last update on my mac.  now cant play any more keeps crashing and freezing my macbook
,Not Recommended,482730,31110685,Posted: 12 April,all,pyloric_sphincter,just a ridiculous game making me wont purchase anymore in the future.
76561198309084676,Not Recommended,482730,26744055,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,kelvinchin1993,"Only one thing i can say about fm 17,better attacking ai,worse defense and keeper ai"
76561198086500063,Not Recommended,482730,35159339,Posted: 23 September,all,DonSau19,Garbage!!!!!
,Not Recommended,482730,26735108,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Rob1005,"This is the first time I've thought that the new FM game wasnt worth it and I've played a hell of a lot of the previous years. This one is like a bad patch for FM16. Don't waste your money, get FM16 with an up to date database update mod instead."
76561198002607918,Not Recommended,482730,26563291,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,peteski,"Ive been playing FM since 05. Seriously, the game was getting better up to FM15. It then became so repetitive. FM17 IS THE SAME THING... Game engine is so unrealistic! I am Man U great team. How do you lose 8-2 to West Ham, beat Swansea 4-0 (ok), lose 5-0 to Bouremouth??? What happened SI. Im out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Fix the game asap or else you will lose your fan base not to mention the cost of the game and no real change to prior years. Lazy SI really lazy. Where is the loyalty? EXTREAMLY DISSAPOINTING...."
76561198021338307,Not Recommended,482730,32298137,Posted: 9 June,all,[SFL]keelan,easily the worst FM in years!!
76561198079742508,Not Recommended,482730,33346473,Posted: 7 July,all,Joe658,The game has gone down hill. So unrealistic and difficult. The makers of this game think every tom♥♥♥♥♥♥and harry playing the game have the tactical knowledge of Alex Ferguson. Just not enjoyable anymore. RIP
76561198166821034,Recommended,482730,34272630,Posted: 16 August,all,wearerockstar,Yes its monoton and boring ... but what do you expect... it managerial game... and i dont know any games in this category can match this franchise...
76561198340716039,Not Recommended,482730,30361460,Posted: 6 March,all,121808655,"I am not sure that what does mean by a promise from a top game and a top manager, you promised that it will be an language preference for Chinese at last years, however, half year have past, nothing seems to be happened . This is the attitude you show to us, it seems to be the football manager company does not listen any requests from Chinese player. Does it mean because we are Chinese and you give us this Customer service ?  Is it a discrimination ?   Until you give an apologize and fix the problem, we will appeal the Chinese player not buy any games from your company anymore ."
76561198271778191,Recommended,482730,31722357,Posted: 13 May,all,TheFamousDeano,Class game pushing 1000hrs again so much fun!
76561198066608964,Not Recommended,482730,32247536,Posted: 7 June,all,BECAUSE I'M BATMAN,Pretty much the worst one ever to come out just a roll of the dice if u win or not please do not buy and waste your hard earned money.
76561198004305176,Not Recommended,482730,26495248,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,DJ88,"I wish I could write a review about the pros and cons of the Gameplay, or give my thoughts on the new interface etc. However I can't, because THE GAME DOESN'T EVEN FRIGGIN LOAD. Also, don't be thinking that the support guys on the forum will be able to help with this fundamental issue - after a couple of weeks of basically being told to turn it off and on again, I think I'm going to have to write this game off as something I'll not be able to play. So yea, if I were you, I'd give this one a miss I reckon."
76561198048740278,Not Recommended,482730,29831297,Posted: 10 February,all,jam358rown,Im just getting bored of yyou now FM :(
,Not Recommended,482730,28623313,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Roach,"The f*** with this game. I played 4 competitives matches,  3 long shot goals disallowed due to a player standing in an offiside position. I thought no offside given as long as the offside guy didnt touch the ball. ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥caused me the games.Edit: ♥♥♥♥king kidding me????? This game keep ♥♥♥♥ing crashes poauishfioasudghfoiasydgbfoiualbhscxvoiweghyfouisdbyouasdygfboipasdhugpadefrgawderg"
76561198002844834,Not Recommended,482730,26540838,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Atacan,"♥♥♥♥ this game i cant even win easy games everyone missing their shots from penalty line. Every freekick hits wall in this fuqen game.RVP playing like Daniel Guiza. Im playing mostly offensive and dominating games by position and shooting stats still losing my players playing like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥... also not much improvements since last game fm better release games cheaper if they just continue updating database like this i wont buy anymore this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.33 shoots in 2 games 18 on target 0 goals..like always a couple of them on 6 box yard but doesn't matter because their gk is playing like wakabayashi..after couple of daysSame thing again 66 shoots in 2 games 2 goals, rival 2 shoots total 1 goal against me so ridiculous dont play until it's patched."
76561198109909665,Not Recommended,482730,26555504,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Knifetower_FM,"As a player from China, I bought FM for 3 times. I wish for Chinese version a long time. It really hurts this time."
76561198271769132,Not Recommended,482730,34281672,Posted: 16 August,all,gelin,简体中文翻译很糟糕，没有诚意♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198050258944,Not Recommended,482730,26135993,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Glenn,"MehPretty much the same I last year but with fewer licences (Spain), Naming of Brazilian teams like FLE, BOT, SAN just seems amateurish.The default skin looks good, kind of like FM05.No new tactical options (no differnt types of pressing, different phases  and transitionsetc) this should be the main focus of the game but they are becoming a bit too simplistic.Im sure i'll end up playing at least 500 hours though."
76561198088932500,Recommended,482730,26600873,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Smile | V.Š.,"Most of the negative reviews are written by the die-hard fans of the series who moan about the slightest of inconsistencies and lack of new content.As a person who hasn't played Football Manager since FM08, I am having a great time with this game. The game has depth, UI is easy and pleasant to navigate, player interaction and behaviour is unpredictable but logical, matches themselves seem realistic and entertaining to watch and manage.One of those cases where you have to ignore the reviews and judge a product by yourself."
,Not Recommended,482730,26273229,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Macca Hull,"been playing since cm 3, had every football manager , but my opion is si are just getting greedy . its basically same game as last season with some minor updates. be nice for them to use there profit and buy fifa liecences . yes injury bug is doing my head in but that be fixed soon . still greta game but wish i just kept my old save now from fm 16 instead of wasting money for an update"
76561197984102800,Recommended,482730,27210028,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bubblz,"I've been playing this series since Championship Manager 01/02, and while it has gone leaps and bounds since then, the past few years have been pretty stagnant in terms of progress.Overall it's a good game, still plagued a bit by bugs that have been there for years, but never to the detriment of my personal enjoyment. (although the press releases and media interaction can get pretty wonky from time to time, aka male players being referred to as 'she', and so on)I clocked in a reasonable amount of time in last years game, just over 1740 hours, and it looks like this time won't be any different."
,Recommended,482730,27347897,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Marcus LFT,"10/10 this game is what you think of a football manager, it has the ability to make you s addicted to it that you become consious of time and whats around you"
76561198031153848,Not Recommended,482730,30487983,Posted: 13 March,all,Pajares,No Chinese Language Pack
76561198079680707,Not Recommended,482730,30784252,Posted: 27 March,all,iamzhuangzhe,"BECAUSE OF MILES, WHO BROKE HIS PROMISE, I CHOOSE TO GIVE NEGATIBE COMMENT. THIS IS JUST ABOUT INTEGRITY AND RESPECT."
76561198004476022,Not Recommended,482730,26526474,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,hotspurs1,not enjoying this years game to much going on last years game is alot better screen layout is a headache!
76561197960295369,Not Recommended,482730,26522366,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Thomcat,No atm i do not recommend it - (never thought i should write this).But ive never had an FM/CM game crash as often as this. It seems like they where in a hurry.
76561198065504113,Recommended,482730,26856192,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Psycho Sak,Every year it is getting better and better
,Recommended,482730,27346164,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,^5JR²,Magnificacant
76561198080591872,Recommended,482730,27035687,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,terenceccccc,Great game!
,Recommended,482730,27261326,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dragiat,"Each Year you hear ppl cry about the new FM,But again it is worth to buy it.The real players don't complaing, they love it and play it.New nice futures they have added at the game,(more info check the game patches/information about it)And yes its worth 2 buy, also very fun to play with some friends the made more options for that."
,Recommended,482730,28630277,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,J.K.Cheng,"没错，购买游戏后，我直接给了差评。请尊重中国玩家，既然你承诺推出中文语言，那么就请遵守你的承诺。我们会持续支持FM，但请你不要把我们的支持当做理所当然。Yes, after buying the game, I directly to the poor.Please respect Chinese players, since you promised to launch Chinese language, then please abide by your commitment.We will continue to support FM, but please don't take our support for granted."
76561197980076224,Recommended,482730,26790654,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,shoedoggydogg,"Another great addiction to the FM series, probably the best one for a few years because it includes a few new features which make the game worth buying, like an enhanced match day engine, social media inclusion, small tweaks and changes to contracts, loans etc, amongst other things.Very good overall and another game to sink many hours into.9/10"
,Recommended,482730,28015924,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Delbot | sleepy,"At a glance FM 17 doesn't appear to change much on the surface from FM 16 - but in truth the game changed in more ways than people think.First of all, back post crosses are no longer extremely OP, and you can actually use other tactics than exploit the back stick. But I feel like this has been replaced with screamers, and boy have I seen some screamers. Secondly all the improvements to the analytical part of the game, adding a passing diagram and a data analysist staff role helps you figure out what makes your tactic tick. No ZM or spielverlagerung level of detail yet, but I feel like that would make the game too easy. Also, the improved screen for your youth team games allows you to keep tabs on your squads of regen wunderkids from obscure countries.Overall, I feel like FM 17 is a step forward in the series, but still seems a little safe.Also, ignore the negative reviews that complain about no translation, SI added in a Community Translation feature so you can translate it into your language if it is not supported by the game natively."
,Recommended,482730,32293944,Posted: 9 June,all,dRagan,"I know that's just small different from the older version except the match engine. i think it still playable, buy it on sale don't buy for the full price"
,Not Recommended,482730,26580013,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Kaka.Xiqi,"The age of the Internet, must give the arrogant and complacent, a full! Even though CM3 has been on my hard drive for nearly 20 years.听说我的推荐被干掉了，但是我还是要再发一次，仅仅因为，如此不守信用，不重视中国区。这个差评，不仅给心爱的FM，还给世嘉。"
,Recommended,482730,27926605,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ibrahimovic,"Won the league with Tottenham, not realistic at all. Tons of fun anyway."
76561198051238843,Recommended,482730,32534563,Posted: 18 June,all,D₁,Superb game.
76561198032231134,Recommended,482730,32542279,Posted: 18 June,all,teej,excellent
76561198059524398,Recommended,482730,32474991,Posted: 16 June,all,AFCHenry,Best FM yet
,Recommended,482730,26903414,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,b_sletteng,"Been playing for a couple of seasons, and like the new interface. Easier access to important info, and easier to get things done.  Still not very improved graphics, but it's ok i guess."
76561198002649396,Recommended,482730,27707933,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,fac669,"why are you people moaning ive been playing since champ manager  game runs smoothly ,socal media good all the little updates is what happens to clubs every year   if u dont like it dont buy it"
,Recommended,482730,27088396,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Glen,"Probably the most in-depth version of the game yet, those who are complaining about injuries or red cards are obviously training wrong or have their players set to go around kicking people, these are easily solvable issues.The pre-order discount for owning the previous titles was a nice bonus.Can't recommend it enough, will easily plough another 300-400 hours into this version."
76561198047654104,Not Recommended,482730,32926565,Posted: 28 June,all,longmatthew,"I just have to say how terribly awful this version of the game is. Having played CM and then FM for 20 years, this is such a let down in terms of game play, format and realism. It realms of the verge of comedy, some of the situations that take place. Furthermore, I feel as though the makers have tried too hard to reinvent a great format and have just let themselves down with this sub standard game. It is such a shame that a fantastic legacy has been ruined and I will not be purchasing or playing FM again. I dont know how they went so wrong, was it a change in the team? They neglected the true spirit of the game and I have to say - shame on them."
76561198351012956,Recommended,482730,33197064,Posted: 3 July,all,Lemmywinks-Smythe,"Bought this a while ago but couldn't really get into it because it's depth, but it saw a resurgence in my interest when a friend of mine took Lincoln city to the championship under the managerial name of 'Gary Spunk'. To make things clear, this is the first football manager game that I have ever played and yet after a few games on a career mode with southampton I somehow feel like Claudio Ranieri must have felt after winning the premier league with Leicester; that being ecstatic at the fact that I have somehow acheived the impossible and dropping off in form and being sacked in the near future. Speaking of impossible, FM 2017 has an extremely steep learning curve for new players, meaning that other teams will punish you if you make a poor selection of players and tactics. But this is the reason that FM is great, because when you get it right you feel as if you really have acheived something."
76561198002244547,Recommended,482730,27689742,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,danwlufc,Still a few bugs to fix but brilliant game as always!!
76561198100675032,Recommended,482730,33041346,Posted: 30 June,all,Bangalin0,The best game! :)
,Recommended,482730,33022072,Posted: 29 June,all,chrissybhoy87,Got to say this is my very first simulated game and am amazed
76561198032322745,Not Recommended,482730,28238843,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,thefiftytwo,Would be great if I could do more communications with my players and more mind games with my opponents or their players. It is quite limted in this aspect.Yes if you haven't owned the previous FM. No if you already have FM 2016
76561198021013961,Not Recommended,482730,34451173,Posted: 23 August,all,Boromir: Captain of Gondor,"If you enjoy a game which cheats right before your eyes in order to force you to drop points then this is the game for you. Also its the same thing every f*cking year. The new engine is comprised of watching your team run right into motionles defenders, as you then watch Hull City go on to play like a mixture of 2002 Brazil and prime Barcelona, who then goes on to score an absolute worldy that will be replayed for years to come. Seriously save your money for either a really cheap sale or better yet don't waste your money."
,Recommended,482730,33476681,Posted: 12 July,all,✪ Lothan,"That's pretty cool game. I like it bc I like making weak teams(Barcelona, Pogoń) good."
,Not Recommended,482730,30585489,Posted: 18 March,all,GIGANTE,"Horrible, Brazilian teams have no name. Same thing as FM 2016"
76561198163117820,Not Recommended,482730,26980528,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,okkydnata,"This game so boring, big dissapointmentnever going to buy a game before reading reviews again, didnt do the same mistake"
76561198115279525,Not Recommended,482730,26685102,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,marjanliovic,Crashes
,Not Recommended,482730,34336817,Posted: 18 August,all,verosik ☮,"Baught the game... but i was hoping something like cm 03/04. This game is to difficult, i'm not a pro manager, i'm a gamer. I understand this is a almost real life simulator, but c'mon!!! It's to damn difficult, to much details in it that spoils the game. To much press conferences etc... to much. The real time editor is quite cool, but the rest... I can't even remove the ligue rules in the pre-game editor. I'm not gonna buy this game ever again unless if it's more like cm 03/04 [a masterpiece of a game!]. I just wanted some round circles going after a ball like in cm03/04, not full 3d generated players, stadium etc..Not gonna buy this game anymore, not gonna play it. And it's to expensive!!I'm going back to my old cm 03/04, best game ever!!! Take my advice, don't buy it!"
,Recommended,482730,27520244,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cruzira,The most complete FM to date10/10
,Recommended,482730,27530480,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,fozza_99,70 hours in... Just as good as all the fm ...... if you love footy its a must buy
,Recommended,482730,27495577,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Caesar de Geneva®,"IF YOU ARE NOT HAPPY DONT BUY IT, ♥♥♥♥ THE MOANERS. YOU CAN ♥♥♥♥ING MOAN TO YOUR COW.Football manager 2017 is the most near-complete football-managing simulator out there. The criticisms are really uncalled for, if you hate the franchise then go play something else.Gameplay: 7.5/10Graphics : 6.5/10Cheers."
76561198135345398,Not Recommended,482730,31549414,Posted: 4 May,all,martinleohardy,"The worst you could say about this game is that it's silly, predictable, and boring. After one season the game engine is so predictale you can pretty much see everything coming. Good time killer, but my low expectations have been met. Cheers!"
,Recommended,482730,33371600,Posted: 8 July,all,Pz,Great manager game. In this mode  It's better than fifa and pes.
,Recommended,482730,33337002,Posted: 7 July,all,Shirogane,"Aside from negative comments if you are looking for graphics or the ingame sim you might as well play fifa or pes because it its a pretty good improvement rather than fm2016 also the social feed makes the game more a bit realistic, also buy the InGame Editor and it will improve your judgement through this game 10x :)im also a big fan of both soccer and Football Manager Franchise and i can still say it is totally worthed to spent your bucks on this game and will sure be looking forward for FM18 :)"
,Not Recommended,482730,32938440,Posted: 28 June,all,MHRDK,New game every year just for an update transfer
,Not Recommended,482730,32755923,Posted: 24 June,all,wilson,"Haven't played a Football Manager since 2014. After buying and playing this, I think I'll just stick with '14.Game has too many performance issues and has become unplayable due to lag in menus. Have not even finished a full season with only 27% of the world scouted and the Scouting menu freezes up because apparently there are too many scout reports for it to handle...I'm using a medium sized database which was a 4 star performance rating based on my CPU, but the game is running so slowly. E-mail inbox lagging like crazy after half of a season. I've never had performance issues in any previous Football Manager. I don't have a wooden PC either.The actual game itself is great, but unfortuntely it is unplayable for me."
76561198343733284,Not Recommended,482730,26759440,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,有耳根的克洛普,"My payment for giving your ""戆卵"" CEO a feedback! I wont's rejiggering it again!"
76561198095684897,Recommended,482730,28166418,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Simon Lancaster [ANWF],"It is a great game despite its flaws.. I signed on as Anderlecht manager and had a real rollercoaster season. Going well in third place and then injuries hit and I had to use my reserve, reserve CB who had never played in the side before. I also decided to try to counter the defensive tactics of the AI (it started to use two defensive midfielders against me) with more direct football and I lose 4-0 away from home. My heaviest defeat. FC Brugge big derby is the next match. I don't set up my team in the right way and I am down 2-0 in 12 minutes. I sub a player and go on the attack. I score six goals and end up winning 6-2.. Watching all those goals fly past their keeper was very enjoyable. These kind of crazy games and situations come up all the time and they make you want to play the game more and more so you can get that new star defender in or start another striker that you have been warming up in the reserves.Yes, there is not much difference between this game and previous versions. However, it still packs a punch and is well worth buying despite the annoyances (not easy to defend, players getting unhappy all the time, numerous injuries, etc, etc). 8.5/10"
76561198030579553,Not Recommended,482730,26632853,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,r2c,Unfortunately I have to add a negative reccomendetion as the game crashes frequently when using 3d match engine (I am running it on an up to date machine).The game itself is a huge improvement since I last played it in 2014 but this crash is ruining the experience.Hope they fix it soon
76561198092070875,Not Recommended,482730,29419261,Posted: 22 January,all,ashley_anybits,"i dowloaded the game in december and the game crashes after the first season, how do i fix this ?"
,Recommended,482730,33674607,Posted: 20 July,all,@rr0w,"On target 20, 0 goalsOpposition On target 2, 2 goalsEvery Single TimeRecommended"
76561198374239565,Not Recommended,482730,32880976,Posted: 27 June,all,timmins.graham,"I'd love to say this is the best game ever...and if I could get to the point where it stops freezing on me I probably would. Very frustrating. I have followed all the advice provided on the discussion board and nothing seems to help. I don't have the time to spend hours trying to fix the problems. I just want a game that works...and I don't.Update. Managed to get the game working for a while by updating Windows 10, but now back to the same problem. Tech support has done its best to assist, but getting nowhere fast."
,Not Recommended,482730,34375971,Posted: 20 August,all,Matt,"So I triumphantly take Nottingham Forest back into the premier league, transfer window rolls around and I'm looking for some fresh foreign talent for the prem - nope turns out I got the hard brexit scenario and can hardly sign anyone outside of England.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198057781534,Not Recommended,482730,34318921,Posted: 17 August,all,Oy gevalt,♥♥♥♥ing game sucks♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,482730,27989501,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[нмd] coяяupt,"Been playing FM/ChampMan since CM 01/02 and this is the best in the series. Fixed the wingback/winger issues from FM16, no super tactics, easier squad management, nice graphics update -- all around top notch installment."
76561197999799342,Not Recommended,482730,29342679,Posted: 18 January,all,Dane,"Nothing new. The tactic system feels old and out-dated. It's not about being a brilliant tactic creator or outsmarting your opponents. It's about using the same 2-3 formations, that has been flavor for the past 5 or so versions of this game. And then just press next, next, next, buy a player, next, next, next, buy player and so on."
76561198076003065,Not Recommended,482730,29709185,Posted: 4 February,all,Vampire_D,"Just another typical football manager annual update, slightly better graphic, updated roster, little bit new features, come and go bugs & problems with each update. But if you enjoy this type of game and a hardcore football/soccer fans you will continue to purchase and play it.On the other hand the developer showed no respect to Chinese player so far. Really disappionted with the broken promises followed with lies. After played the game for 7 years and bought the game 5 years in the row on steam, I am really start to consider stop playing this series if I don't see any change."
,Recommended,482730,31010096,Posted: 7 April,all,老莫,"Being a man of your word is the ultimate showcase of your trustworthiness.Tho the language of Chinese seems weird in game, YOU GUYS DID!差评变好评。"
76561198065036336,Not Recommended,482730,32409749,Posted: 14 June,all,aeaeaa,The goalkeepers are absolutely horrific and unrealistic in this game.This does not represent goalkeeper actions in real life.
76561198004346183,Not Recommended,482730,26680026,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,miriamanddavid,Match engine is shockingly bad.
76561197962360476,Recommended,482730,31212379,Posted: 17 April,all,Guinness,I've only played for a few hours to rate the game.But it's much better than 2016.Much more tactical choices than having fullbacks with high cross to win every game.
76561198055512268,Recommended,482730,28000843,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mev™,"The usual ill jump on for just an hour, then before you know it its 3 hours later.Good edition again thanks."
,Recommended,482730,32319604,Posted: 10 June,all,butcherboi91,PROS+ Can micro-manage every aspect+ Detailed scout reports allowing you to tweak tactics accurately+ The unexpected can happen during a game+ Man Utd in 6thCONS- 3D game engine isn't perfect- Team talks and player interactions are basic/limited
76561198149303853,Not Recommended,482730,30121459,Posted: 23 February,all,Luke2122,"Until now, I believe that FM2017  have been sold far more than 20000. But the voice of a certain game producer really make every chinese player disappointed. This is not merely related to the chinese language pack, but the negative reaction and indifferent attitude from SEGA.  The official should be cautious about your words, if you cannot do, plz dont make any promise. We are not fools."
76561197995222296,Recommended,482730,30356254,Posted: 6 March,all,trygve76,"It's a good game, it always is. Nevertheless it feels like so much more could be done to enhance it. SI have no real competition, so these annual launches really feel like patches on last year's edition. I still play it to pieces every year and have done since the very first Championship Manager was launched in 1992 (imagine that, kids!).I'm hoping SI will look at developing the match day experience a bit more. I played and loved Cities:Skylines with its endless plethora of user-generated mods. Why not make the stadia moddable for FM 18? I am sure this would result in beatiful, immersive, player-generated replicas of existing grounds which would make it so much more enjoyable for me watching Lazio draw 1-1 at home against Frosinone and throw away the last Europa League place in the league, which happened just last weekend. Seriously though SI, get it done. It would cost you nothing and enhance the game so much."
,Recommended,482730,31032543,Posted: 8 April,all,dasherk,"This is by far, my favorite game. My favorite genre is strategy games, my favorite sport is football (soccer) and my favorite line of work is user experience design.For strategy and management simulation, this is 10/10.For interface and user experience design (graphics) this 11/10; in fact it's a reference in good dashboard design.For football (soccer) games, this a vertible encyclopedia of global football - both past and present.Of course, it's not without its flaws. It has occasional performance bugs despite running on high performance hardware. The match engine has a variety of glitches, both in graphical animation and in simulated outcomes... and occasionally the ai can do silly things. Some people have conspiracies that player choices or strategies don't work or are artificial. I don't agree, but from time to time it does feel like affecting outcomes is baffeling and obtuse - still, it can be done. I think the biggest problem, is that althoug the help system is well executed and innovative it is far from exhaustive or clear. For example, there are no explanations as to how different player instructions integrate with others. The different training options don't clearly outline exactly what the effect on the team will be, etc.Overall though, is is by far one of the best management sims in the world of gaming. It's by far one the best sports (especially in football/soccer) games in the world. And it's one of best examples of dashboard data-driven software design in the world.While I'm not fond if AAA game prices, this one is definitely worth it."
,Recommended,482730,31437297,Posted: 29 April,all,@wvrdy,"Football Manager a highly addictive game with a tendancy to annoy you beyond control.One of the best in recent years in my opinion this year you really do need to look into your squad with massive detail, one slight change in player position can completley through of a tactic and the same few tactics wont be succesful over a long period of time, leaving you to have to switch it up multiple times to be succesful over the course of a season.My only grit with this game is the lack in defensive tactics it doesnt seem to matter what tactic you run how good your defenders are you leak goals. I know some of you will be reading this screaming at me like an idiot but for me personally no matter what i do whether i play 5 at the back I LEAK GOALS. Even if i win the league im in ill still be in the top 5 goals conceded.Overall it is a good game when all things are well but you need more tools to help you fix things when things arent going as well."
,Recommended,482730,30208644,Posted: 26 February,all,MAFBA,"This game is great. However, as you progress through the game sometimes it gets repetitive and you might get boring.Currently in year 2027 and I don't feel the need to answer the press conference every time (why do they bother to put the tones in the conference in the first place)In my opinion, if you own the previous FM maybe you won't need this game since you might not see any improvement from FM2016. Only the update in transfer window which you might get in workshop or other websites. Wait for another 3-4 years then consider to buy this series again(If they still want to publish it every year)"
76561198032235444,Recommended,482730,30908159,Posted: 2 April,all,jsell500,"I've read other reviews about this game and having viewed a lot of the flack the game as got I felt obliged to weigh in.  I've bought every FM since I can remember and put A LOT of time into each version.  Yes the graphics in the match engine could be better, the press conferences are a drag and the new social media tab is repetitive, but overall the game is great.  It hasn't brought in hundreds of new additions from last year, but as the old adage goes 'if it ain't broke, don't fix it'.  It is still a wondrously in depth game that requires thought and attention rather than button mashing and luck.  I get the frustration with results when having 20+ shots yet losing 1-0, but this happens in real life not just FM.  I don't understand complaints about the game being just a database update when FIFA has barely changed a thing in 10 years yet charges £50 every year without fail for the same game with an updated database.  At least FM is only £35, with a far larger database, far more realistic and often available on offers during either sales or reduced as part of a loyalty deal.   In conclusion, if you want a more realistic experience then it's FM every time.  If you're happy watching David Alaba join Juventus for £30 million on deadline day (without fail) then play FIFA.  Both games have their place.  Personally I feel SI are doing a great job."
76561198069851538,Recommended,482730,30933300,Posted: 3 April,all,MaxiBoy,"Was winning the bundesliga with levekusen on goal difference with only on game to go. i get offered to hold a team meeting before the last game, but i decided not too. Then suddenly i noticed my moral dropped from Very good and Superb directly to Abysmal....so as any team with bad morale i lost the last game against a team fighting for relegation while Bayern win their game. Really frustrating please fix this....apart from this and the odd other bit i really enjoy your game. Ta"
,Recommended,482730,31046647,Posted: 9 April,all,AntiAnd,"Many ""managers"" doesn't like the new features like 3d matches and stuff. but i love everything about this game and the progress trough the years!"
76561198342665606,Not Recommended,482730,30845818,Posted: 30 March,all,宁波吴彦祖,boring game just wasting my time for 10 hours one day
76561198089631638,Not Recommended,482730,31426216,Posted: 28 April,all,jester1904,"Expensive database update, that has got gamebreaking bugs... The price goes up each year, nothing new gets added other than an update on player database and the game has got less and less quality bug wise. I've played since 99/00 only missed fm14... this is the last one"
76561197983966608,Recommended,482730,26621156,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Keith-Aindow,"More of the same.Took me a bit longer to get my head round the tactics than normal (thats a good thing), Match engine much improved.Ignore the negative comments, worth your time and money"
,Recommended,482730,27968624,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,blue_hazy_basic,"Not a massive update from 2016, but everything feels slightly improved, from the match engine, to tactics, to player interactions and dealing with agents. Have to say I've been hugely enjoying my time with it so far."
,Recommended,482730,28018520,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Romic ✔,Piece of garbage game that I can't help but recommend.
76561198018802971,Recommended,482730,33257367,Posted: 4 July,all,Hammy,Best game eva
,Not Recommended,482730,32283958,Posted: 8 June,all,DjHuntDX,"It works great on demo. but when I bought and play this full version it keeps showing ""FM stops working"". ffsedit: ok now it rarely happens. but I really need to save frequently or I'll lost progress due to crashes."
76561198051302814,Not Recommended,482730,26495260,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,russell_ball,"I've only played 4 league matches so far with Arsenal. Across 4 matches and in excess of 40 shots, I have 2 goals.Against Swansea I had 24 shots, 6 on target. No goals. Swansea had 1 shot, 1 on target 1 goal.I'm picking up loads of injuries as per usual.It's literally the same issues every year. I must be stupid to persevere, but I'm always stupid enough to think that this is the year they will fix it.This game is so broken. It used to be SO good, but SI have really lost their magic touch."
76561198335071967,Not Recommended,482730,30754984,Posted: 26 March,all,robertlovechina,"The only reason why i buy this game is for giving you the negative feedback!NO CHINESE, NO BUYER PRAISE.YOU SAY ONE THING BUT BEHAVE DIFFERENTLY, SHAME ON YOU!"
,Recommended,482730,32946739,Posted: 28 June,all,QoQ,I want traditional chinese interface
,Not Recommended,482730,33753903,Posted: 23 July,all,A nigga on the moon,Buying this and playing it made me realise why FM games deserve to be piratedAlso the transfer updates are as slow as my grandpa riding a snail
76561198032171360,Not Recommended,482730,29760122,Posted: 7 February,all,Mike_J_C,"Been playing this religiously since the original Championship Manger in 1992, this year as with last; I decided to take up the challenge of hoisting my local team Tranmere Rovers from the conference to world football domination. It's taken over 6 seasons and 8 days of continuous play, tweaking: tactics, formations, scouting opposition and scouting youth players to arrive in the Championship!!!! Alas my save has been hit with a hard brexit. Absolute joke!!!!!! Fuming wont be buying the next 25 versions thats for sure. Nice one Miles Jacobson!It is the most complete FM game to date but the Hard Brexit killed it for me.Goodbye FM, thanks for the memories"
76561198001643566,Recommended,482730,26338733,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,"Hail Forrest, Full of Frags","I see this has been bombed by Negative reviews recently because there's no Chinese translation...I have no issue since it doesn't affect me, so I'm giving this a thumbs up.The match engine has defo improved from last year, and I'm loving playing through this game, although I am indecisive about keeping on as a team (give reccomendations if you can, please?).In short, Negative reviews are being ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, Game is worth the money,"
,Recommended,482730,26128705,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Sleazy Ninja,"Seems that most negative reviews are about there not being a Chinese localisation. They might still add one in the future, relax guys.---Anyway, is it worth buying FM 17? Well the answer is simple: if you're a fan of the series then yes, if you're new to the series then yes.If you're expecting football as a sport to suddenly add laser shooting or something crazy then no.Seriously I don't get why people keep saying they didn't innovate this year. The sport itself doesn't change much, it's the same thing you're watching every year, just with different players and coaches.So does FM17 do an amazing job at keeping up? Yes!- improved match engine- social media added to simulate real life- Brexit simulator- quality of life improvement- completely up to date player/staff- improved fantasy draftThat and many smaller features, too many to mention here.It's another year of football and it's another great year for Football Manager.Now buy it, play it and get addicted!"
76561198036299498,Recommended,482730,26127332,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,kevinreilly18,Played most champ manager/football manager since 2008 and after the first few hours impressions are very good and probably be even better by full release. Seems a lot more challenging and nice additions. Recommend to any football manager fan
76561198060291455,Not Recommended,482730,30759249,Posted: 26 March,all,nssmithtx,Clumsy & cumbersome. Waste of 50 bucks.
,Not Recommended,482730,26253020,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Rengufelen,I'm writing this review just to let people who are already familiar with FM mechanics know that they haven't fixed your shoots on target efficency with ai's. Even if you play like a possession ♥♥♥♥♥ and get 10 out of 20 shoots on goal leading 2-0 ai's gonna get 2 goals with 2 outta 4 shoots on goal and tie the match. At first you gonna say that might happen it's okay. But then that's gonna happen a lot. And you're gonna get mad. :c If you don't mind that it's a ok 'game'. For me Fm series lost it touch to real football. Very sad really :'c
76561198002281536,Not Recommended,482730,26301590,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Kush💔Bel,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=789662645Don""t buy fm 17 noob editiononly the match engine is faster = 54 eurwon the uefa cup with a belgium team first seasoncalender issues same as fm 13-14-15-16 3 matches in 5 daysi played the game from CM 01/02and that version is better than this mess for 54 eurhope they next patch after full release will improve they at this point for die hard fans its to easy"
,Recommended,482730,30958658,Posted: 5 April,all,J xi C,"The game does not change very much from edition to edition. In fact, the updates they do provide could probably be done by a much smaller team than SI have.I do not agree with how they handle marketing, or how they treat fans. They rewarded them this year with a discount based on how many games they already own, which is  brilliant but they barely announced any new features before this reward was out of date. Not exactly fantastic from them.SI do not foster much love from the commnity, reguarly coming into confrontations with fans. The community itself does not foster much love from each other though, so both sides are responsible.The game is still good though, even if it isn't perfect. If you enjoyed FM16, or FM15 or before you might enjoy this game. Each successive game technically gets better, though everyone will have their favourite version.If you do not compare it to it's predecessors, and count out the fact it is practically a reskin and a paid update then you'll realise it is actually a very good game, and easy to sink plenty of hours into - as is proven by the statistics."
76561198084863954,Recommended,482730,34522968,Posted: 27 August,all,Jeanne d'Arc,Wenger Out!!!Good game with poor language pack.
,Recommended,482730,34356289,Posted: 19 August,all,KingBling,Addictive if you're into in-depth football managent.10/10 recommend for football fans.
76561198086567872,Not Recommended,482730,34682994,Posted: 2 September,all,FinNe,worst fm ever....It's funny when you lead 3 games in a row 4-1 and losse 4-6 in 15mins...next time i will just clean my♥♥♥♥♥with 50euros
76561198314417253,Recommended,482730,34419466,Posted: 22 August,all,AJHking,It is a goed game like i always thought it was but is not better than 2016 in my opinion.
76561198015032870,Not Recommended,482730,30823695,Posted: 29 March,all,mr.playa199,i dont know why am still playing this gamei already changed my laptop screen three times from punching them so hard after stubid AI match enginepls for god sake fix this game issuesthe game have been reskined every year for the past 5 years and thats it
76561198079703974,Not Recommended,482730,34804563,Posted: 7 September,all,tHEWall,"Not much to it, once uv'e played 10 mins u've played 1546 hours."
76561198063184833,Recommended,482730,26105109,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,MattC07,"Clean, clear and looking crisp. Really nice so far. The new interface and digital media additions are great."
,Not Recommended,482730,26278346,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,celtic_sheepie,"If you have any fond memories of the Football Manager francise then avoid this game! The match engine that was meant to have been revamped is terrible. Opposition players some how manage to outplay your team in most games even though your players are much better. The decision making of the players was meant to have been upgraded but its awfu, your players can't make simple 5m passes yet the other team can hit crossfield balls no problem, simple obvious passes are ignored in favour of shots from 40 yards instead. This means your constantly giving up possesion for no reason and then the other team goes up the field and gets a shot on target at your goal so you concede a large amount of goals. Rather than waste £28 it would be a better idea just to buy the editor for last year and move players about that would effect your league. This game has been slowly declining in playability over the last few years but this years edition has taken a mighty leap down the spectrum. As a long term fan and player (over 10 years) I really hope the full game is vastly improved on the beta version, otherwise I can see FM losing fans over the next few years."
76561198051095502,Not Recommended,482730,30631928,Posted: 20 March,all,joao-miranda,"NO SIGNIFICANT CHANGES....Another year,,, same old sh*t....Keepers not grabbing the balls adding to stupid corners amd in result stupid goals, defenders are ridiculous, only changes???? well first screen of the match and new advertisement boards and that's it...3D engine is crap, Artificial Inteligence is crap, players act worse than a 3 years old kid playing football, you could sign Messi or Manel from the portuguese 3th division they will play the same way, no dribles... no ""magic"".... ball hit players like their made of wood or metal, players are like ghosts, there is no contact between them, they pass through opponents bodies as like they are ghosts, when they don't pass they will fall down by themselves as nobodi near them.THIS WAS MY LAST  YEAR SPENDING A ""SMALL FORTUNE"" TO BUY A RIDICULOUS UPDATE FOR FM 2013 (YES I MEAN IT FM 2013) CAUSE IS JUST AN UPDATE NOTHING MORE."
,Recommended,482730,26110861,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,solohan,"In-game 3D engine is a little bit better than 16, but who cares, after several minute i turn it back to 2D mode...For me the biggest issue of 16: too strong wing back problem seems solved in 17, side defenders are not the biggest decision point any more and they DO not always get the highest rating. The comment is base on my 6.5 hours gameplay.Overall it still worth t buy with the updated datebase.update after 60 hours: crossing is still the most usually way to get a goal...only this time not always from wing back, but base on the fact that i play with a previous bundsliga 3 now bundsliga 2  team, i think it's reasonable."
,Recommended,482730,26112878,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Nollid,"Football Manager 2017 New features include:Brand new engine for the 3D modelsMatch engine allows players double the decision making powerMore customization for your managerSocial tab (Twitter feed)Better UIEasier to make decisions with more infoAnd of course, updated player lists and team positions.The game lags a bit for me so I had to use 2D Matchmaking but It's still playable.Overall I would reccomend this game if you really love Football Manager. If you don't, I could see why the $50 asking price would be a bit much and you would prefer other games.If you want a football game you can play, buy FIFA or PES instead (I prefer PES)--Review on 10/19/2016"
76561197966485976,Not Recommended,482730,29075131,Posted: 6 January,all,Bert,Football manager can go and take a royal ♥♥♥♥ to itself...most unrealistic piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game ever. WILL NEVER BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥AGAIN.
,Recommended,482730,32682906,Posted: 23 June,all,Skrrt Skrrt,"[+] New E-Adsboard, Vanishing Spray, Entrance Scene, Pre-Match Scene, Beautiful Skies, Social Feeds, Running Smooth, Best Interface, Better Manager Character 3D than FM 2016[-] In-Game editor price is not same as the steam store9.0 from me :)"
76561198050095523,Not Recommended,482730,26117472,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Tatamoeljana,"Football manager really really need competitor, no new features, match engine still feel same. Ea bring back  fifa manager!"
76561198051396115,Not Recommended,482730,26128815,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,gregoryf230,I've only played a small bit but from what I've seen this is effectively Football Manager 2016 2.0And I wasnt a huge fan of FM16. Find it very hard to become encapsulated in the career mode whereas 2014/2015 I could spend days at a time.
76561198047048612,Not Recommended,482730,30993771,Posted: 7 April,all,Negar·S4,"As your company said there will be a chinese version if 25000 copies are sold in China, yet the actual sale is far beyond this number, where is the chinese version? Suck it up ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sega"
,Recommended,482730,26210637,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,✯ Bubbles ✯,"Please be aware that the majority of negative reviews are from angry chinese people complaining because of translation.I'm going to leave a proper review for now and i will make a proper review once the game is released but the game so far is pretty good and is probably one of the best betas we've had for Football Manager, yes there are some bugs but they're not that bad, the reason for the beta is to sort all these bugs etc which they always do, this is a very good company who make the game and they do listen to community feedbackIf you buy the game now, you'll also get Football Manager Touch which is a seperate game this year, not included with the main game."
,Not Recommended,482730,26296324,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Tata Urs,"Best FM2016 re-skin by far. Altough I am pretty dissapointed about the in-match gameplay. The settings used for my matches is only Key Commentary, and it's preatty predictable what happens next. Usually when durring the a key higlight if a own player produces a mistake (lost possesion durring attack, wrong pass in the middle, fall down by mistake etc) that's when I realise that the opponent is going to score against me. Basically Key Commentary is now predicting that somebody is going to score - at least 85% from key commentary are goals."
,Not Recommended,482730,26465393,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,HarryFonda,Terrible goalkeepers completely ruin 3d experience
76561198162312282,Not Recommended,482730,26440305,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ruarysmith,As soon i start to play a matchg the top half of my screen (tool bar) starts going crazy ... flashing etc. i have to restart my whole computer to stop it. What is going on?
76561198011361260,Not Recommended,482730,28586198,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Kwan,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198010416865,Not Recommended,482730,26122962,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Infuriates his teammates,"Positives: Match engine looks smoother, more polishedNegatives: Still plagued by too many injuries to star players"
,Not Recommended,482730,26275193,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Beaver,"Well, I feel 10 hours and half a season in is a good time to review this years FM in its beta stage.  I don't recommend it unless they fix the huge issues of injuries.  I had 5 injured players in 2 days, the third day was match, 3 injuries in the one game brought me to having 8 injuries in my first team.Unplayable as it is right now, will change this if these problems are sorted after release.**Edit:  I now have 30 hours playing, this is because I started a new game with a team who have enough money to build a bigger squad to deal with the injuries. So yes, its playable with enough club funds, not playable with a team who starts with 40k transfer funds and a small first team**"
,Recommended,482730,26109467,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Major Lee Hung,Yes
,Recommended,482730,26339359,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,peitler684,played fine first time until about 5 games after pre season and then crashed. thats to be expected at this stage i know but other than that its decent. it keeps the best of '16 and has added some new stuff. Ok i only played it for an hour or so but so far so good.
,Recommended,482730,32132392,Posted: 2 June,all,Frapid,"Really fun game, seen alot of negative reviews of the game but i think its great haven't had any problems with it 10/10"
,Recommended,482730,32154071,Posted: 3 June,all,Liam,Bad game do not buy- ruined my a-levels
76561198002928049,Not Recommended,482730,26516906,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,norbizzy,"I am very disappointed with this game and the  zero technical help you get, I am actually seeking legal help with regards to a refund. The product is faulty, I am playing with no supporters in the stadiums and the game keeps resarting on its own.I am very frustrated customer right now. This is the last time I buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game. I want my money back."
76561198051139285,Not Recommended,482730,26291343,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Revolushan,pretty boring
76561198036190360,Recommended,482730,32107320,Posted: 1 June,all,hollingsdeen,"Seems like if you enjoy the game, just go on enjoying the game. If you're absolute trash and it doesn't just let you win every game and 'my keeper made a mistake, wah' write a bad review...Not too much difference from the last version, but then again, neither has football. They need to do more with the social media, media and player interaction in general as thats a little bland and repetitive.Tactics are fantastic, and I'm generally not very good at them, but slowly learning what works against what, and having my first successful save.. nice challege.All in all, still a decent enjoyable game. If you're going to sulk when you don't win your first game 8-0 , dont buy,"
76561198105175610,Not Recommended,482730,26415707,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Mithras,"The first difference is judged, not because of the game itself, but because of bad faith and discrimination against you."
,Not Recommended,482730,26356801,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,tolgaeryoldas,I m buying this game every year since 91 and first time i hated the play. its so complicated and looking for old habits like where i can make one to one markingok details good but we need to make them in easy and managableeven with powerful teams ı cant win games and eventhough i manage many formats the team still loosing same matches so where is the effect of managementalso ingame fauls alot but no whistlthese kind of examples alot this time really thinking to turn back 2015 one of the best up to date
,Recommended,482730,26575016,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Coroman,"Don't know why this version got negative reviews. I am enjoying it alot more than previous versions. The match engine seems to have been improved. On FM 2016 fullbacks would get a ton of assists with crosses. Now it seems like it's different kind of goals scored rather than from crosses all the time. You can still concede stupid goals like in FM 2016, but it seems like it's improved sligthly on that part aswell.When it comes to transfers I find it really hard to sell players even if they have performed really well for a season. It was hard enough as it is on FM 2016 to sell players, but it seems even harder on this version. Dunno if it's because I'm playing as Walsall, but I'm expecting to atleast to sell a player for half his value. Anyways, I could write alot more of pros and cons, but just can't be bothered. That's enough from me!"
76561197969081978,Recommended,482730,26684735,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,care``,"I dont get all the negative comments. What do you people want? A whole new game with tons of new features? They did add some new features though, maybe not the biggest of them all. But hey, this game is here a long time already. If you think you can implement new features that easy, maybe you should apply for a job at SI? They are still hiring people when you check their website...Imo the game is good, like it is every year. Some small tweaks, new rosters, a few new features,... Its what you would expect from a game thats here every year. I enjoy playing the game, no problems so far, no major bugs that ruin your gameplay.For me the game is the best of the series so far and im playing this game for years. Started with CM 2."
76561197970849504,Recommended,482730,29718453,Posted: 5 February,all,Bingo_UK,"I have bought FM for the last few years straight because I enjoy it but also because I can afford to do so.There is no doubt that if you love the idea of managing a team with all the myriad problems and challenges it brings then FM is without peer. A serious alternative might well be the driver for revolutionary change - but, as we have seen in other areas, this may not necessarily be a good thing. For now, this is the only game in town but if the annual outlay was a struggle I would just use community mods and updates to keep an older version of the game running.I don't mind the new social media aspects of the game but, like the Press interviews and player interaction, they quickly become formulaic - although I have picked up some fresh talent to scout from it.The game's jewel in the crown for me - and what makes this game such an  enticing challenge - is still the unfathomable dark heart of FM's match engine.  Some reviewers have slated its unrealistic scorelines or tactical glitches but any week's real world results will always throw up its fair share of ""bugger me, there's no way I thought Leeds would go out of the FA Cup to a non-league side"" incidents. I have played a lot of chess in years gone by to quite a decent level and I don't feel its an overstatement to see FM's innate complexity and the interaction of so many variables as similar in some ways. With a few community downloads (logos, DF11 facepacks and skins), it can also look how you want it.While I do  think the series is due for a bit of a makeover (and I am shallow enough to want the match graphics to be a part of that!), I wouldn't want anything which is so clearly not broken 'overfixed'. If you won't miss the money and you are patient enough for the game's learning curve it's definitely worth buying. If the cash is an issue hold out with a previous version and update it."
76561198107034507,Not Recommended,482730,28832940,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,xiaof,Miles jacohson is a bad man
,Recommended,482730,26169721,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Stylianfire,"Love this Series in general. Was not a huge fan of FM2016 for some reason. But I am really enjoying the changes in FM2017. Some are just subtle graphical fixes/improvements, others have to do with the AI of the match engine being smarter. Either way love the game, it is getting better and better every year.P.S. Dont bother with the Average review btw. It is skewed on the negative side by mostly Chinese upset that its not translated to their language so they are flooding the negative reviews."
76561198257631055,Not Recommended,482730,29919269,Posted: 14 February,all,saralove,Business integrity Road
76561198051586706,Not Recommended,482730,28700034,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,& mom's spaghetti,"Dissapointed just update transfer from 2016 and more unrealistic feature, also too easy for win. Shame on you fm developer, and it is my last FM ever."
76561198169958573,Not Recommended,482730,31955663,Posted: 25 May,all,am logan,utter♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198084847688,Not Recommended,482730,29329448,Posted: 17 January,all,GoTBRays,WHY U DO THIS!!!! ADD MORE STUFF
76561198162781698,Not Recommended,482730,29205153,Posted: 12 January,all,boomzbus,The game can't save
76561198163198653,Recommended,482730,28291693,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,edward.rizky,"Not too much improvement from last series, but the tactical reminder and staff hiring is something new and good to have."
76561198263545933,Not Recommended,482730,26639648,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,GirthyPole,"1.game itself looks awful, fm16 layout was a lot easier to see important messages, the layout is either too bright or too dark2. started a save with everton on a large database soon to realise players were missing like steklenburg, williams, robles etc.3. everytime a goal was scored i had error messages popping up (think 3D was the problem)4.players over the age of 30 are worth nothing5. (the worst) che nunnely isnt a cheap legend anymore:("
76561198060818667,Recommended,482730,30227327,Posted: 27 February,all,cwitt348,best edition in a few years. game is much more responsive than previous versions. looking forward to '18 already
,Recommended,482730,28244169,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Pedro Plays,"Is this just the same ole same ole?That was the question I honestly asked myself before purchasing football manager 2017.I have been a huge fan of the previous titles owning my first in 2005 and having every reincarnation since. It was inevitable that I would submit to the urge and purchase football manager at some point but was I going to buy it as soon as it came out or would I wait it out for a while. I trawled through reviews and social media trying to come to a conclusion and well I bought the game way back in beta stage.Do I regret it?Heck no! I am so glad I got on the FM train early. Its given me more time to practice and really enjoy this years version. There are enough new features, like training updates, social media, new staffing roles etc to keep me entertained yet it is the same Football Manager I know and love. I'm sinking lots of hours into the game and currently have a series on my youtube channel and ongoing stream on twitch and its going down really well too.This really is the only game I personally know that I can keep coming back to whether that is to take a low league club to the dizzy heights, take my nation to world cup glory or simply raise a group of wonderkids to take over Europe.I have been in a relationship with football manager since 2005 and I can see it continuing for a lot longer yet!"
76561198002244469,Recommended,482730,26748621,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,CalamityDisko,"I've been playing the FM series for about 15 years now, back when it was still named Championship Manager. I hesitated to buy FM17 since I was still enjoying FM15. But now I don't regret it a second. Especially the Match Engine has matured so much. This time I really feel as if I'm watching a real match, whereas in the past you would often see the same type of goals or strikers always shooting from impossible angles rather than opting for the pass or matches that seemed like they were predetermined. None of that in FM17. Everything feels so natural. I also love the improvements to the user interface."
76561198085359102,Recommended,482730,26760629,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,weareone,"I don't understand all the negative reviews, as a long fan of this franchise, I'm impressed by the depth of this new series. If you want to enjoy this game, you have to be patient to develop and analyze every details of this game such as match tactics, trainings, youth developments, etc.You cannot give negative reviews because you simply suck at the game, and just want to win every matches.This game is for those who actually enjoy football. cheers."
,Not Recommended,482730,33055337,Posted: 30 June,all,Jon Snow,Nope. Believe me or waste your bucks.
,Recommended,482730,30370264,Posted: 7 March,all,NOTORIOUS,the best.
76561198008394075,Recommended,482730,30536476,Posted: 15 March,all,smartpatrol442,"Because of the negative reviews, I didn't plan on buying FM17 and only did when I got bit by the bug to try it this March.  It feels like everyone's review sounds like they're describing FM14 through FM16--and those negative reviews are accurate for those games--but my experience of FM17 so far has been pleasant enough.  While many things are still the same, the radical interface design has freshened up the place a bit.  So far, I haven't been hampered by the overly sensitive morale issues or 80th minute lead collapses people claim are all over the place and have been in previous iterations.  If you're thinking about buying this game, I'd say the user reviews are a backlash of how hard the series has become in previous years but I would say that I'm enjoying this version just fine and would recommend it if you're on the fence about it."
,Recommended,482730,30829209,Posted: 30 March,all,GBL™,"Not sure whats with all of the negative reviews the game is great, people just don't understand tactics, player instructions etc, no issues here whatsoever, its just not for noobs."
,Not Recommended,482730,31525504,Posted: 3 May,all,zy15738,Rubish company.
,Recommended,482730,30145466,Posted: 24 February,all,faplicious,So far so good
76561198204162415,Not Recommended,482730,33449951,Posted: 11 July,all,ninjahb,I am so touched！Use Google translation to make the Chinese version
,Not Recommended,482730,28361369,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,claytonbuckman,"after losing 2 years worth of fm15 data, decided to try out fm17, i have a long history on many of the previous fm and cm games over the years however this is by far the most enraging.throughout fm 13 and 15 i have used 2 or 3 tactics to win nearly every cup and tournament under the sun and for some reason i cannot get anywhere with that tactic on fm17, i can put messi in my team and i will still lose.after completely dominating pre season with 4 different teams beating much higher class teams, first few games of the season and everything disintegrates.i have played around 30 competitive matches on 2 saves and 4 teams and so far i have had 19 red cards (this is without the hard tackle instructions) i had 4 players sent off in one half! and in one game i had 68 offsides. it is beyond a joke!i love these games and i am a certified fm addict but im sorry i just cannot continue with this one... back to fm 15 i go."
76561198034937563,Recommended,482730,34101628,Posted: 8 August,all,Ser Jaime Lannister,"New Arsenal Save, Start decently, Sign couple of good players, Half the squad out injured by September.Too Realistic.Would buy again."
,Recommended,482730,32030148,Posted: 28 May,all,The LichKing,"The main game is a time-eater, and feels more extensive than ever before. Player Roles finally play a... role in FM17. It's now abundantly clear that performance is reliant on effective deployment, both individually and collectively For instance, having your entire back four set to an attacking mentality spells trouble."
76561198054177527,Not Recommended,482730,35045427,Posted: 18 September,all,Hans Gruper,sucks
,Recommended,482730,30957417,Posted: 5 April,all,Captain Levi,Nice addition to the series
76561198011674243,Recommended,482730,32888267,Posted: 27 June,all,Gavilan,"do you like fm 16, well is the same♥♥♥♥♥♥but whit a little more chimi."
,Not Recommended,482730,32926184,Posted: 28 June,all,Rew,"I've been playing this game since CM4. So, I'm pretty familiar with the game. In the recent years however, I have been falling out. I still buy the game and play a bit, but not so much as before. There are several reasons for that, but I also don't find the new games ""improving"". The game engine in the recent years was a cathastrophy.I bought FM17 in Summer Sale. Downloaded it, started my career, got my first match (cup), 3-0 ahead at the end of first half. With the second half, a goal conceeded, 3-1. Still not a big problem.Then suddenly, my players just caused three penalty shots consecutively. Yes, in my first official match, yes in the same game. Yeah, nice ""reality"" guys, so realistic, nice game engine. So far for it. ALT+F4 with a lot of cursing before the game ends, to never to be opened again. The game engine was never ""good"" but this was where I drew the line for giving additional chances.I still regret the money I spent on this game. You are developing the match engine for more than 10 years, and it still fails at first match to allow 3 penalties on one side? Yeah yeah, I'm sure there are some matches with that much penalties... And how much of a chance of that happening, and at first match? If you can't handle to make a single game engine for 15 years, maybe you don't deserve more chances. This is probably the last FM game I ever bought. As I said, I already did not anticipate the game like before, but I lost my patience to failure over the last few years."
76561198008368503,Recommended,482730,26606973,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,raggyminten,"Maybe it's because I skipped FM2016, but I'm totally addicted again. Instead of other players I'm not conceding that many goals. Beside the negative points it's just another good FM. If SI will improve those negatives it would be great. But for now I'm still hooked to the game.The negative points:- Do not watch the matches in 3D. In 3D modus players do weird things which you (obviously) can't see in 2D. SI should focus on the gameplay itself and not on the 'looks'.- Unrealistic transfers/negotiations. Lowballing on your best players while you have to pay top prices. Totally inconsistent.- Players get unsatisfied too quickly. Without any good reason players will be unsatisfied. After that they often want to leave asap.- Players require unrealistic contracts. Barcelona/United bidding on your player; decline it? Expect the player instantly wanting a new, mutch better contract. Your 33-year old keeper is out of contract? Expect him only signing a new contract with a higher salary. Yeah, ok.- Sports scientists / data analists have been implemented but for what? It's fun to contract them, but I don't have any clue what they're for."
76561198027582623,Recommended,482730,26956627,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wine,"Dota 2 is unlike any other game I’ve ever played, both in its nature and history. It started off as a StarCraft mod popular enough to be ported to Warcraft 3, which then exploded into a kaleidoscope of player-made variants and eventually coalesced again into a single entity titled Defense of the Ancients Allstars. There is no single author of Dota, though all the anonymous contributors who’ve made it what it is have come from the community that first started playing the mods. As such, Dota is the very definition of grassroots game development. The idea of a game made by the people for the people, as a certain American president might put it, fills me with a particularly warm and fuzzy sensation."
76561198043906162,Recommended,482730,26786505,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,COYI,This game gets better and better every year with more detail and hours of fun
76561198032140243,Recommended,482730,30748355,Posted: 26 March,all,Von Smith,Great game🌈🌈🌈🌈
76561198038262585,Not Recommended,482730,32896226,Posted: 27 June,all,Devlish ☜★☞ ᶠᶸᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ,"So broken mechanicis and engine , you are suppose to make the game better than the predecessor , not worse.Most of players in team complain that they dont get enough first team when they have played 25 out of 32 matches , wtf devs . Youth goalkeeper with the only ability above 10 being Penalty taking and Throw-ins .... please devs learn about soccer first then try to simulate it.BIG FAIL GAME"
,Recommended,482730,30756798,Posted: 26 March,all,pikaroo,get mods.
76561197988562209,Not Recommended,482730,33943207,Posted: 31 July,all,Laiziras,"135 hours in and i dont think ive enjoyed single hour, everything is constant struggle and stress. No tactic seems to work, ive tried every single tactic on the workshop frontpage and tryed making my own tactics but none of them seem to change how my players play. This game has all the problems from previous games like ridiculous amount of injuries but it also seems to have picked up new stupid things like penalties only scoring about 40% of the time while freekicks score about 1/4th of all my goals, theres also ridiculous amount of own goals being made. Most infuriating thing is that my players seem to lack any loyalty for the team even if theyve played their entire careers in my team, they still want to move as soon as they get a transfer offer made for them even if its to a worse team and if you decline it all hell will break loose and half the team will turn against you and want you fired. Also goalkeepers seem to be completely useless this season, making very little difference if you use your 3rd best goalkeeper or best one in the world"
76561198025514788,Not Recommended,482730,29503879,Posted: 26 January,all,wooooj#9887,so so
76561198324896695,Recommended,482730,31854946,Posted: 20 May,all,StrictlySensii,Great game
76561198134863637,Recommended,482730,33147161,Posted: 2 July,all,sam,good
,Recommended,482730,30954895,Posted: 4 April,all,FC Midtjylland 4-1 Aalborg BK,First time I got this game after years of buying FIFA; despite all the negative reviews very impressed. The menu is nice and clean and the gameplay is excellent for a simulation game as well. Menus are a little slow but I think it's just my slow computer. Very enticing game (difficult I must admit) and I am amazed by the amount of data edits available on the workshop. Very good game.
76561198069610443,Recommended,482730,34547471,Posted: 28 August,all,keep calm and carry,"nice game but not a excellent one, waiting for FM2018"
76561198263790119,Recommended,482730,35147793,Posted: 23 September,all,jervu,gasdase
76561198273356167,Recommended,482730,29809452,Posted: 9 February,all,judbog,"im sad to say... i like it... i know its not the best, actually its nowhere near the best but its still for me just as enjoyable as fm 2012 which i loved... i thought 16 was the best tho, and im sad to say this is pretty much the exact same game...but imo thats a good thing. i know its a long way off but i hope SI actuallt some new features for 18. but for now ill just enjoy 17...also if anyone wanna do some online games hmu ;)"
76561198002630101,Recommended,482730,33582515,Posted: 16 July,all,daraghk1986,"Not much difference between this and FM16, hopefully FM18 will be different and new, otherwisw I dont think I'll keep buying these games. I used to love them but the last couple of years have been pretty much the same game with a couple of new features and new databases."
,Recommended,482730,30285735,Posted: 2 March,all,louie_zhang2002,"The game is great on my mac however comparing to FM14 (the last generation I played) it was a bit slower, however I still found a lot fun through that"
,Not Recommended,482730,34296708,Posted: 16 August,all,XBOCT,The game suck. Same old♥♥♥♥♥♥from 2015 and 2016. You can't get cheap players anymore. Even unknown players are damn expensive and illogical. The only difference is the social feed which is useless anyways. Bloody hell
76561197998763059,Not Recommended,482730,34407474,Posted: 21 August,all,沒有人,this is no chinese language in MAC version
,Not Recommended,482730,30410023,Posted: 9 March,all,Space Ghost,"Football Manager is one of the better sports management sims available on the market today (the other one is OOTP in case you were wondering). I'm not as experienced with the many iterations of the game but I have played 2016 and the 2017 versions to know how to play the game. I used to think that the game was less based on RNG and more based on how you use the players you purchase/have contracted but that's not the case.For example if you have two decent Centerbacks (when I say decent, I mean they're average for the league you're playing in such as the British Premier League) you should expect them to have a through pass get through at least once a game. There's also times where the ball is crossed into the box from an outside position and it somehow gets into the goal past 2-3 defenders and the goalie. The ball's not touched after the initial cross by anyone and it floats into the goal. It's really random if you players play like a real player would or if they just run around with their head cut off sometimes.The game's other aspects (outside of playing games) are done pretty well. You can sign players from anywhere you'd like (as long as you can get them a permit if your league requires one for foreign players), you can play any kind of formation you want and play as long as you'd like. You can do anything you'd like to do with a team (aside from relocating them to another town but that's a non-issue for me personally) and do it as long as you're winning games.TL;DR the game's alright but some stuff feels too much like it's based on luck and not on how players would react in real life. It's a video game so maybe I shouldn't expect that but one could hope for that. I JUST WANT MY DEFENDERS TO INTERCEPT A THROUGH BALL AND BLOCK A CROSS THAT'S ACTUALLY HEADED FOR THE GOAL. IS THAT TOO MUCH TOO ASK? IT'S NOT EVEN A HIGH CROSS, IT WAS A LOW CROSS THAT GOT PAST 2 DEFENDERS AND THE ♥♥♥♥ING GOALIE."
76561198080154944,Recommended,482730,30359522,Posted: 6 March,all,Monkeysam24,Great Game!
76561198076337846,Not Recommended,482730,30422488,Posted: 10 March,all,frankhsu1986,"I'm a fan of Football manager since CM 00-01 in Shanghai, China. It's my favorite PC game and one of the most important way to leisure.Sure I know English well and it's easy for me to play in English envrioment. And I never care about Chinese version until Mr. Jacobson promise he will develop. What I anger is not about the Chinese version but his faithlessness.At the last, I'm proud of being a Chinese FMer."
,Recommended,482730,32152458,Posted: 3 June,all,walsh`,"Could do with certain areas being improved or overhauled and each version seems to have less and less in terms of new meaningful features or development. However, still takes over my life and is as addictive as ever. Far and away the best football management game out there. I do wish the match engine would look a bit prettier, but those focusing on that are plain daft, it isn't and never has been the main focus of these games. Also, far too many people moaning about things which come down to their own tactics and understanding of the game."
,Not Recommended,482730,30397473,Posted: 8 March,all,Sam,"the odds are massively stacked against youeven with good proven tactics from online websites...the odds are stacked against you, theirs being realistic and their is being a jokefor example, (i was hearts)Ross County Vs Hearts2        Goals       02        shots       272       on target  190       off target   832%  Possesion   68%^^ this is prime example of this game, the opposition do nothing but still get the win, this happened manyyy times to me, more and more frequently, despite my tactic being solid and my players playing good football, the enemy team always get the win in most cases, situations like this happened to me alot, and for this reason im on the fence playing it againFM16 was far more proven and realistic results against weaker teams or teams who have played bad all season, but instead here in FM17 they play like ronaldo and rip you apart, even if their form and tactic is shocking against you"
76561198060261025,Not Recommended,482730,29131776,Posted: 8 January,all,Lukey0701,"BY FAR THE WORST FM CREATED! LOVED FM16, ITS BASICALLY EXACTLY THE SAME BUT WITH NO CONSISTANCY IN RESULTS, HONESTLY REGRET SPENDING SO MUCH MONEY FOR THIS GAME AND IM SOMEONE WHO CONSTANTLY PLAYS THIS GAME! tHE HIGHLIGHTS ARE SO UNREALISTIC SOMETIMES AND REALLY POOR QUALITY, JUST SEEMS A LIKE OF IDEAS IN CREATING THE GAME! IM WINNING 3 - 1 WITH 2 MINUTES TO GO AND I SOMEHOW LOSE 4 - 3, MANCHESTER CITY ARE IN THE RELEGATION ZONE, ITS JUST ALL TERRIBLE! I WILL BE DEMANDING A REFUND FOR THIS GAME AS IT HAS NO QUALITY OR ENJOYMENT TO IT! I REALLY DO NOT RECOMMEND PURCHASING THIS GAME, IT WILL BE ONE  OF THE WORST DECSIONS YOU MAKE! GO AND BUY FIFA OR SOMETHING ELSE, THEY ARE BOTH FULL OF BS BUT AT LEAST FIFA YOU CAN PLAY IT AND HAVE A LITTLE MORE CONTROL OF THE BS! JUST PLEASE DONT BUY THE GAME, HONESTLY IT WILL BE A TERRIBLE IDEA"
76561198032018041,Not Recommended,482730,30327997,Posted: 4 March,all,zww-1234,no chinese  no credit!!!!
76561198091169915,Recommended,482730,31314511,Posted: 23 April,all,Joo Higa,"Well, There are so many negative comments here. I feel it is unfare for its quality.this verson is well made. If you like other versions, just BUY it.I think many negative comments from from people of one country.this version is more detailed and you ca use MODS perfectly.Game system is much uniqueSo, getting win is much harder than before. in such cases you have to reconsider way of handling team talks during games. and you have to be careful man management in your team.  if you ignore players requests you will get suffer of doramatical decreasing team moral and your game will be terrible.I think this version is very realistic edditon than before.but ones you learn the way of handling problems you can fully enjoy this game."
76561198059861226,Recommended,482730,27574655,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,calmandcollected1,"You can try to resist, try to hide from my kiss, but you know, yeah you know that you...CAN'T FIND THE SUNLIGHT!"
76561197998589998,Not Recommended,482730,32200363,Posted: 5 June,all,Jobe Reaper,"Fan of this series for years but for whatever reason, it appears they have completely screwed up the importing / loading system for tactics and shortlists. When in-game I'm unable to change the directory path to search for these files and despite trying several workarounds found on Google, I'm still unable to work this out. Subscribing from Steam Workshop items also does not work, as these do not appear in the game regardless of restarts etc. Very sloppy from Sports Interactive. I'm requesting a refund and will be skipping this iteration of the series."
76561197989664256,Recommended,482730,32266249,Posted: 8 June,all,Kastanjekarsen,I have read alot of the negative reviews here and I do not give credit to any of their arguments.The game is - as the previous versions - in my opinion - better than the previous one. And what more can they do? Other than making it a little bit better everytime. The 3D simulation of the game is almost good enough to watch the matches in real time. The social media bit gives you an oppurtunity to know what the fans think about the job you are doing. If you don't like it - ignore it.As the previous games I find this game fantastic. I get way to engaged and a bad run of form can affect my personal life in the same way a good run of form can.Please. Never stop making Football Manager. :)
,Not Recommended,482730,31022306,Posted: 8 April,all,OreoSama,This is the first manager that lose my cloud saves.FKKKKUUU
76561198038476669,Recommended,482730,31042667,Posted: 9 April,all,Stephen Branney,Best of the FM versions so far.  Not been a better one since CM days.
76561198035659041,Recommended,482730,33645306,Posted: 18 July,all,adkim78,"Some people's reviews are tempered by their long history with the FM series. However, if you're new to the game, I would highly recommend. I've had a lot of fun, despite the reviews."
76561198073831266,Recommended,482730,31920466,Posted: 23 May,all,michael.piggott,"Football Manager addiction gets worse every year, Sports Interactive should create a FM rehab centre like seriously hahaha.Procrastination from university study hurts me."
76561198006174087,Recommended,482730,34629000,Posted: 31 August,all,Wazza,fantastic game :D
76561198107570236,Recommended,482730,35239128,Posted: 27 September,all,一马平川,"It is so hard to keep a good player in a low-reputation team in FM2017~Price is a little bit high considering only a few changes of the series,I would recommend you to buy only one version between FM2012-FM2017 (In my point, FM2014 is the harder one)"
76561198048240224,Recommended,482730,34502698,Posted: 26 August,all,NERO,good
76561198090012060,Recommended,482730,35091964,Posted: 20 September,all,Kraft Dinner,A moment of silence for my GPA and social life. May you both rest in peace.
,Recommended,482730,34541902,Posted: 27 August,all,fir_nev,"After a long hiatus from FM08, I decided to buy FM17 on sale and was not disappointed..."
,Recommended,482730,34752669,Posted: 5 September,all,Allveen,been a fans of Football Manager for life. Enjoyed this one also.
76561198033596886,Not Recommended,482730,26720153,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,MuchMucho,"CONSGame doesnt know Free kicks rule (when to give a card and when not to), game doesnt know offside rules.Injuries are too many.Work permit for a premier league team for a player who would be in the starting 11, rubbish not to give this. probably due to all the racism going on in Britain atm so the game probably adopted the racism too.Still too many stupid questions young player signings is not a job for the manager to answer those questions rubbish and waste of game time, and sometimes they ask 3 questions that basically are the same, can also focus on a person who wasnt man of match, again bad journalism and stupid.Skins are awfull looking I¨ve had to download skins from awsome modders,. but that FM lacks that much of commitment to make beautifull skins is a grand minus.No pictures of the players, you have to download it from example FM scout.They said they had made a lot of changes game is more or less the same changes in overall is minor.Pros:Game is still the most realistic Football manager game to date.Still fun game and has a lot of details.Boardroom advice is now in the inbox and I do like this change.Game has gotten an upgrade in graphics.Game has gotten some new staff jobs, though not very detailed and they should probably have set a certain trait for those jobs, but nevertheless they are still there.My personal rating 2/10After having played it some more too many bugs are in the game, free kicks unrealistic players with a rating of 17 only hit inside goal frame 1 out of 40.Yellow cards are given to players who do absolutely noghing than standing behind a player who falls. crappy display of a freekick.Players forget ball like a toddler would do when dribbling. meaning ball lies still and they continue to run resulting in the opponent picking ball up...wtf who on earth is that stupid other than a toddler not know what he or she is playing.They promissed a lot of changes yet skin is still crappy and the same.Game is basically nothng more than an update and too many crappy bugs are in the game."
76561198200326869,Recommended,482730,34275569,Posted: 16 August,all,Overkill,זה משחק חולני נודר
76561198174810270,Recommended,482730,34508259,Posted: 26 August,all,Papas13,Fun with small defects :)
,Not Recommended,482730,34745349,Posted: 4 September,all,Nien #EPVIII,"If one were to describe my experiences with this game, the Oxford English Dictionary simply would not suffice in providing enough negative adjectives to explain truly how terrible it really is."
,Recommended,482730,27647727,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ThaiGR,ThaiGR Approved!
76561197993036432,Recommended,482730,30852159,Posted: 31 March,all,-Karnage-,"good and easy game, after a few seasons it getting slow and boring again"
76561198002289314,Recommended,482730,30789855,Posted: 28 March,all,Dangton Flowers,Perfect
,Recommended,482730,30789777,Posted: 28 March,all,Red Balloon,I wonder why I paid so much to waste my life away. . .
,Recommended,482730,26898357,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dunadela,It`s better then last year.but not a huge change.
,Recommended,482730,27385436,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Schlafgut,"Not a bad game itself, but lack of improvements comparing to FM 2016. Still buggy. But it's fun. Buy if you are a hardcore fan only."
,Recommended,482730,27161446,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,detective_alex,The new 3D engine with latest transfer update. I love it.
,Recommended,482730,26863602,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,supreme leader taras,very good
,Recommended,482730,26909961,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AndersSchm,The only downside to games in this series is that you won't be able to play any of the other games you buy in the Steam sale for a very long time.
76561198046651050,Recommended,482730,27293762,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,2SP00K,"The UI is less intuitive than before, but it's still a good game"
,Recommended,482730,33118266,Posted: 1 July,all,crippin bob,very good
76561198029578724,Recommended,482730,27812274,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Magiz21,"There is no bad or good Football manager, its not just a game"
,Recommended,482730,33148596,Posted: 2 July,all,Brain101,"The usual gradual iteration of the Football Manager franchise.If you have played any of them before, then this is a great way of continuing to feed the addiction :)"
,Recommended,482730,32414177,Posted: 14 June,all,cstkl1,Fantastic. Recommended.
76561198008786336,Recommended,482730,32588597,Posted: 20 June,all,amalola,best game ever
76561198015492583,Recommended,482730,27936977,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ShadowDenim,Every year a new FM comes out and I loose about 400 hours to this game. Every year I think that they can't make this game any greater and with little tweaks they make it a lot more fun. Here is to another 400 hours wasted to this game.
,Recommended,482730,27955304,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Awptick,"Great game with hours and hours of time to play. A purchase that i make every year, with little to no hesitation at all."
,Not Recommended,482730,26113695,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Asix,no chinese !!
,Not Recommended,482730,26113829,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,micmiccmicc,Sega broke his promise again...
,Recommended,482730,32321090,Posted: 10 June,all,Clutch Cassidy,A lot of people don't seem to like FM17. I like it. It's nice. Get it.
,Recommended,482730,27193398,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Da Vinci,10 out of 10 players get mad when i sell their friends
76561198076550343,Recommended,482730,27082676,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,scoria,just play it and you will never stop to playing it
76561198134511915,Recommended,482730,27045483,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,God of  War,fantastic
76561198003395286,Recommended,482730,27066185,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,prem.ananthan,Enjoyed trying to implement a pressing game. Decent upgrade over FM 2015. Not sure about FM 2016
76561197993260961,Recommended,482730,27261182,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,vontasben,Excellent update to one of my favourite series of games.
,Recommended,482730,26954028,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Got the Shakes,"I love this game. I think that it gets better every year, especially when the 3D match engine is running. If you love football and are ok with losing hours at a time while playing, I couldn't recommend this game more."
,Recommended,482730,27268310,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JordanMillward_1,"Brilliantly in-depth and addicitive game that you'll say you're only going to spend an hour on at 7pm, and then you look up and realise that you have to be in work in an hour... and it's 8am."
,Recommended,482730,27280888,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wrennie1919,"Don't know why the game is getting so much hate, think it's an improvement on last year!"
76561198163599194,Recommended,482730,26773677,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BlackScienceMan,Not as bad as people suggest. Still enjoyable despite penalties often being saved. Still a good and Fun version of FM
,Recommended,482730,27202665,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,abdullah.alawadhi,"I'm coming from FM2015, I must say the game is a big improvement. I'm seeing now that this game is best enjoyed every two years."
,Recommended,482730,27427625,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tralalaiko,"After all those years it's still very addicting. Goalkeepers can be less frustrating, but they are funny at times."
,Recommended,482730,27538123,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,♛ SWEB ♛,5*
,Recommended,482730,27414659,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,susheeljohn,"This latest version of the FM franchise brings a lot of little features which make management more interesting.  And, hey, I can now manage the team looking like myself, which I thought was a nice touch.  I've been playing this since CM3 and this is the best version yet."
,Recommended,482730,31140728,Posted: 14 April,all,zhylionel,Nice
,Recommended,482730,26526557,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,vimesy,"This is the first football manager I've played since FM14 and quite a bit has changed. Whilst some things like the social feed are a little unpolished, the game is very accessible overall.On previous versions I'd always download a tactic off the internet and just use that but I've taken the time to play with the system and gotten a few things that work. Whilst I'm not the best tactician in the world the advice from your coaching staff is very helpful.The game is well worth buying and is a real time sink."
,Recommended,482730,26863731,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Harris,Best football game out there
76561198008662074,Recommended,482730,26822828,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fr1dg3,I dont understand why everyone is whining.United is finishing top 4 every season in my save. Its pretty swell seeing as they sure as♥♥♥♥♥♥not going to to do that in real life.I only follow FM 2017 results not real world results.
76561198334366864,Recommended,482730,28440527,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,muhammadfaris1407,Please Fix 'Malaysia Cup 2016' The Winner For 2016 Is Kedah FA(sorry For My Bad English)
76561198053004292,Recommended,482730,27922836,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,JaakJaak,Best Fm yet!!!
,Recommended,482730,27879384,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Generic Duck,"No major changes from 2016, but still worth it to me."
,Recommended,482730,28351369,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,elliotplatten,"I've seen this game being slammed this year. I consider myself a bit of a veteran clocking in over 1000+ hours on each FM15 & FM16. I massively disagree with people complaining. This FM has to be by far the best FM ever released. Comparable to the greatness of Championship Manager 03/04 in my opinion.I usually can take my team (Hull) upto and win the Premier League within 3 seasons if I start in the Championship. I think this FM is considerably harder, one of the reasons being why people are complaining on the injury front. Unfortunately players do get injured. It took me 4 seasons to win the Prem on this game starting in the Championship and I was very lucky to do that.I know that the 'Touch' version is meant to be a simpified way of actually playing the game, however this restricts the player database, and lose alot of the features that are cool about the main game. I personally feel as though a 'standard' and 'hard' game mode would be ace.Another great game, and I look forward to spending another 1000+ hours of my life i'll never get back throughout the season."
76561197988093446,Recommended,482730,32705972,Posted: 23 June,all,Zhao,willbuyeveryyearforrestofmylife/10
,Recommended,482730,32724142,Posted: 24 June,all,Maccun,Absolutely better than 2016
,Recommended,482730,32866766,Posted: 27 June,all,Axis ⑨,Just take my life
76561198074843632,Recommended,482730,32878014,Posted: 27 June,all,turkish_londoner,amazing game!!  buy it near enough every year
76561198256510171,Not Recommended,482730,31838724,Posted: 19 May,all,apomroy03,my game wont start and for some reason fm17 touch has started to download????????
,Recommended,482730,32196231,Posted: 5 June,all,Nicklaß Antoinee De Santa,Just hope the developer would hear about our suggestion and even thought if Sport Interactive need more time to make a huge different than stop makin any FM franchise for a while. We just need an update for transfer like that.and if it's the time to announce the full new football manager just announce it.I know making game is hard and need a big patience.Overall this game make me more addicted than FIFA.
76561198136309595,Recommended,482730,32287520,Posted: 9 June,all,TheBusyGamer,"graphic improve, faster loading & saving"
76561198277770151,Recommended,482730,32181855,Posted: 4 June,all,Frankie,good
,Recommended,482730,32265650,Posted: 8 June,all,KaiserKirito,"Love this game. Was very unsure when I first bought it but not anymore. I'm playing this all day. So addictive and so immersive. The complete football manager experience, nothing on the market comes close to this game. Highly recommend it"
,Recommended,482730,31889890,Posted: 21 May,all,johnhughthom,"Match engine more solid than last year, a few tweaks here and there, a few pointless new ""features"", same old FM."
,Recommended,482730,32258357,Posted: 7 June,all,Mokky,Good
,Recommended,482730,33054710,Posted: 30 June,all,barbaritorpascal,True football experiment. I love this serie
,Recommended,482730,33017849,Posted: 29 June,all,O_DAWG SLATTERHEAD,Best version yet with intricacy at its highest.
76561198029867772,Recommended,482730,27730599,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Iheanacho,Football Manager 2016 is a great realistic game
76561197963820574,Recommended,482730,27736719,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SuppeNinja,Just one more match..................
76561198074535091,Recommended,482730,27744416,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,JoshBrady,Best Football Manager ever.
76561198122553760,Recommended,482730,27736304,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ATG912,"Love it, absoloutly addicted. 100% love it"
76561198288971282,Not Recommended,482730,33943271,Posted: 31 July,all,aqil.valiyev1,The game sometimes crashes in the game and quits. Needs to be fixed.
,Recommended,482730,33945778,Posted: 1 August,all,Kids Jaman Now,atleast better than 2016
,Recommended,482730,29290370,Posted: 15 January,all,BABYRAGE,meh
76561198002581271,Recommended,482730,28841835,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,stu-vincent,Great improvement
,Recommended,482730,30073203,Posted: 20 February,all,e| Conquistador,"Yes, there are not many changes. It's a reskin of 2016. That does not make it a bad game. 8/10."
76561198240394924,Recommended,482730,29694043,Posted: 4 February,all,its.dingle,this is a very good game I enjoy it a lot but I get some people dont like this sort of stuff but doesnt mean you have to hate it just play something else
,Recommended,482730,33136612,Posted: 2 July,all,nebnel,my first fm game a very good way to start off
76561198367489185,Recommended,482730,30353034,Posted: 6 March,all,sherida.anderson,I have just bought a new computer and each time i try to play the game it wont play past the 17th September.
,Recommended,482730,30349674,Posted: 5 March,all,kittylovemic,Verey good
,Recommended,482730,33439359,Posted: 10 July,all,|| Flash || +_+ Red Devil !!!,not for the usual fifa gamers.amazingly worked and coded game ...and it will give you a real insight into the world of football management♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics though if thats what you are looking for
76561198405729501,Recommended,482730,33578291,Posted: 15 July,all,katleho.morobe1,"Changed my review. Solid game, join the forums."
,Recommended,482730,33795672,Posted: 25 July,all,pastamansam,For those that have played Football Manager before this is nothing other than what you should expect. Small changes. A slightly different data base. Hours and hours of your life lost.For those that play the handheld or touch version this is what you should be playing. More players. More tactics. Even more hours and hours of your life lost.For those of that don't play Football Manager. Now is as good a time as any to start. The help for new players is better. Be prepared to lose hours and hours of your life.
,Recommended,482730,30355239,Posted: 6 March,all,KMV,same old s h i t :D
,Recommended,482730,33728703,Posted: 22 July,all,comper999,Decent
76561198257233809,Recommended,482730,28131741,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Foe31,"Nice tactical game simulator but there still alot need to improve such as match rating(defender mostly get a highest rating),match engine and also selling player system..i hope SI wanna update for new improvement in the next patch"
,Recommended,482730,31053301,Posted: 9 April,all,Hijinx,"Much improved over 2016 in the ways I wanted it to be. Match engine is better, inside forwards and wingers behave in a rational way. Gameplans execute more faithfully. The Social media stuff is hit or miss, overall a good improvement."
76561198066094175,Recommended,482730,32446659,Posted: 15 June,all,layze87,best one so far
76561197969338736,Recommended,482730,30906363,Posted: 2 April,all,Narvask,FM 17 is a great game in the series.  They have ironed out the problems of 2016 and really given a complete game this time.  I think they need to just extend 2017 with a yearly update and not bring out the same game with a slightly better game engine for the next one however.
76561198006710842,Recommended,482730,30921238,Posted: 3 April,all,Zac,"I get why it has negative reviews on steam, as at face value it hasn't changed a lot from the previous years. But the new changes are good, although quite small, they do improve the game a lot in my opinion.This has been my favourite version since 2012, so I'm happy.I do think the way you interact with media needs a huge overhaul, it's tedious atm. I think overachieving with a team should mean more. I feel that the media could create stories and reward good play, and criticise bad. I just feel there's loads they could do with it.Don't expect a huge changel, but do expect a good solid version of FM."
76561197982939379,Recommended,482730,31198810,Posted: 17 April,all,Tendai,Fun and addictive game
,Recommended,482730,30320508,Posted: 4 March,all,ItsBolleN,Decent as always!
,Recommended,482730,30966675,Posted: 5 April,all,Jack The Hedgehog,"Not a ground-breaking, award-winning release, or much improvement from the previous couple of FM games, but still a good game, and still a game I find new ways to enjoy and spend hours of my life clicking away!"
,Recommended,482730,32448903,Posted: 15 June,all,The Flash,"Probably one of the best Football Manager games for years. Thoroughly enjoy playing! Just fix the social feed and make the goalkeepers better, their animations are shocking!"
,Recommended,482730,26622864,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Tinuven,Vast improvement on 16. Tactics are easier to work out and get something that works for your team. Easier to sign players. The addition of new staff roles works well with scouting and medical. All in all another good installment in a fantastic series.
76561198015304800,Recommended,482730,30106951,Posted: 22 February,all,Perlot,"Playing as Arsenal.  Couldn't buy any players because the board wouldn't give me the funds.  In preseason and first two games 11 players got injured, including Sanchez and Ozil.  Got hammered by Man Utd away and lost to Bournemouth at home.So pretty accurate simulation then."
76561198058572560,Recommended,482730,31198343,Posted: 17 April,all,ivarky,played this alot... i fall in and out of love with this game. Go through stages that i wont play anything else and the points where i want to frizbee the computer across the room. Had some trouble at points where it randomly crashed but no had that for about 3 months. Would recomend to people who have lots of time and want to loose all of there friends :)
76561198033507901,Recommended,482730,30183744,Posted: 25 February,all,Yeeeee,"게임을 플레이하면서 몇가지 문제점이 빈번하게 보이고, 실제로도 많은 사람들 사이에서 꾸준히 제기되어온 것 들을 나열해봄1. 게임 제작사가 패널티킥이 왜 패널티킥인지 잘 모르는거같음. 심한 경우에는 실축하기 위해서 패널티를 차는 느낌임. 오죽했으면 프리킥 성공률이 패널티보다 높을거같다는 얘기도 많이 나올정도(물론 당연히 실제로 그렇진않음ㅎㅎ)2. 실제 축구에서도 오프사이드를 이딴식으로 심하게 잡지는 않음. 골과 직접적으로 연관이 되어있는 상황이 아닌데도 오프사이드를 불고, 공격수가 오프사이드를 감지하고 달리기를 멈췄음에도 불구하고 오프사이드를 불어서 경기의 흐름을 깨쳐먹는건 비일비재.3. 도대체 골키퍼는 왜 골포스트쪽으로 오는 공을 잡고 엔드라인 밖으로 나가는거?4. 소셜피드 재밌고 참 좋은데 평점 9.9점을 받은 선수에게도 반드시 한명은 디스를 한다는게 좀 그럴듯하지 못한거같네. 그리고 소셜피드에서 나오는 반응의 종류를 사람이 추가할 수 있게 만들어줬으면 하는 바람도 종종 보임5. 주급을 2,3억씩 받는 선수가 드리블로 수비수 한명을 벗겨내는것 조차 힘겨워 하는 건 실제에선 절대 흔한 일이 아님.위의 문제점들만 제대로 개선을 한다면 16을 1300시간 정도 즐겼던 나로서는 그 이상의 시간을 투자할 가치가 느껴지는 게임인거같음."
76561198037554302,Not Recommended,482730,34601650,Posted: 30 August,all,Lord Newbie,Beard options are the saddest thing I have ever seen. Unplayable.
,Recommended,482730,26110363,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,jastinluan,A fault confessed is half redressed
76561198158458525,Recommended,482730,33249008,Posted: 4 July,all,Corsa,unreal
76561198281813521,Recommended,482730,29819407,Posted: 10 February,all,the_emperoryungama,"This is the first time i've plaved this game on PC/Mac, however i have played some demos. Obviously I don't know much, but I think this game is worth it on special, but♥♥♥♥♥♥at full price."
,Recommended,482730,33175563,Posted: 3 July,all,Ragnar,"I was a bit influenced by the negative comments that I delayed buying the game for this long. However, after playing for sometime and getting the feel of it, I can say that it is better than previous versions of the game and I had played every iteration of this game. The improvements are more intrinsic which improves the overall experience and joy of the game. We all should remember that this game is the best football management game and it still remains so."
76561198042216694,Recommended,482730,33180576,Posted: 3 July,all,TheSpecialOne,"If you like FM, you'll like it."
76561198032173683,Recommended,482730,31393723,Posted: 27 April,all,kevinburke72,the best game ever ive been playing this for over 10 years and ill never stop playing this game they keep improving each yearand to think whn i first played this game it was Cham Manger then i had it for the amega then and cos i didnt no how to do a sub in the game i turned it off and did play it for about 3 or 4 months again untill one of my mates asked if he could borrow some of my games and of course CM was in there a month later i was back on the game he showed me how to do a sub lo i baught every CM after tht then the company spit and i went with FM and the rest in Historyso thank you FM
76561198378575391,Not Recommended,482730,31039127,Posted: 9 April,all,double_exclam,Crashes to desktop about 10x more often than fm16. Choke on a♥♥♥♥♥♥Miles. Why not build an actually robust game instead of adding gimmicks??
76561198030884517,Recommended,482730,34357136,Posted: 19 August,all,asaphx,A true simulator... so comprehensive and elaborate. True fun.
,Recommended,482730,34621103,Posted: 30 August,all,Hyperion™,"I only played a little, it was allright ^^"
,Recommended,482730,34667610,Posted: 1 September,all,Ruige Robba,12/10
,Recommended,482730,35065190,Posted: 19 September,all,FAXZU,best game<3
,Recommended,482730,34357802,Posted: 19 August,all,Ruddiger,"Don't feel realistic enough. The addition of social media adds to the realism of running a football club, but there's no puddle drinking mongs bombarding my Twitter feed telling me to announce Neymar. Not quite perfected social media in 17 but hopefully this will be fixed in 18."
76561198005681301,Recommended,482730,34466835,Posted: 24 August,all,gozy16,tres bien and such
,Recommended,482730,34324129,Posted: 18 August,all,HG,very nice game i love this game
76561198315148425,Recommended,482730,34354662,Posted: 19 August,all,jeandevepeula,Great game!
,Recommended,482730,34368957,Posted: 20 August,all,lupiyatama,"I need to stop playing this game and get a life, but Lukaku keep scoring and I won another league, maybe one more season is a good idea"
76561198073898205,Recommended,482730,34415736,Posted: 22 August,all,Zavatoni,...
,Recommended,482730,34662641,Posted: 1 September,all,Moist,"Possibly the worst fm i've played too date and ive played em all since 01/02 , yet it's still a superb game which says alot really, the game is good but the match engine is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥and easy to figure out tho i recommend this game id pick up fm 2014 or 15 and get updated databases etc as there more enjoyable (and cheaper!)"
76561198150071702,Recommended,482730,34668827,Posted: 1 September,all,wartyman1,Awesome as always! 10/10
,Recommended,482730,34800525,Posted: 7 September,all,abrakadaver07,Really worth it considering the amount of hours you can dump in it. It's also really polished with some nice new features.
76561198039968144,Recommended,482730,34320123,Posted: 17 August,all,Peter File,"My opinion on this title has made question why i put so many hours in to this game. I still feel this game is just as entertaining as ever ploughing hours of my life into this game, the issues is that the problem is that the game feel like its becoming stagnate.My love for this series has never faded i can surrender my life to the hours of heart break when you scrape the play off place to be promoted or the joy that you helped the minnows team fight on for one more season. Sadly something about the game mechanics in this addition of FM has made contemplate buying next instalment.The problem is that you see a player who scored 30+ goals playing for a opposition team and think wow im gonna buy him next season once you break the clubs bank and sell half of your in game house to get this player he about as useful speedos in the arctic, making wonder what on earth you must be doing wrong to make this player so awful.Reading other people reviews and comments it feels like not just me how have similar issues.Now dont get me wrong every game has a flaws and nothing ever perfect but certain issues never seem to be addressed and its sad that people meet these issues sometimes early on into the game turning them away from a great title. I love FM i wouldn't put 3000+ hours of my life in to this brilliant series if i thought it wasn't. I feel its the right time to voice my concerns before it gets to a point that i stop playing this game altogether.Pros.- Still life consuming- Plenty of leagues to play in allowing plenty of replayablity- The best football sim on the market with some the best realism there is on the market when comes to player abilities.- An all round great source of entertain.Cons- still a poor match engine- Lots of flaws that seem to go unnoticed- Plenty of issues with certain player valuations and the general transfer market just broken at times.- frustrating to have to bare such laziness at time from SI.My final opinion of the game is that i still love FM and ill continue to play it but i feel that im not going to rush into FM18 this year because without some real changes i may look for new alternatives."
,Recommended,482730,34660387,Posted: 1 September,all,Conor,Awesome
76561198086221414,Recommended,482730,28053092,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Jackie Chen,Haters gonna hate
,Recommended,482730,35443391,Posted: 3 October,all,AL_TIGE,Good ..
76561197993518143,Not Recommended,482730,35455542,Posted: 3 October,all,BEN_B,"Absolute trash. Compleetly biased and unrealistic. Ridiculously stupid user team AI that never, EVER follows the  instructions you set out (regardless of 'teamwork' or any other irrelevant stat).2-0 up with 10mins to play? How about 2-2, one of your defenders gives away a penalty and gets a red card.1-0 down? How about all your midfields try hollywood shots from outside the box.Can't say I've EVER seen a direct free kick scored. Correction - come even close.I played 2012 anbd lasted almost 50 season - was pretty much the most fun I've ever had with a Football Manager game (One save only). This is a disgrace to the name and has somehow removed all the fun from the franchise. Congratulations.(Probably still gonna try 2018)"
76561198051332150,Not Recommended,482730,26408337,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,billesea,"same 2016 no much change , so dispoint."
76561198050868610,Recommended,482730,26249429,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,kabj,"Beta.Played every version from the original CM. I miss Richard Hancox.Nowadays i buy the games mostly for player research, but i do spend a few hundred+ hours every version just to test new features.This is the best version since 2014 (by a mile), and the first game i ever enjoyed playing with 3D graphics (i always liked to keep with the original CM with just using text commentary). There are still issues; too many injuries, too much player revolts for no (valid) reason, but it's getting there.Fantastic game, and highly recommended!"
76561198083069397,Not Recommended,482730,26427220,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,wyz1127,"I have bought fm from 2011-2017.I love the game, however, I dont know the reason I cannot get simple chinese version . SO,  just fxxk the company!"
76561198031392844,Not Recommended,482730,26733321,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,liuqinggang678,差评 不知道谁给你的傲慢
76561198087656793,Not Recommended,482730,29439015,Posted: 23 January,all,酒干上白鹭,Where is the promise of Chinese
,Not Recommended,482730,26285922,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Nyx,"Football manger 2017 is absolutely a superb game for those who love football strategy. However, I am still going to give them a bad review because of SI' arrogance and possible racism towards Chinese users."
76561198074864520,Not Recommended,482730,26429011,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,zhangjuiru,AM I PLAYING THE FM 2016? NOT ENOUGH UPDATES + MILES WORDS (BAD♥♥♥♥♥ = NEGATIVE REVIEW/NOT REC
,Not Recommended,482730,26133734,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,FAster Creed,"House owner decided to re-paint the house, but they have used the same colors.Also house owner asked to pay dyer only %80 of the same work done since 4 years.Pathetic.."
,Recommended,482730,26627845,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Tronting in the USA,Hopefully soon I'll MANAGE to end my life.
,Not Recommended,482730,26427842,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,#KlavanTime,I really regret buying it ..
76561198082081076,Not Recommended,482730,26285413,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,乖乖FC,it's just like a DLC of FM16.and what's the purpose of the news about translation?
76561198040061024,Not Recommended,482730,26288081,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,HM,poor miles.
76561198340227429,Not Recommended,482730,26284623,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,爱动脑筋的掉大蛋,一日不出简体中文，一日不改差评！I will not change my attitude unless SEGA realise the language pack of simplified chinese!
76561198050970725,Not Recommended,482730,26166762,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,jcmont,"No important updates comparing with last year, lost most of the licences (spanish league, for example) and too expensive...."
76561198344701693,Recommended,482730,26704820,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,zack.kimly,why are my players not able to be loan to my feeder clubs?whenever i click move to affilate club there is no response from player
76561198063430801,Not Recommended,482730,26292292,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Gene,"Just heard  Miles Jacobson from SI doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about negative comment, so here is one for free."
76561198283309783,Not Recommended,482730,28327890,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,botmanpeter,No respect for Chinese ppl at all.
76561198201650139,Not Recommended,482730,27349906,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bb120801,where is chinese?
76561198299697196,Not Recommended,482730,26495626,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,ashleygeddes89,cant get on to fm its only lettin m eon fm touch not the proper version
76561198264937618,Not Recommended,482730,29683417,Posted: 3 February,all,常威不会武功,到现在了还没有中文版，好几个月了，都玩不动。一点乐趣没有了。
,Recommended,482730,29277775,Posted: 15 January,all,Kilmister,"I really don't understand all the negative reviews for this game, but everyone is entitled to their opinion. its FM. we know its FM. we know exactly what to expect.the only issue i've had with the game is signing on and agents fees being ridiculous, but then this is the football world we live in these days so I can't really complain about that. Art imitating life i guess.lose the social feed. no one reads that same old♥♥♥♥♥♥that is all. will be playing this game for the forseeable future."
76561198081112677,Recommended,482730,26569582,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Labrynth,"This is the best FM so far. simple.Almost all the begative reviews are because there is no chinese in it.so if you like football simply get it, it's amazing."
76561198002725557,Recommended,482730,28208760,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Torgiano,"The game is very similar each year to be honest. It's a bit like Porsche's cars, they don't change a lot in looks but still seem to please quite a few people. I personally like this years game without it really surprising me. If you like football and this type of game you really should have or get it."
76561197989501576,Recommended,482730,28862152,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,CreepLicker,same as every other FM game. i've managed to get conte's tactics working and it's unbeatable on here.
76561198188628051,Not Recommended,482730,29695310,Posted: 4 February,all,熊掌,"Because of Miles, the man who break his promise , I must give negative comment.This is not about the Chinese language , just about integrity and respect."
,Not Recommended,482730,30701596,Posted: 24 March,all,lishengtaothomas,Miles.F.Jacobson
76561198315269653,Not Recommended,482730,29202887,Posted: 12 January,all,812200121,我们需要中文
76561198092450411,Not Recommended,482730,29201459,Posted: 12 January,all,soureetheone,DONT BUY THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,482730,29705738,Posted: 4 February,all,Alice in Acidland,"well, one thing i realize from played this game since cm is just buy it at 3/4 years interval, so you wont be dissapointed"
76561198128085699,Recommended,482730,30310045,Posted: 4 March,all,richardlsj,Best FM series for me... it saddens me to see the overview reviews terrorised by inappropriate users. Customers out there don't get tricked by the user reviews! FM 2017 is surely the best!
,Recommended,482730,30314648,Posted: 4 March,all,Sukuna_Seija,Hoping for Chinese (Simplified) Localisation!
76561198025684774,Not Recommended,482730,32345068,Posted: 11 June,all,njamesgordon,"Are you taking the Michael?... That when adding yourself as a manager you can't add a picture and you are forced to use a cartoon looking thing?Completely let down and have no intention of playing FM17 now over this. Seems minor but for me it breaks everything I love about the game.For example I use the old Luis Figo or Alan Shearer profile picture in previous games using their stats because they are not in the database, making it seem like I am actually in control of a NOOB manager in Luis Figo or Shearer, works well with the role play... But this cartoon rubbish kills the game for me!What a massive mistake to not even give us the option!"
76561198186656934,Not Recommended,482730,30795625,Posted: 28 March,all,a0938085910,Promised to sell 2w sets in China make game Chinesethey Later go backSo do not want to recommend
76561198055684639,Recommended,482730,34268738,Posted: 15 August,all,mrmy,Great game...playing it from the start 1993 when it was Championship Manager and after Football manager. Every time better!!!
76561198098776224,Recommended,482730,30264011,Posted: 1 March,all,ooobabysaymyname,"First time buying and playing football manager.I think most people are salty because the only major change is player database update for the price of £35But then again, if they change something then people will complain about ""it was working so well before, why did they have to change it"".I got it on sale but if you got 2016, then you can live with the same database if you don't want to buy 2017.Game wise i enjoy it, simulates well. I think it's realistic and not silly. Football can be unpredictable just like in real life, you shoot but if it don't go in, it don't go in. you dont see players complaining about the goalkeeper being too good and/or that your shots are weak. Teams with high possession doesn't mean they will win automatically."
76561198274766601,Recommended,482730,30626857,Posted: 19 March,all,sotiris_mavris,A REALLY NICE GAME ABOUT FOOTBALL COACHING...CAN BECOME VERY ADDICTIVE....I CAN'T UNDERSTAND THE NEGATIVITY ABOUT THE GAME... THOSE WHO DON'T LIKE IT MAYBE THEY DONT KNOW FOOTBALL...I LIKE IT A LOT AND I SUGGEST IT FOR BUYING...
,Recommended,482730,26129468,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Mojo Jojo,Really good game alot better than FM16
76561197979336295,Not Recommended,482730,26136122,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Mr.Breakface,Fun game as always. Love the series ever since Champ Man 2. This is the first time I'm having serious framerate issues. It isn't just the 3d engine the 2d engine is bad as well. Hopefully this is just an issue in the beta and will be fixed soon! Happily recommend the game when it's fully working
76561198091608230,Not Recommended,482730,30136061,Posted: 24 February,all,fifa16897168,"no chinese language, no  credibility !"
,Recommended,482730,29609597,Posted: 31 January,all,Cobra,♥♥♥♥ing love Matty Taylor <3
76561198024313536,Recommended,482730,32225969,Posted: 6 June,all,MIRUMIRU,Really good game and better than fm2016
76561198275001148,Not Recommended,482730,28811854,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,"1,3,7-Trimethylxanthine",Shiiiiiiiiit!
,Not Recommended,482730,33785388,Posted: 25 July,all,RavinMadd1,"Love the idea behind the games and have played several of the earileir versions but cannot reccomend the 2017 version.The graphics should be better, it's 2017 for f***s sake.The game is wildly inconsistant and your input has almost zero affect on the matches, changing tactics or formations has no affect on 1/2 of the time.Some matches are just plain rediculous, one time I had 7 yellow cards in the first 20 minutes, hit the post/crossbar 9 times and lost 5-1, replayed it and won 4-0 without changing anything.I had a defender do a back pass to another defender who was standing at the top of the box, and he stopped the ball but then just stood over it for 2 minutes, I thought the game was frozen, but the clock was still going, then a player from the other team runs up, takes it, and pokes it in past a keeper that just stood there.In the same week, Man U, Man City, Liverpool, Bayern, and Barca all fired their coaches when they were all at or near the top of their leagues.Oh and the social media page, while interesting, is extremely annoying and useless. It will stop simming the week to show me the social media page and crap that I am not subscribed to. I don't care what is happening in a different league/team on the other side of the world that doesn't involve me or any of my players.And most of all, having to pay extra to get the editor is a shameless money grab, and SI should refund the money that people spent on it. That is something that should be included for free, especially if you are not going to do regular updates to account for transfers that occur in the same year the game is named after."
76561198015170854,Not Recommended,482730,30221740,Posted: 27 February,all,huashucheng,"Waiting for so long, still no Chinese. If it is not Chinese in March, this is my last FM。"
,Recommended,482730,32168911,Posted: 3 June,all,fragore,my favorite game :D
76561198378779438,Not Recommended,482730,31453092,Posted: 29 April,all,rasil1987,Wors FM everrrrr complete♥♥♥♥♥
76561198009682001,Recommended,482730,31520921,Posted: 3 May,all,TheDarkPassenger,"One of the most addictive and complete FM till date... Cannot believe all the negative hate... So to old fans like me of this Legendary game, stop thinking now and just play it, you will know what I'm saying is damn true, this is our same beloved game which we have played for hours and hours.... Cannot write more as I'm going back to my Champions League Semi-Final...!! Five Star Rating from my side..."
76561198050077566,Recommended,482730,30360265,Posted: 6 March,all,HotFuzz90,Not sure where all the negative reviews have come from. This game is immense and will take up all the free time you have. I have purchased Football Manager since 2011. Amazing.
76561198296278245,Not Recommended,482730,30864868,Posted: 31 March,all,Luciano Stonebanks,"I played FM 2014 for over 1000 hours and I thought that it could be better in FM 2017 BUT IT IS NOT. I can not believe that that I could selll Paco Alacacer in 55M??? Some setting of prices of players are ridiculous. Also, DOES THE GAME HAVE ANY CHANGE??? I cannot see any difference between FM 2014 and FM 2017, besides the different database fo players. Can you may any any any change, SI Game? This bring me so suck! I am Chinese, and I spend 180 RMB (30 USD) in the new FM 2017 only seeing a version with setting which is the same and that in three years ago and a relatively new database with even less authorization. Can you be just spend a little more money on the faces of players? Would you be more happy seeing the black heads of players? FM 2014 bring me good memory, also because it is released three years ago. THERE IS NO DIFFERENCE AFTER THREE YEARS!!! It is a good game three years ago, but there are too many chages in this society in three years. I am very ""HONORED"" to see a game with no real change besides the database after three years. And it sells for 180 RMB just for a change of name FROM 14 TO 17! I do not want to talk about the language, and I am NOT WE NEED CHINESE party. I study in an American university and I can understand English well. I do not need Chinese version. However, the terrible settings and minor change is enough for me to give a disapproval."
,Recommended,482730,29677138,Posted: 3 February,all,La✘us,this is awesome...built your fav team and conquer
76561198196309097,Not Recommended,482730,30237619,Posted: 28 February,all,780950285,To buy the game is to give the poor!!  Very no credit game company!The game is not as good as a year! Not recommended````Not recommended~~Not recommended
,Recommended,482730,30590612,Posted: 18 March,all,ｃｉｒｉ,"I can't recommend for people that already have fm16. But if you don't have it, i think its a good game. Not a perfect one obviously but it keeps me entertained when I played it. And that's what's important to me. And no, I'm not a veteran fm player, merely a casul at this series."
,Recommended,482730,31907122,Posted: 22 May,all,Nybor,"Addicting game, definitely worth it if you came from FM15 or earlier versions or just new to this series.If you came from FM16, then I wouldn't bother unless sales, then maybe."
76561198154867743,Recommended,482730,29679451,Posted: 3 February,all,tomcarp201,i enjoy this game a lot and is vey enjoyable. perhaps not worth the money but i would recomend this game
,Recommended,482730,29375015,Posted: 20 January,all,Stylez,An improvement on last year bar the Regen faces which are straight up terrifying this year. As addictive as ever and has incredible replay value. Easily the best £35 I spend a year. In terms of the amount of play time I get out of it it's an absolute steal!TLDR - Fantastic game well worth the price tag.
,Recommended,482730,30535026,Posted: 15 March,all,No Fourth Wall,"I buy this game every year.  Brilliantly deep, requires you to think about what you're doing tactically, and consider the strengths and weaknesses of individual players when developing your plan for a match.  If you keep doing the same thing tactically, teams will figure out how to play against you, making games interesting even if you're clearly superior from a talent standpoint.Love it."
76561197963170593,Recommended,482730,30817211,Posted: 29 March,all,The Phantom Blot,"Detailed, complex, realistic, and borderline unplayable unless you have real life knowledge of football tactics."
,Recommended,482730,26528003,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Heisenberg,"After couple month (beta and now after final release) playing this game, I do really enjoy this game, it's officially my first time playing FM game, and I am so impress!!!"
76561198042050340,Recommended,482730,31320089,Posted: 23 April,all,jaimz1995,Played every fm game since 2011 easily the game/games I've spent the most hours on my steamIn my opinion best fm since I started playing them if you don't enjoy complex games I'd say play the phone version as if you play it in it's full complex it can be abit confusing but then again that's why you play it
76561198001105265,Recommended,482730,26403445,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Gav110,"Excellent! Superb series, this year's edition no exception."
76561198052060830,Not Recommended,482730,29806677,Posted: 9 February,all,dlevaron,yapacağınız oyunu skym ben gidiyorum.
76561198050170667,Recommended,482730,30039484,Posted: 19 February,all,CAM LFC 2017,The same game with a new database yeah!!..... huge improvements needed for me to continue purchasing the seriesDIFFERENT YEAR SAME GAME!
76561197984354642,Recommended,482730,31799814,Posted: 16 May,all,Goughy_7,Got to the World Cup Semi's with China. Dominated Asia with Guangzhou Evergrande. Got Bristol City into the Europa League. Haven't seen the sun for 4 days and counting. Lost all feeling in legs. Wondering what rating my bedrooms youth academy is.This game?Is good.
76561198018491506,Recommended,482730,26118610,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Adivit,"amazing game. crispier,faster and overall better than FM16 or previous version. Chinese players stop whining please and ruining the overall rating of the game... If you don't like the game then refund it and leave, Sports Interactive never promised to bring Chinese language support.."
76561198095955861,Recommended,482730,26405929,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,oliboy,"I'm still holding on to the hope that they can bring the match engine back closer to the quality of fm 2015. There are just way to many kinks in this one. Penalties are very hard to convert while crosses are impossible to defend against (just get a good target man and two good wingers and you can upset any opposing team). My chances of converting a cross is actually much higher compared to penalties. Defensive midfielders are almost always guaranteed to get carded everygame and teams that get stuck in injure their opponents often while conceding far too few fouls.Regardless, I still like this game because of then w features, but the match engine is what's supposed to make or break this game. I hope they can find a way to finally fix it on the official release."
76561198193613926,Not Recommended,482730,33705760,Posted: 21 July,all,sleeping_today,Pure crap.
76561198056909654,Not Recommended,482730,33722359,Posted: 22 July,all,craigmush,♥♥♥♥♥online
,Recommended,482730,28918804,Posted: 1 January,all,"Prederick C. Prederson, Esq","It's fine. There are ever only marginal improvements in yearly release sports games, and FM 17 does that. You could easily skip this year, but buying it won't be a letdown either. If you're looking for HUGE changes, you'll need to wait 3-5 years between releases.That said, it's FM game, and it does FM stuff, with some recent tweaks and updates. Outside of the fact that it's still doesn't represent how central Ronaldo/Messi are to their clubs (or their goalscoring prowess) I have few complaints."
76561198060452790,Recommended,482730,31557463,Posted: 5 May,all,Wh1teW1dow^,GoodGame dont believe the chinese
,Recommended,482730,35062572,Posted: 19 September,all,MachineGunner #WarHoaX,Fine
,Recommended,482730,26523540,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,calum7w,"Good game, a few tweaks and updates from last year to make the game more immersive. Love the new stats addition that has replaced the prozone this year. Still in pre-season of my Plymouth Argyle save so it's early doors. I'm sure there will be lots more to discover as I get more and more into the game. Love the new gigahertz boost or whatever it is. But the game has been made to run much quicker. No more waiting ten minutes for the game to save or 'continue'."
,Recommended,482730,34763421,Posted: 5 September,all,jamal,I like spreadsheets.
76561198074450871,Recommended,482730,35304804,Posted: 29 September,all,shanestephenson3,"If you are expecting fifa type graphics, cant take losing then dont buy any football manager game.  they should scrap the 3D match engine so much better with the old fashioned 2D pitch and runs a lot smoother.  My advice to people that are new to the game just be patient because you wont get success straight away you have to build your youth players up and develop your tactics and look at how your opponents line up.  people expecting the older version of champ manager but they have made getting your tactics right a lot more important."
76561198236690626,Not Recommended,482730,30880507,Posted: 1 April,all,842871081,"no translet ,no chinese"
,Recommended,482730,26577056,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Speedbird,"a lil bit of improvement from 2016's version., but none that will take away the essence of Football Manager itself. some people want more from what they pay every year but i think losing FM's core & integrity is much more worse. i wanted more from this year's version but im satisfied enough with their improvement."
,Recommended,482730,27434737,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,东北大婶 CSOFFER.ME,"It's good, but it could be better, but you'll always want to play more"
,Recommended,482730,26993181,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Edheng,"Do you like the ""Football Manager"" series? If you do, you'll like this.Did you hate the ""Football Manager"" series? If you did, you won't like this.I like the football manager series and therefore I like this.Small adjustments from last year's game makes this one feel familiar but different.Now...just one more game."
76561198171944374,Not Recommended,482730,29203930,Posted: 12 January,all,micharl18,FM 17 is a addictive game but there are problems like too many injuries and the transfer like selling the clubs wants low money for a good player its not as good as 16.
76561198362177013,Not Recommended,482730,32481829,Posted: 16 June,all,kierandrew1234,.lmerwlrm
,Recommended,482730,32864741,Posted: 27 June,all,dbg,nice game
76561197968311807,Recommended,482730,27842483,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,C. Lukas,No need to write long statement for gamers for this game.
,Recommended,482730,33071181,Posted: 30 June,all,Se7eN,Coach AC MilanBuy Belotti???Profit
76561198046141964,Recommended,482730,28365253,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,everything_must_go,Game is decent. Enjoy the manager graphics. Needs to make a bigger jump soon though - not changed massively since 09! Used to get big jumps Cm 01/02 - Cm 4 for example.
,Recommended,482730,33065353,Posted: 30 June,all,Grandpa,good
,Recommended,482730,32272519,Posted: 8 June,all,kTo,"Boss game, love it.Had the game a week and got 50 hours so far, in my opinion players seem to score goals from further out more often compared to previous versions of fm, you see ""worldy"" goals more often from the more star players of teams too which is nice."
76561197991352616,Recommended,482730,30766019,Posted: 26 March,all,Glenn Tennis,"If you want to run every aspect of a club and be held to the unfair standards of a real life football manager, this is great. If you want to just play and win games and not focus on scouting/finances/interpersonal relationships, get FIFA. Scouting is improved, work permits are improved (though hard once Brexit kicks in if you manage in the UK), staff roles are improved. It's not 10000x better than last years but there is tangible progress from SI. If you're already a fan of FM it's worth it, and if you want to immerse yourself into the football world to learn about the sport and the industry it's worth it."
,Recommended,482730,32261429,Posted: 7 June,all,Counterpart7,Pro_TipClose MSI Afterburner before launching this game.Thank me later <3
,Recommended,482730,31931768,Posted: 24 May,all,drumguh,This good game for good men...
,Recommended,482730,27255584,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Burt Macklin,no chinese omg (-_-)
76561198084714639,Not Recommended,482730,29182684,Posted: 11 January,all,max10,No Chinese No Good
76561198044016870,Not Recommended,482730,26252892,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Yatta!,"I wrote a positive review previously in which I critized those who didnt like it due to the fact that it didnt support chinese language and I still stand by that opinion. If you want chinese language write e-mails to the developers or spam the forums/community hubs and hopefully they'll notice, it's a large market they're missing out on.But my second point in my old review was that it had improved on almost every area....But I was wrong, oh boy, was I wrong.There are only a few ""memorable"" additions to the game as a whole that I can remember. Some new clauses(is that what it's called?) and now you can hire some new staff who will give you ""advanced stats"" and some new animations but what do animations matter when your players still ""ice-skate""? 'So if you have an older fotball manager and you're thinking about buying this one, dont. The changes from FM 16 are not big enough to justify this pricetag.But if you are thinking about buying your first football manager game then buy this.But til the next release Im expecting alot more from SI and I especially want them to improve the match engine and the tactical overview.And dont listen to the people complaining about conceding alot of goals or having alot of injuries, they dont know what they're doing.TL;DR Buy this game if you're new to the series despite the (at first) overwhelming interface and remember to download mods.Don't buy this game if you're expecting an overhauled follow-up to FM16."
,Not Recommended,482730,28965608,Posted: 2 January,all,马中马之最后一马,thie game is  rubbish
,Recommended,482730,26910673,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Crazy Joe,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,482730,33036454,Posted: 30 June,all,sosispanggang,addicted
76561198352347276,Recommended,482730,29709314,Posted: 4 February,all,blanco7178,please can you update and debug this game
,Recommended,482730,27743536,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,James Hay,If you liked the prievious games you will like this
76561198090689286,Recommended,482730,28848377,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,thitipong.au,Very good and very fun football manager
76561198097955094,Recommended,482730,29671450,Posted: 3 February,all,jackhall190,when is  the winter update ouy
76561198088607403,Recommended,482730,31557749,Posted: 5 May,all,Prime,Need more update
76561198018040592,Recommended,482730,32089518,Posted: 31 May,all,MagicalBindi,dece
76561198006667712,Recommended,482730,26183760,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Littlekilb,Same good old football manager with added info from staff helping alot more then before dont see why people are hating on it
76561198276370980,Recommended,482730,26354912,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,gbradley.sia,Game improves and gets more in-depth every year. Never fails to disapoint! 10/10
76561198000222527,Recommended,482730,32016627,Posted: 28 May,all,[RFA] The DuDe,"I wrote a review the last couple of years, and it wasnt very complimetary. and quite rightly so. I have been playing this game since 2010, when the public in the stadium was no more then carton board pieces of paper, so i think i can talk about this. Besides... i had a discount on this version...First thing i noticed was,  that i couldnt use my manager picture, i had used all these years.. and that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. Instead of that.. i had to create a utterly ugly puppet for a manager, that may be cool to them.. but not to me.Lukily i am ugly too.. so it wasnt all to hard to make a standard manager... besides.. in game you only see it from a distance... which is a blessing..But are you serious SI ?... no manager picture ?... I will tell you now.. i will not pre order the next FM.. and i will wait untill i am sure i can use a manager picture, or i will simply not buy the next FM. and that will be the first time since 2010, and you will lose of regular customer... Not that you care... i suppose. But lose enough of them.. and you will have to trade your BMW for a VW...And that while there is room in this edition of FM for a picture, which you cant use... typical SI humor... Next installment you better have a reasonalby sized manager picture SI...  or i am done with your humor. Consider yourself warned !!.The game itself has mostly done with the 100000000 times ofside bug...it still it isnt perfect. but its a satisfactory improvement...However... the ""lets injure his best player before an important game""  joke, obviously hasnt got old for SI either... It did however for me.. 3 YEARS AGO... So i am using an external trainer to countermeasure SI's sence of humor...With that trainer, (FMRTE), Football Manager 2017 is finally becoming a good game... it looks great, hardly ever crashes Plays welll.. tactics work, and with that, i can finally become the most hated, but fooking best manager this sorry world has never had the plasure of knowing...All in all.. and with the fact that there isnt any competition for this game... i will give this game a thumbs up... If only to pester the Chinese.. however i fully simphatise with their cause... guess SI's sence of humor rubbed off on me. But... FM 2017 has more moments of fun for me...  then moments of SI's sick sence of humor...But do yourself a favor.. IF you buy this game, buy FMRTE as well... you will need it... and trust me... you will thank me later."
76561198067809477,Recommended,482730,26127290,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Topzion,A fantastic game!
76561198021985836,Recommended,482730,26341477,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,a.mouleser,I Have played all the football manager  games way back to 2010 and before was champ manager this is by far the best football manager game that they have made match engine a lot beter than 16 I would def buy this game if your thinking bout it
76561198080851998,Recommended,482730,26126925,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Millers_Fan,"The price is a bit steep if your unsure about the game but if you get into the game then it's well worth the money, but make sure you will get into it"
76561198033316310,Recommended,482730,29801484,Posted: 9 February,all,sellbooks,fantastic great graphics improvement on earlier versions
76561198002612439,Recommended,482730,26125539,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,cymro1,"A couple of initial comments on the beta. You can no longer see the coach/assistant manager's potential and current ability star ratings by hovering over a player's ""i"" information button. This was really useful to get a quick idea from the squad screen of who might be declining or improving. I've also noticed that you no longer see the coaches stats when deciding which coaches to give advice on topics like training in the backroom advice section of responsibilities in the staff menu. This was useful because you didn't have to memorise your staff's attributes or jump back and forth to the staff's information page to know who to allocate to what activity. Two things removed that have made the experience worse....."
76561198002560613,Recommended,482730,26138549,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Superpootin,"Pretty good. More evolution than revolution this time, with smaller changes rather than something major. I find the match engine slightly better, and much of the media revamp is very good (I like the social media idea and am looking to see how it's developed in future)."
,Recommended,482730,30007997,Posted: 18 February,all,✪ jonniec08,No idea why the game is getting so much hate? It's 10x better the FM16. It's much less buggy and you don't concede bullsh*t goals like you did in FM16. The match engine is much more polished this year!
76561198182701662,Recommended,482730,26348568,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,ajay.r.bhat,"Been a long time player of the game from FM2005 and have played FM16 extensively as wellThe 30 minute video that Miles put up before the BETA was launched was interesting and I decided to buy the game .There may be people who term this game as a skin of FM16 but I would say its much more than that .The game feels crisper and there have been improvements in the 3d engine . Please do not expect FIFA level graphics on the 3d engine . I am just happy that its an improvement .The engine , hmm . Last years overpowered fullbacks are gone , gone are the times when the fullbacks would give you 15 assists per season .Tactics of FM16 don't work in FM17 . The analysis part has hugely improved . I love the match analysis report that your coach gives you before the start of the game and also tells you about how the opposition played in the last game . It adds a new dimension to the game as you know which players to target and where majorly their goals will come fromAlso the heatmap is a good indicator to show where your team is playing majorly and where it needs improvement .The social media interaction is also pretty good I must say . It certainly isn't fantastic but its a good start . You love it when it first appears , after that its the same lines over and over again apart from a few funny ones in the middle .I would love if they keep adding new lines of texts with smaller updates to keep this social media interaction fresh .Training - Didn't see much of a change in the training but I would have loved to see a bit more control on them . In today's age , training methods of different managers are how they play the game . I would love to be able to do that and assess players in training and then decide on my squad on how a particular person trains that week .The interface is pretty smooth . Smooth transitions and easy accessibility to menus which I really like .All in all its been good so far , apart from a few bugs which will be sorted by the time the full game comes out .I am going with 3.5/5 to the game . It isnt necessarily 16 but it just does enough to differentiate between 16 . Also nothing pathbreaking ,but you will indeed have a lot of fun playing this game ."
76561198016305648,Recommended,482730,32974740,Posted: 28 June,all,Rez Cortez,Ruining my sleep... Highly recommended!
,Recommended,482730,32680276,Posted: 23 June,all,XiaoKappa,"SI runs on a very little budget. People need to remember that. These series of games are some of my favourite of all time. Collectively, I've put thousands of hours into them. If people want to complain about the content being the same then I refer them to complain about FIFA: A boring, contentless minefield of kids. Those games deserve to be complained about far more than this game does.I understand the bugs and glitches that this game has, and aren't fond of them myself. But people keep forgetting that the company doesn't have the budget of a huge franchise and they still try to give us the best game possible. Every year, Football manager will only get better. We didn't have 3D matches in Football manager only a few years ago, now we do.Yes, I'm biased and am a Football Manager fanboy. I will remain loyal to this game. But this is because my love for the game is from years and years of entertainment that I can get from no other source. This game is like nothing else. The amount of depth this game has, with such a little budget, is phenominal. Companies with huge budget can't even release a percentage of the content that Football Manager holds within. And this is something I'm disappointed in with the community. SI don't get enough credit for what they've created. A thoughtful, in-depth, tactical, analytical brilliance. All of this run on a small budget, compared to a game created by Ubisoft or Activision.I, for one, will continue to purchase and enjoy the games because I have faith that they will endeavour to improve and expand on the enormous amount of content that's already included. I love this game and would recommend to any person that loves endless hours of strategy and tactical analysis."
,Recommended,482730,32847706,Posted: 27 June,all,.Magnus,Yh
76561198042659233,Not Recommended,482730,34125417,Posted: 9 August,all,gastonpastrano,WHAT IS UP WITH THE TERRIBLE LAG DURING MATCHES!?!?!?! My computer can run pretty heavy games with medium to high graphic settings but cant run Football Manager with low graphics?? Waste of money
,Recommended,482730,27455368,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,smws,"The best game in the series yet, period."
,Recommended,482730,32217632,Posted: 6 June,all,savito135,Looks like FM 16 ... I would prefer if in FM18 there are some big changes
,Recommended,482730,30354516,Posted: 6 March,all,andy.mcc97,"Great game, never tire of playing it."
,Recommended,482730,33432428,Posted: 10 July,all,Rick Sanchez,"♥♥♥♥♥♥kova peli, kannattaa ostaa vaikka onkin aika kallis!"
,Recommended,482730,33768009,Posted: 24 July,all,ＹＵＮＧ 京 ＤＲＩＬＯ,10/10
,Recommended,482730,27456885,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,No country for old men,"good game, not changed enough from older versions though. match engine could use a big over haul next year."
76561198020583478,Recommended,482730,28136614,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Hamsome,"FM just gets better and better!!! With so many available leagues and clubs around, you can never get bored with the game. Really love the MATCH ENGINES, SO SO REALISTIC!!! Thumbs up for any soccer fans around the world."
76561198352591967,Recommended,482730,31780444,Posted: 15 May,all,KDB,This game is very good but ingame play for goalkeeper action engine is so bad plz fix this in game playsthanks for SEGA
76561198002661689,Recommended,482730,27484693,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PappaKeno,Not so much new but I still love the game! <3
76561198010262195,Recommended,482730,31769757,Posted: 15 May,all,t0ma77,Good!
,Recommended,482730,26407952,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,its_craig_ford,"Love the game this year! The squad depth screen is much improved, as are youth team reports. The idea of having fitness tests too are a really good addition.To everyone complaining, don't call yourself a massive fan and then cry about the game, what's the point? If you are a huge loyal fan, don't run away now, keep the loyalty up."
76561197978838773,Recommended,482730,34977840,Posted: 15 September,all,thanoulas,Please send help
,Recommended,482730,31360808,Posted: 25 April,all,ngn.productions,very similar to previous versions but no real problems for me at the moment
76561198007262673,Recommended,482730,26523162,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,dibdob93,"Not played a new FM since 2014 so can't comment on any similarity to last year. That said I'm really enjoying this year's version. Things like the social feed, the introduction of sports scientists/data analysts is interesting and I hope it's built upon to add a new dimension to the game."
76561198051255661,Not Recommended,482730,31019649,Posted: 8 April,all,Ginazan,"Dear SI, put this game into yours ...whatever."
76561198082123229,Recommended,482730,31026604,Posted: 8 April,all,Mr.Sweetpea,best football game ever!
,Recommended,482730,33393045,Posted: 8 July,all,Rocket,this game is awesome!!!
,Recommended,482730,32278619,Posted: 8 June,all,Styr,"I like this game. Yeah it is not perfect, it doesn't have fancy graphics, effects, menu music etc. But the game itself is addictive. I certainly recommend this game to players who are up for feeling how to be a manager. There is also great community who supports the game in every way. Even discussing tactics with them is great. This is not an easy sport game that you push a couple of buttons and score a goal. You have to learn it, experience it, be patient with it and you will have fun in no time."
76561198046953310,Recommended,482730,34088202,Posted: 7 August,all,robc3107,I buy fm every year and can comforatbly say this seasons game is the best since fm11
76561198134169420,Recommended,482730,33615946,Posted: 17 July,all,Jamis,Good Game
76561198051433410,Recommended,482730,26526250,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,TaciturnDan,Far from perfect in it's early stages but improvments on last years. One of the better releases for a good few years
,Recommended,482730,35046203,Posted: 18 September,all,ChrisF1019,"Fantastic game, great for football fans, takes skill to win games, very close to the real thing (being a football manager). Lots of different tactics you can choose for your team to use as the playstyle on the pitch. All the different leagues and players are included in the game."
,Recommended,482730,34862995,Posted: 10 September,all,Dwight K. Schrute,"Most will say it's the same thing as FM16, but it's still one of the best game if you love football and want something WAY more realistic than FIFA."
,Recommended,482730,34900494,Posted: 12 September,all,ivanm777,Very good and addictive.
76561198349580283,Recommended,482730,35081551,Posted: 20 September,all,figerh.ardegon,Good game from Sega. More reality football and I like it.
76561198353880508,Recommended,482730,35225099,Posted: 26 September,all,maxr2510,"Went through one phase where i loved this game but gets repetitive and boring after a while (my 300 hour save with port vale,fulham and west ham) The AI is garbage, i could have 35 shots with 20 on target and they could have 1 shot on target and they would probably win 1-0 ( their goal wouldve probably been my keeper letting a simple pass through his legs which has actually happened to me before.Crosses at the near post are far to overpowered as well."
76561198063306248,Recommended,482730,34860956,Posted: 10 September,all,The Eldest,"The game is actually very interesting and super addictive if you are starting it frest without playing any of the other FM's for the past few years. The game does have some flaws, too many post hitting incidents, players being unhappy all the ♥♥♥♥ing time, and losses in games that we were expected to win.But that's football."
,Recommended,482730,34154945,Posted: 10 August,all,iAlwee_,"I love the game, i play online w/ my friend and oh god so addictive but frustating some times jeje, good game, will buy the next one"
,Recommended,482730,26243625,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,schmellyfinger,I really enjoy the lack of Asian languages
,Not Recommended,482730,26432797,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,DOG GAMER,its pretty garbage
76561198118485898,Recommended,482730,26430617,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Adcid,"**WARNING LONG POST AND A BIT OF A RANT ON THE COMMUNITY, MY THOUGHTS AT THE END**This game should be used as an example to why steam needs to put in a min 10 hours of game time before you can review a game. Now I'm still new to the FM scene, played FM14, heard bad things about 15 so skipped that, got 16 but didn't play it until the march update (got it in a sale) and bought this game on release, so I haven't got the same knowledge of the engine as most other people. The point being the engine isn't that bad, people complaining about conceding loads of goals because of bad goalkeeping CHANGE YOUR GOALIE THEN! Or better yet sell the♥♥♥♥♥♥one, ride the storm and sell them in the next window as you know keepers just lose form.Right now onto the Chinese players, you don't know what's going on in the background, they might have had licence issues with China as they have very different laws to other countries to do with copy rights (if you're from there you should know that and know better than to let that cloud your judgement). If you had of waited just two weeks you could've picked up a language pack from the store which people have been working very hard on to make for you cry babies.Lastly and sort of related to my one of my first points, the game is in it's early days, you haven't mastered a formation yet, I managed to get a 4-4-2 diamond to work for me most of the season but that was what suited my team and my style of playing. You trying the formation you were using last FM and expecting to win 6-0 every game (which is what the formation I used in FM16 was like) then you're doing it wrong and the devs did something right!My overall thoughts on the game: Pretty fun, got Leicester to 4th in the league in my first season, got to the Qtr finals of the Champions league and won the FA cup, Vardy netted a record 36 goals in the league playing as a Poacher. So all in all not a bad first season with my own Tactic (been a sucker to copy tactics from the store as I'm bad at making tactics)"
76561197977786334,Recommended,482730,26493424,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,TeknoTel,"TL:DR All the bad reviews are from people who suck at the game or are lying about what has been changed.Felt I should write a review to counter balance the complete crap being written by obviously stupid and illiterate people. This review is for those of you who enjoyed the game over the last few years and don't believe that you losing games is a bug like the most of the people crying in here.Basically people seem to be crying about doing badly in the game. Guess what. They are not very good at the game. Plain and simple. Why do footballers go in and out of form? Why did Hazard not show up for Mourihno last year, yet looks like one of the worlds best this year? Why did Vardy get top goal scorer last year and this year has only scored one from a penalty and was dropped for his last game? How did Leicester win the league last year and Chelsea finish mid table. Why are newly promoted RB Liepzig top of Bundesliga right now?Football is a funny old game and more often than not the unexpected happens. Fm 2017 is realistic in the sense that anything is possible and it works both ways. However FM2017 is still a game and is not reality, therefore there are ways to play the game well and do your best. Firstly I would like to prove a large part of the noob tears wrong very very simply. People are crying about losing and bad runs of form. Many of these people claim it is been the same for a long time and others say it is a bug..... lol. Explain this then:https://sortitoutsi.net/records/table/130/fm2016-most-league-games-without-losingThere are many stats I could pull to prove my point but this is enough. How can it be possible that the game is bugged so you start losing after x amount of games or whatever, people saying they have 30 shots every game with 6 clear cut chances but never score. But if someone else can win EVERY single premier league game then out of the window goes your theory.Thats all I have to say on that aspect of the bad reviews. This game is not just about tactics, just like in real football management this game is largely about managing the players. One guy in his review talks about drinking game rules one of his rules are:'Every time someone complains about a player wanting first team football drink'Yes like this is an issue... Obviously players want to play first team football unless they are youth or reserve players who have been signed on a backup contract. I mean are you for real?Players need managing. That is why this is a football management simulation and it encompasses all aspects of football management and imo it is sometimes scarily realisitic. People just buy players with good stats without having fully scouted the player, considering impact on the squad and without knowing his personality. You might get lucky sometime but more often and not you are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the wind and it could end up anywhere.Now onto the lies. Match engine and graphics are a reasonable improvement from last year for certain. Anyone saying otherwise is lying. If you played enough from last year you know the game engine bugs:- Heavy focus on flanks (FB's and WGs assists and goals a bit unbalanced).- Defender passes back to keeper and missed for a corner almost every time from wide with no pressure.These were the main noticeable ones for me and I am sure there are more. The first one is gone 100% and so far the distibuton seems more even across the pitch but I havent played enough yet to know for sure. however I can 100% say there is improvement and graphics are definitely a little better.The UI is a big improvement almost every critic agrees on that. It is a lot cleaner and clearer imo.Honestly I havent played enough of the game so far. But as someone who had a lot of success in FM2016 and enjoyed it so far, all I can see is more tools and features in this game to help me get the best out of my team and my players.The truth is not hard to see here. I could have pulled one of any review here but please consider Ajays review right now it is second one down. He lists bullet points on why the game is bad. Over half of them are just about him losing and being bad. How can you write a review with 7 negative bullet point where 4 of them are the same thing. Ok we get it you suck really hard and are salty. It is not a bug you just havent worked out how to be good yet. Half of the negative reviews are all like this.'I sucked in fm2016 and now I suck in fm2017, f*** you SI, bad game'. Thats basically it.This is why I enjoy the recent FM's. I used to be the same, winning 10 games in a row then losing every game for the rest of the season before being sacked. But I worked out eventually I was just bad and not playing the game well. Trial and error improved my game a lot and in my last game before FM2017 I took coventry to Premier League from L1 and in Championship I got to semi final of FA Cup beating West Ham, Man U and Liverpool on the way. Chelsea knocked me out.In case some of you are actually interested in getting better here are some tips which helped me improve a lot:- Get the best out of your players, select good positions and roles. Train them properly. Encourage them in games, don't be quick to get aggressive or criticise them. Build them up!- Look at there traits NOT JUST THERE STATS. Buy players who fit in. Look for high determination always.- Use your scouts properly. Srsly I didnt even used to scout, scout targets to full knowledge. Get a good scouting team up as quickly as possible.- Dont always blame tactics. I generally played the same tactics throughout my successfull spells. It is usually player motivation or player management that leads to under performance. As I said, encourage them develop good relationship, really important to get the best out f players.- Consistency and big game performers are important. Look at who is consistent and who is not, who is up for the big games and who is not. Your lineup should reflect this.- Training. Make sure your team are fit and ready to go at on opening day of league. Train your tactics intensively before season starts.- Don't buy too many players at once!!! Trust your squad, players take time to gel and a lot of the time the board has little tolerance of failure. Dont buy 15 players and expect to immediately perform, might take a season or two.- Watch your games. Order touchline commands, change tactics to reflect scoreline and performance. I always have either full match or comprehensive highlights. You can see when things arent working and change them. Always check player body language panel. I always have it open. If a player looks uninterested tell him to concentrate! Take him off he carries on with his attitude.- Stand your ground with players. My best player wanted to move to a bigger club when we were in Championship with Coventry in FM2016. He kept copmplaining and asked if he could go. He had 12.5 mil release clause and I told him he would only be sold for the right price which was his release clause fee. He got angry and said he was going to cause problems with squad. Squad came to me and asked why I was doing this and I basically told them I am not being held to ransom by any player and to get on with there jobs. They all reacted extremely positively and were on my side. about a wekk or two later the player dropped his conerns and now wants to stay.There are so many more but the last one really shows how important man management is in this game. Judging your squad and players based on their traits and make decisions accordingly. If anyone would like anything else explained please ask and I will do my best. I have owned every single football manager from 1993 on floppy disk so i have a lot of experience.The only thing I will agree with is injuries do seem like they need the frequency tweaking a little and guess what there are already mods to change this to your preference."
,Recommended,482730,26439983,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Coke Ennyday,"I played a bit of this years FM, and i gotta say, even though there a few negatives they should work on there is definitly more positives, making this game better than 2016 edition IMO.Starting from the improved match engine, the de-complexification of the UI, the addition of the social feed (useless but entertaining to read nonetheless)  more staff roles and functions and overall improved realism of the managerial experience, and ending on the balancing of player roles ending with the overpowered BS of last years right and left back crosses that made the game ultra easy.The only gripes i have with the game is the lack of innovative features like i would love to be able to do something significant with the wages of my manager, make him buy stuff and have a lil bit of life simulation to it (a bit in the vein of fifa manager back in the day). Plus the licensing is absurd, just too few licenses it wouldnt be too much of an affort by the developer to just go out and buy some licenses cause hey they charge 55 euros for the game. Apart from that im loving the game.would say 7/10"
76561198339050838,Not Recommended,482730,26351542,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,lawrence1984,i don't understand how it worked one day then the next I cant open it as it says cant open client boot strapper and they have little to no customer support very disappointed will wait an buy the disk next time!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,482730,26640400,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,GMH,中文版在哪里？？？官方欺骗消费者！！！
,Recommended,482730,26116937,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Daftlapin,"Great game. So far I love the fact that it doesn't have a Chinese version. Blah blah blah blah Chinese version. Num num num num num Chinese version. What a great nonaddition, Chinese version. I can't imagine that many people would be concerned with the Chinese version anyways"
,Not Recommended,482730,26285557,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ianua,SI: Keep calm and blame SEGA
,Recommended,482730,26494437,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Scared Potter? YOU WISH,"Mostly negative reviews yet doesn't stop people logging hours and hours of their days in to this completly ""broken terrible game""even if you click on some of the worst reviews their on right now playing away its laughable....So many negative reviews yet its still one of the most played games on steam right at this moment.Game is great for anyone wanting to buy it, new animations and various tweaks around the UI have improved the game for the better. Nothing wrong with the match engine either if your keeper is none existant then you are doing something wrong tactically cause I have been playing through and like most FM's I win around 75-80% of my games currently in 4th season after achieving an invincble season with man utd my first since I started FM."
76561198061632308,Recommended,482730,26118277,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,BLJ15,"""This game isn't in Chinese"" *Thumbs Down*IT'S IN BETA so there are problems and maybe somethings missing but they will be fixed before the official release. It's good so far."
,Recommended,482730,26489678,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Interstellar,"So hey everyone. I bought this game long ago, just about when pre-order became availiable. I have always been a fan of the series, and played, more or less, all versions of football management simulators, including Football Manager itself, Championship Manager, FIFA manager and some online management games.I didn't play much before release. Then, just before the official release itself, saw the reviews, and wondered, whoa, it can't be that bad. Years in gaming taught me that if you like the series, 99% of the time you will like the new game regardless of what others say in their feedback. And FM 17 definitely isn't the game that can fall into the remaining 1%.I actually liked FM 16, even though the match system was a little bit broken.In FM 17, everything became much better.To name a few things:1. The ""Match/Opponent Analysis"" message gets you updated and quickly informed on what to expect from your next opposition or how did your team fare last game. This is very useful.2. Less complaints about playing time.3. Much better match engine and players behaviour.4. Social feed, I love it!5. More ingame editor options, a nice additionI guess what many old timers don't understand is that the game is becoming more realistic, while most expected some kind of ""advancement"" in strengths of FM 13-15 while these strenghts were never close to real life. I read a lot of negative about the ""perfect counterattacks"" and ""losing to teams you cant lose to"", but look at the actual football going around. Barca loses to Celta three years in a row, english top teams actually fall to these perfect counterattacks, even ever-victorious Bayern loses points stupidly.There is a huge importance in what I call ""complacency factor"", and the game demonstrates it extremely well!To enjoy FM 17 - if you are an old timer - you have to change your attitude towards the game and think of it as a comupter representation, though a little simplified in terms of social communications, of real-life management. Transfer & loan systems, tactics and behavior help to do it. Sure, there are negatives about FM 17, but its the best game in the series to date.If you are new player and want to try yourself as a football team manager, this is definitely a must. Easy to learn, hard to play properly.Don't listen to haters and enjoy the game.P.S. As far as price as concerned, I 1) dont think it shall apply to a game review at all 2) mind how much workforce you need to complete all these databases!"
76561198322732840,Not Recommended,482730,26287555,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,444652912,Produced by racist
76561198013520987,Recommended,482730,26323855,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,BloodNGutz,"I still love these games.. i have played since CM00-01 and have only missed 2 versions since...Everybody thiks that this game will be COMPLETELY different year after year, but that's insane..I personally love the fact that it does'nt change drasticly each year..It's easy to adjust a little and people talking about injuries and stuff.. Just look up real injuries in the Premier League and such...And in real life players also demand higher wages now a days, transfers are higher... Don't complain because it's TO realistic.Fan since 2000 and always will be!!"
,Recommended,482730,26126717,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Ally,"8 Hours in, still haven't decided who to manage.Best.FM.Ever."
,Recommended,482730,26213469,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,t0m_h1gg1ns,"Overall I really like the improved areas I've seen so far, Improved match engine, more interaction with agents/players, manager setup etc.. There are however problems with player wages and club transfer budgets, every player, no matter how bad wants 100k+,  I play with Everton (COYB) and this season, Koeman was given 100+ mill transfer budget and any players sold add to that, when I started with them I was only given 45mil with the inclusion of players already bought sold in the real world yet not reflected in the transfer budget etc and any players I sell I only get a fraction of the price to re-use.. I know this is specific to a single team, but even still you would expect those things to be down to a tee. Also injuries happen so so much, pre season I lost 2 of my new signings and 3 key players and lastly some of the results are unrealistic, my first game was against Leicester and they was up by 4 goals in 20 mins, my team had a good proven tactical setup and was completely destroyed...These things mentioned do need looking at, and my review does seem really negative but it's still a good improvement on all other things and I cannot wait for the full release!"
,Recommended,482730,26159406,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,zahed27,"not a big update from 2016 version, but currently the best football manager game yet"
76561198078977431,Not Recommended,482730,26293652,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,.::K::.,well... this is for the attitude of SI management...
,Recommended,482730,28862661,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,jerebwic,"I wasn't willing to write a review but seeing all the hate this game has been receiving i changed my mind.I've been playing FM since the 2007 version and it's one of the best since then. They made the 3D engine a lot more realistic ( Keepers are better, wingers are better, crosses are not overpowered anymore ...), they reworked stats, tactics, transfers ( even though the social media feed is a little useless you're not forced to watch it)It's a lot better than FM2016 and that's what we ask for, of course they are not going to change the game but improve it, and regarding how much time and people play this game, you must not hesitate to buy this game (50€ for at least 500h is cheap, when i see people paying 60€ for a 5h long game)You'll find 2 kinds of people complaining about the game:- Chinese kids complaining the game isn't in their language (Although they still bought the game, probably only to write a negative review)- People complaining there are not enough new features in the gameIf you're a FM fan like me, rush and don't hesitate, your money will be well spent"
76561198326221709,Not Recommended,482730,29313555,Posted: 17 January,all,jizt723,"I started to play FM since FM2006, I really like this game, but I will not recommend to my friends until we get Chinese version."
,Recommended,482730,28833800,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Daen,"This game is excellent. Don't beleive all the haters.I've played a lot of the Football Manager games, upto 2014, and I find this a massive upgrade."
76561198007391366,Recommended,482730,26203271,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Adam,fm17 is the best fm in years a must buy for football fan
76561198239795590,Recommended,482730,26445924,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,tommyelliott88,like every sports related game your paying for updated roster and slight changes. the game is just how i thought it would be
76561198038011879,Recommended,482730,34193682,Posted: 12 August,all,ConfusedClarity,Football Manager has had me hooked from the very early days of Championship Manager. This version is just as addictive as ever.
,Recommended,482730,26106811,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,B-Loved Specialist,"smoother gameplay compared to 2016, social media is a nice feature but seems like getting repetitive quicklyEdit: after playing the game for a longer time I also think that amount of injuries is ridiculous and unrealistic"
76561198346025926,Not Recommended,482730,26749919,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,3269417,"no chinese simpify edtion, lousy lol"
76561198062902544,Recommended,482730,26147051,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,LS1,"taribo west, cherno samba, mark kerrchelsea just paid 25 million for will hughes in the first trasnfer window and southampton are trying to loan out nathan redmond......hmmmmmmmmstill some work to do SI.also the fan opinions in the twitter like social feed are pointlessill still spend 600 hrs playing it"
76561198074638841,Not Recommended,482730,29693664,Posted: 4 February,all,wxchlster,"Because of Miles, the man who break his promise , I must give negative comment.This is not about the Chinese language , just about integrity and respect."
,Not Recommended,482730,29030023,Posted: 5 January,all,Leo11111111,"No Chinese, no recommendation."
,Recommended,482730,26612976,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Sa1Ko,"I have read many critics and they are mostly negative. I'm trying to find the same problems these people have in my game but i can't. All crosses go in? Not in my world. Only if a cross is well placed and my striker is positioned well. Unhappy players because of little playing time? YES. Because if you were a footballer you would like to play instead of sitting on the bench, so what's the problem with that? People have to understand that this is a simulation game and not Pro Evolution or Fifa. You have to adjust your tactics before every game based on your rival's weaknesses. You can't just start your season with a 4-4-2 with controlling mentallity and go on like this 'till the end. You have to adjust just like in real life. Just like that girl you liked in high school but instead you got her ugly friend.."
76561198033703070,Recommended,482730,26626041,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,get new games,"I've played for a bit now and I wish I could say something different than everyone else that plays the game.  I dominate in every stat but seem to lose when I shouldn't.  Every game I have twice as many shots but my players can't score.  I like how the opponent scores on their first shot in the game 50% of the time.  I really dont get it.  Been playing since 14 and each year i feel like I know less.  It's not a simulation at all, so the choices you make really dont matter.If you like frustration and watching your team lose over and over again as well as missing open net goals you will like this game...a lot!  Otherwise skip it."
76561198082537918,Recommended,482730,29138798,Posted: 9 January,all,jamesday94,"Lots of people hating on this game, giving us their life history about championship manager etc. Too many bugs, not enough changes etc.Fact of the matter is it hasn't changed a lot, and why should it. Same formula has been working for years and i'm happy with that.+ Social Media feed is a nice addition that has potential+ Matches look a lot better+ Online is good fun and easy to set up (haven't tried draft)+ Player/Manager relationships are worth building, trust me.+ Editor works well- No Chinese ;)- Some strange scorelines to say the least- Would like a better history view.- Players demand too much for wages in lower divisions- Work permits"
76561198273534749,Not Recommended,482730,29162208,Posted: 10 January,all,374297399,noob game
,Not Recommended,482730,29697617,Posted: 4 February,all,包小谷@重庆,"Miles Jacobson, can u remember your promise?I don't care abt Chinese version, but I hate liar.Keep your promise like a real man.Deception is shameful."
76561198000709417,Recommended,482730,29069110,Posted: 6 January,all,Poison Dwarf,Loving the game.I hadn't played FM since FM2014 so for me it's a really nice upgrade.As other posters have stated it's not worth buyinhg if you have FM2016 but if you want to get into a football management game you can't beat FM2017.
76561198003738865,Recommended,482730,26709789,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,ronnylinder,"Have been playing since CM2, and this is surely the best in the series so far. Better balanced since 2016 with minor steady improvements - just as it should be. Don't belive the haters, Metacritic is much more accurate here: 80/100. The game is really good, and I am enjoying it!The ""fans"" should realize that FM is not COD, and does not have to be reworked top down between each release. I am afraid that the haters will ruin the best game series ever made, because they totally misunderstand the concept of the series. Grow up, or go play FIFA!"
76561198042909032,Recommended,482730,32111085,Posted: 1 June,all,LUL,"This is a really good game, if you are into football you should definitely get this! 10/10"
76561198097672348,Not Recommended,482730,29822587,Posted: 10 February,all,斯坦尼斯拉夫斯基,where is chinese verison?
76561198053964887,Recommended,482730,29968665,Posted: 16 February,all,N1XoN,Best Football Manager in the world
76561198042860341,Not Recommended,482730,29797586,Posted: 9 February,all,ShiK,"Because of Miles Jacobson,the OBE from SI(Sports Interactive), and the man who break his promise, I must give negative comment.This is not about the Chinese language, just about integrity and respect."
76561198050807294,Recommended,482730,29724104,Posted: 5 February,all,Celtic Warrior,Best fm ever. everthing has been improved from fm 16.
76561198156689520,Recommended,482730,34259496,Posted: 15 August,all,Pakboy J19ζ7,can get you either really sad or extremely happy. Overall i'd call it a rollercoaster of emotions
,Recommended,482730,30768408,Posted: 27 March,all,PyroFKRZ,If you like football it's very nice game. Great tactics simulator and real life situations.
,Not Recommended,482730,28988618,Posted: 3 January,all,Mymilanello,"Having been living in US for several years, I'm okay with the game either in English or Chinese. But SI's problems with honesty and respect while dealing with requests from Chinese players earned this game such negative reviews. SI should reconsider their strategy, seriously!"
76561198081941905,Not Recommended,482730,31864573,Posted: 20 May,all,ism,"probably worst football manager game ever, definitely will not buy 2018"
,Not Recommended,482730,33223856,Posted: 4 July,all,arishahahu,fcbarcelona not official? suck!
,Recommended,482730,26361391,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,GGFarmer,The game has been really great! I have already played it 8 hrs on my first day. The social feed is good even though it might be repetitive.
76561198007183375,Recommended,482730,29592468,Posted: 30 January,all,banni3ter,"Yes, only minor tweaks compared to previous versions but no doubt the most polished FM yet. If you've enjoyed any previous FMs then you'll love this"
76561198074977734,Recommended,482730,26350591,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,daniel.crockford,Awesome as ever!
,Recommended,482730,26398924,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Argoshaar,So far so good.. love the social feed introduction.. love the new interaction with everything basically.. love the new game engine.. GG WP
,Recommended,482730,26345554,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,CLazimi,very good gamebetter then fm 16and dont forget its only the beta
76561198043290019,Recommended,482730,26346074,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,BrnwsBucksFanNC,"I have been playing now for over 50 hours, not alot by some standards, but enough to get a good impression of the game. Overall, I am very pleased. I think there have been some great improvements in the match engine, yes, there are still some goofy goals and players playing out of position, but I see that every week irl.I also like the ai is not as predictable as before. The same tactics do not work every match and the ai even seems to make reasonable adjustments in the match. It also seems like parking the bus does not automatically lead to the opposition scoring, like it seemed to last year.I really like how teamtalks and morale are playing a bigger part this year as well.I would recommend this game to people who are looking for a realistic experience, is it perfect? No, but it is getting better every year."
76561198055231081,Recommended,482730,29808576,Posted: 9 February,all,Dog Nonce,I love to wank
76561198045358061,Recommended,482730,29562096,Posted: 29 January,all,JoJoLy33,Love FM every year (L)
76561198004490181,Recommended,482730,28539625,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,sellew,"It's Football Manager, so of course it's great.  However, whether you want to get this year's iteration or not probably depends on whether you have FM2016 or not.  I'm not the person who buys every FM game every year, but tries to hold off until there's a feature of the latest version that I'm looking for.  So the new Prozone stuff wasn't enough to get me to cough up last year, but that plus having a 64-bit version and the bundled version of FM Touch (from pre-ordering) was enough to push me over the edge.  I can probably run about twice as many leagues for the same in-game speed now, so a definite improvement."
,Recommended,482730,26572445,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Zarr,"Being a Football Manager enthusiast since 2013, a lot has changed and it just keeps on getting better and better, I thoroughly enjoy the new look and feel to the game, granted it did take a little bit of time getting aclimatized to the new menus and fancy new stuff, I am proud to say that this FM is without a doubt, the best one out of them all."
76561198274763844,Recommended,482730,28199825,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,jacklock_34,"This is the first FM game I've played since '14, so it's quite the overhaul visually from the older version. The game looks great and plays well so far, but the biggest bug I've found so far is that when I appoint a player as my captain, whenever I click on his profile the game crashes. This has happened 10+ times on multiple saves with multiple players. I'm not going to say it makes the game unplayable, but it is very frustrating and difficult to remember to never click on a certain player's profile or else lose all progress."
,Not Recommended,482730,30750172,Posted: 26 March,all,robbyalg,omg
76561198019327123,Recommended,482730,29134223,Posted: 8 January,all,ヤキsawyer,"First I want to say that I really(!!) do understand those who complain about this beeing just a ""small update"" from football manager 2015-2016.I think the social media thing is wayyyyy to bad, its the same 15 messages over and over, never anything new. so they should have worked alot more on it. The first times i saw them they were cool, but when you are in 2050 you dont even read them anymore. But its w/e honestly. (I reallyy hope they should do the same thing FIFA manager does, give you the opportunity to have a life outside of football. buy car, house, get a wife etc..) <- I think the game would get more fans and take another step if they add something like this. something actually new.Goalkeepers does ALOT less mistakes than what they did in FM 2016, also ALOT less ♥♥♥♥♥♥ defenders making stupid mistakes for no reason. (this is my oppinion, 350+hours, saves in 2050, NOT saying this is how it is for everyone, maybe im just lucky).I love the graphics in this game, but its not thaaat much better than what it was in FM16, but I dont play this game for eyecandy. Hell, I could have played in 2D if i had to.NOW, my opinion; Is this game worth to buy every year even tho the new things they add are so small they could have just updated the previous version for a 10€ dlc? YES! I really think it is worth to pay 50€ every year for a new game. Simply because i love theese games so much that i look at it like World of Warcraft subscription(You have to pay every month to keep playing). And i think the makers of this game deserve it for bringing me more football manager content.And if you dont like it, why does people pay WoW every month to play that game? Why is nobody complaining that they have to pay every month for a 10year old game for no reason AAAAAAAAAAND pay 40-50€ FOR EVERY F@^*3# EXPANSION TOO. Like wtf, why is that ok, but not paying 50€ once every year for this game????And insted of buying it, playing 10 hours, then cry here because you dont like it, go watch vids on YT and DON'T buyt it if you dont like it. how hard can that be?...Again, i uderstand that some people are butthurt because there is to little massive changes from the prev games, but cmon..... You dont buy a car with closed eyes, then cry like a baby because its ugly 10 hours after you bought it. watch gameplay or something before you buy it. Call me Einstein if you want, common sense... all it is:)"
76561198050125383,Not Recommended,482730,29710842,Posted: 4 February,all,吴晓琛,"Because of Miles, the man who break his promise , I must give negative comment.This is not about the Chinese language , just about integrity and respect."
76561198099619115,Recommended,482730,28520225,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,alex21px,"Whoever bought this game expecting to play the Versus Mode with friends won't be pleased, has to buy the Touch version, because that's the only place where you will find it.Whoever bought it on pre-release and got the Touch Version for free, still won't be pleased because you have to export your team from the main FM, close the game, copy your exported team and tactics from the original folder to the Touch folders, open FM Touch, start the Versus Mode and then import your team and tactics.Too much hassle that could be avoided."
76561198029808331,Recommended,482730,28465976,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,mira1988,great game. but please fix the penalty bug. i'ts impossible that at least 80% of the penalties are saved by the goalkeeper. should be the opposite...
,Recommended,482730,26152918,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,ESW| Homers1993 #RLPT,"If this game wasnt good Miles Jacobson doesnt exist and wasnt on Sega Intertainment.In name of Europe, Please play this game, a strategic simulated good way to live football like it is in real life.Starting in beta, less bugs, lets see when 4NOVEMBER COMES BUT im proud of FM Family"
76561198065299758,Recommended,482730,32154312,Posted: 3 June,all,jhuntley93,This is my first fm since 2013 and enjoyed my 1st save with aberrdeen so far and am 100hrs in and still enjoying it!
76561198162671684,Not Recommended,482730,34110135,Posted: 8 August,all,(|),The most terrible game I have ever paid for.
76561198053211822,Recommended,482730,29394465,Posted: 21 January,all,absalom_abbey,"The AI is so bad, maybe am getting too old for this game"
,Recommended,482730,30257272,Posted: 1 March,all,zhekadjon,Cool game!
,Recommended,482730,29759298,Posted: 7 February,all,Jolly Roger,"'been playing FM since the CM era of 2000, where i went 'rogue' and transalte the game text to my native language to make other dudes get in the game and play along - i buy the game every 3-4 years, simply to allow some buffer of improvement and I see a lot of people moaning on this 2017 version of being rugged and bugged -I can partially agree with this, but i try also to understand there maybe a mindset change of the game, and there can be a diff algorithm approach on the players that influence their performance (eg a striker with fin 11 / comp 14 / flair 14 is better than a striker with fin 16  comp 11/flair 11 - may sound dumb but its a situation too often encouter in the game), which was not that visible in other versions, tactics and player distribution is also influence by player atttributes i think this time more than in other versions.I didnt see problems with transfer negatitions, with the right tweak and  clauses i got to sign good player for less than they expected in 90% of the cases, so im still evaluation the bad part of the transfers.Injuries, indeed are dreadful, and i think may be avoided if we would have a more compiling reports on players (like injury prone, or reports on training sessions regarding their physical state).The overall feeling of the game is good, and i wouldnt go that far to say its crap, but requires fine tunning.A bit overpriced i agree.DLC for transfer updates, that is a d*** move.I would recommend you play the game if are coming from 14/15 versions -but not yet required if you are coming from a 16 version.Play the game with your friends and dont take every aspect so personal :)"
,Not Recommended,482730,34261370,Posted: 15 August,all,AlphaDope 🐶,Wasn't fun at all compared to previous iterations.
76561198050087478,Not Recommended,482730,30744866,Posted: 26 March,all,brunochen1991,Liar
76561198023616383,Recommended,482730,27397375,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jauran,I'm addicted to FM :(
76561198273931103,Not Recommended,482730,28359313,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,housetranscripts,This is nowhere near as refined as Football Manager 2k16.
76561198309999452,Recommended,482730,26624080,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,billpan82,ok its cool ! it has some mistakes on statics and on shoots but its very good!!!!
76561198044007345,Recommended,482730,28344827,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,지져스 쿠키,very fun
,Recommended,482730,32170744,Posted: 4 June,all,McGeady FM,"Wonderful Game, the depth is fanastic."
,Recommended,482730,26607390,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Acsel ♛,NICE GAME
76561198233167416,Recommended,482730,31850091,Posted: 19 May,all,OVERLOOK BY MANY?,"MOSCOW DINAMO,GET CHAMPION. Not one motto,but be true.Thanks to FM."
,Recommended,482730,32043580,Posted: 29 May,all,dewey=D,"Wonderful game, absolutely stellar. Cannot recommend it enough if you want your entire life and social functioning ability sucked out of you, and just think about that Japanese wonderkid that you thought about buying, but refrained, just to see your rivals pick him up and him turning out absolutely monsterous. God damn it Yutaro, I still regret it to this day."
76561198115387219,Not Recommended,482730,30234732,Posted: 27 February,all,527790828,"This game sucks , Miles Jacobson is such a cheater, get out of my steam app,♥♥♥♥ U!!!!"
,Recommended,482730,26749728,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Alberz,Its better than 2016 so its good :)
,Recommended,482730,31732711,Posted: 13 May,all,VAC Is A Joke,"Winning the league with Manchester United; beat Chelsea away, Tottenham away, Arsenal away. Still sacked due to low morale."
76561198007501294,Recommended,482730,28113979,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,iiP0PP3R,Yeah it's ok
76561198354855882,Not Recommended,482730,34298614,Posted: 16 August,all,Swizzle,"Football Manager was the first game in the series that I bought, and unfortunately, the only one I will buy.The game is known to be very time consuming, but if you want to get past the summer transfer window alone, you will need at least six hours. Being a FIFA and PES player as well, the window normally takes no longer than two hours to complete without playing any games.The menus also seem never ending and there are so many controls and options that are too complicated for me to use my time on. Obviously, it takes at least two days or so(48 hrs) to even get a grasp on the functionality(I played this on a friend's  account as well for 104 hours) and I have not played the game since I bought it in June.Overall, this game is worth no more than 15 dollars, especially since it is only menus and shapes being created. There is no licensing(which can be fixed with a simple workshop mod) and there is no time to learn it if you have school or a job.I would only try it again if they made it less confusing and more user-friendly, especially if you want to attract new users.Don't buy it unless you have played it before and it is less than 20 dollars."
76561197970729105,Recommended,482730,28275780,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,maverick120881,A great game :-)
76561198050621883,Recommended,482730,30549394,Posted: 16 March,all,anuttamts,Hooked on to this series forever
76561198006189187,Recommended,482730,30812349,Posted: 29 March,all,lukedenison86,"Having played almost every edition since 07, I'd like to believe I know a thing or two about the Football Manager series. Prior to my purchase I had a few doubts looking at some of the reviews and the 'Mostly Negative' overall score. But I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised.I know a lot of people say, don't buy it, nothing has really changed from last year... but the same can be said about FIFA, and yet, millions of people continue to buy it year after year. So, what to make of this year's addition....I know in previous versions of FM, there have been some very noticable issues with the match engine, but this year's version seems to perform very well. While the game hasn't had a revolutionary overhaul, I have already noticed a lot of subtle improvements (both in terms of the match engine and the UI) that make the game feel much more polished than previous editions. If you're a FM tragic like me, I'm sure you will appreciate them. Is it worth the $60 price tag?? Yes and no.If you're new to FM and keen to know what all the fuss is about, I would say ""go ahead"", once you've chalked up 500+ hours you won't be phased by the $60 price tag. For those of you thinking about upgrading from FM15 or 16, if you're indecisive like I was, perhaps get it on sale (I got it for $30). There are definitely enough improvements to warrant the $30.Overall, as a standalone FM game I would rate it 4.5 stars and certainly don't think its worthy of its 'mostly negative' rating."
76561198307014148,Recommended,482730,30923620,Posted: 3 April,all,1563636110,"Although the time is late, but still very happy, finally has simplified chinese! Every year I will buy and support football manager!"
,Recommended,482730,30421995,Posted: 9 March,all,ApeX_,Great game 5/6 but notthing new since FM 16
76561198104879536,Recommended,482730,30936800,Posted: 3 April,all,wenlizhou1993,"Finally, there comes the Chinese!"
76561198327190220,Recommended,482730,30134616,Posted: 23 February,all,Lord of Socks,This game is super fun. I enjoy almost every aspect of it. It is quite realistic. I thoroughly reccomend it.
76561198173347062,Recommended,482730,31547775,Posted: 4 May,all,tetk135,Respect Chinese consumers and it will reward you.I also expect the FM 2018 comes with a better version of CHINESE translation.
,Recommended,482730,31262641,Posted: 20 April,all,Hosux,"Love the FM games. Always have, always will. Kinda' disappointed that they havn't really done anything the past couple of years, except changing the layout every year. With that said, i still rate it. Would still recommend it, even though i miss some new features."
,Recommended,482730,30429395,Posted: 10 March,all,KirqkaBG,This game is good but need to add somey items
76561198283405832,Recommended,482730,30794860,Posted: 28 March,all,kieranaddis11,good game
,Recommended,482730,30883571,Posted: 1 April,all,Xenoscythe,"Great game, the negative reviews are largely down to chinese folk being unhappy about a lack of a chinese translation.More needs to change between iterations however, its basically fm16 with a couple of small improvements."
,Recommended,482730,26150960,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,jaydafeesh75,Really enjoying beta. Yes it does have a few performance problems but it is in beta
,Recommended,482730,26405481,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,PrimeR,Very good
76561198353468110,Recommended,482730,29803441,Posted: 9 February,all,yukel_ukel,good
76561198042200501,Recommended,482730,29804280,Posted: 9 February,all,hauserw153954,It's good
,Recommended,482730,30028499,Posted: 19 February,all,#FundMyDebt,"Such a better game compared to 2016, really enjoy it :D"
76561198077863142,Recommended,482730,29812996,Posted: 9 February,all,SCFC85,"Good Game as usual, but this year staff disappear from my staff list. I start a game with 93 staff. i save it and come back to it later and when i load it i have 84 staff. the missing coaches are still employed but not on the staff list. This is really annoying plz fix it"
,Recommended,482730,29821850,Posted: 10 February,all,khalidvawda,As awesome as ever. 9/10
76561198179333561,Recommended,482730,29992869,Posted: 17 February,all,andersonchan2008,amazing gamedefinitely recommended
76561198024211175,Recommended,482730,26404364,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Foxxer,"Awsome game, it is not about the graphics, its about the playstyle. Played the whole beta and have seen the improvements the dev's made on the game. You can also check outfmscout.comfor alot of extra's you can add to the game!"
76561198054441174,Recommended,482730,26519105,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,therunningman2000,Can we get some skins made for this game.
76561198106688008,Recommended,482730,26126376,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,joshbonner94,"The beta so far is fantastic! Now that the game is also running a 64 bit version, my macbook pro is running this beta smoother than the full FM16 game! This game feels like a huge improvement in every aspect over last years."
76561198003876967,Recommended,482730,26126528,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Barcarulez,a way lot better than fm16! the only thing sucks is injuries. but overall the game is worth it!
76561197992729060,Recommended,482730,26163722,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,F+,Finaly :X
76561198295604614,Recommended,482730,26177259,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,armsgx,"good game, better than 2016 (i play 2016 Since April 2016,most addicted)my opinion:1. very good new post match analysis, 3D engine, player and Staff, & Scout suggestion page, Assisntant manager pop up ballon can helk training players very fast2. game run quite faster than 2016, (i use core i7 6700HG HP gaiming notebook, ram 16 GB), Game consume ram around 1.5-2 GB( I run evey Europe leage plus brazil,argen, and chinese)Things to improve:1. Need In game editor like FM 20162. Game still have some crash and shutdown, Pls continue release update patcg regulary"
76561198032183443,Recommended,482730,26184247,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,davefallrds,Been looking forward to this latest FM... there's a few little glitches with the continue tabs (little slow to react but the worst thing so far is the ridiculous amount of injuries even during friendlies...  the new media tags are  good but may get in the way once playing in the league... unless theres  some banter planned that you could respond to... its a solid 7.5/10 at  the  moment... still best FM game out there
,Recommended,482730,26399616,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Scared Ninja,"Yes the game is very similar to FM2016 and not much has changed since FM2014 in my view.However that is not why i think most buy this game, more purchase to have the latest database, teams and leagues etc etc (much like why Fifa sells so much each year)It is a slight update but still in my view a step in the right directionTactics setup seems much more important now, and i feel like this is a great change over last year when it seemed to me most tactics i tried didnt work or work for long.I also like the addition of data analysts for the matches and the match engine seems much more robust and improvedThis is just based on the pre launch verison so i hope/think with further improvement it will be a game i sink hours intoAlso i could be called a fan, i have purchased every version of this game since orginally released by the collyer brothers back in 1992 (then called Championship manager prior to the split from Eidos and becoming what we all now know as FM)just on the versions i have on Steam (going back to 2009) i have put in a total of 3722 hours (155 days)into these gameOverall a great game, and a must for any football fan"
,Recommended,482730,29985067,Posted: 17 February,all,Weekend IS COMING BOYS,This is my first time to play fm. Great game ReommendI hope next fm will have assistant manager mode
,Recommended,482730,26402757,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Dromedar,Love this game!!!
,Recommended,482730,29559759,Posted: 29 January,all,lutfisading,"Played fm since 2005, this is the most difficult one. At first I disappointed because it is very hard to win, but then I try to tweak the tactic, trying to understand most details settings, and finally getting used to it. This game is the closest thing for being a football manager, sometimes good players is not enough for being champion. There's no enjoy if you always win, the enjoyment come when you struggle very hard to win the game, even if sometimes makes you frustated."
76561198117805065,Recommended,482730,26406251,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,nisthar,"Fewer changes than expected, still worth it though.. no regrets"
,Recommended,482730,26122889,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Nyanko,"Much better that 2016..3d match engine is good,like in video preview..didn't found any bug yet..overall great.."
76561198049077492,Recommended,482730,26169135,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,HutchieJR,Football Manager has been made great again. Quite a lot of improvements from the previous year and i'm yet to expierence any of the errors that i have been told about.
76561198002675944,Recommended,482730,26341712,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,shaunlav87,Outstanding as usual
,Recommended,482730,26351471,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Edvorak,"A big improvment over FM2016 in my opinion, match engine animations look a lot better and the game world has the ability to capture your interest again and keep you playing, FM2016 just felt stale to me last year."
76561198032065751,Recommended,482730,26122324,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,lovlyhero,"well .... i played all the past fm from the very first one , i think this one is the best , much more real players movments , i still see the defenders not strong and bravry , the ball in the opponants legs and just a bit near my defender but he doesn't push or tackle the attacker ... ( i play a test game with real madrid ) so i am talking about the like of ( ramous , pepe , varan )GK also needs to be more real , but overall i think it's a very good game , i love it ...  thanks for you guys , you make us happy :)"
76561198049350014,Recommended,482730,26124550,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,UncleGenji,I love this new director replay that look real but some problem about highlight that this version of game doesn't have share button to youtube. however i still love this beta.
76561198003655644,Recommended,482730,26134750,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,tango,"Same Football Manager magic that we've all enjoyed since it came on floppy disks. Always worth the purchase, you know you'll plow hundreds of hours into this."
76561198139972151,Recommended,482730,29165636,Posted: 10 January,all,stuartdunkley,needs real football club logos to help identify the club
76561198078927827,Not Recommended,482730,30250699,Posted: 28 February,all,尐尛凡,It's the last time i purchase this♥♥♥♥♥♥game unless u publish the chinese version the last year. And it should be published at the first time. Those who can not do their promise are son of ♥♥♥♥♥s. I am not abusing you anyway. I'm abusing those ♥♥♥♥♥ can't keep the promise.
76561198006706196,Recommended,482730,31354808,Posted: 25 April,all,alex_teddy,Great game average at leat 300 hours on every edition of the game.
76561198128184639,Recommended,482730,29754819,Posted: 6 February,all,rahulrego,"This is addictive, like the entire FM series. There's one major flaw though:The work permit system! While I understand that work permit laws have become stricter, there's no way real life laws are stricter than FM's work permit laws. It's like the whole appeals process doesn't even exist. In real life, 79% of work permit appeals to the English FA have been successful. In the game, it's closer to 0%.Some minor flaws:Data analyst and sports scientist are pretty confusing as there are no reccommended attributesSuggestion: A coaching star calculator would be exceptionally helpfulEDIT: After playing this game for a while, there are so many bugs which are frustrating and often I need to reload which means 1 month of gameplay is lost"
,Recommended,482730,31345043,Posted: 24 April,all,johnnynohat,Still the best Football Management game available. Enjoying it as always!
,Recommended,482730,31899203,Posted: 22 May,all,iliaskyrtatos23,GGGGREAT
,Recommended,482730,34776337,Posted: 6 September,all,dstroy,As always it does not fail to deliver. I enjoy these games and I always will.
,Recommended,482730,34777079,Posted: 6 September,all,baroll,"i love this game, its takes hours to play. its more fun if you play with your favourite club. despite all the bad review football manager 2017 is far better than the old one FM2016. and looking forward for next fm2018. i hope they improve 3d match."
,Recommended,482730,33841326,Posted: 27 July,all,Sezkn / twitch.tv/JoshBaely,very addictive.
,Not Recommended,482730,28599268,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,shakebin,"Because of Miles, the man who break his promise , I must give negative comment.This is not about the Chinese language , just about integrity and respect."
,Not Recommended,482730,28597863,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Judge Judy Best Goalkeeper,My wife and kids left me and I spent thousands on anger management classes. My blood pressure is 250/190. I don't have long left to live. I will win the league as Stoke even if it kills me. It also gave me the worst haemhoroids so I can't sit down much. I play manager hanging from the ceiling. But good news I am second in the league at the moment. League ♥♥♥♥ing 1 and I am so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off.Thx for listening.
,Recommended,482730,26461420,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Nokando,"So another year passes and the new Football Manager arrives, as always an instant buy.I have played every version of this game from the original Championship Manager days and have invested thousands of hours into the game.Some may ask why? Well realising the dream of taking your local team to the top, the only way some people will ever see them rubbing shoulders with the world greats.So what does this year bring?Polish and lots of it!The match day engine looks better than ever and the increased AI is noticable.Staff are a lot more useful and offer more advice in a more useful way, with the intoduction of new staff to help the Medical and Scouting Teams.Signing new players has been upped a notch with Agents being even more involved and the need to scout and trial players even more important.The players have moe to say as do the fans. Social Media has been introduced tp help gauge what the public think #nicefeatureI am now 'really' in the game as I have have my face planted onto my avatar's shoulder a little feature but nice all the same.There are lots of little things I keep discovering, and this is what makes the game so special.Any disappointments?Well despite the meetings with press, players and everyone else having a few extra tweaks they still have a repetitive edge. A lot of repitition, despite the odd new thing.Otherwise the new licks of paint are all good.What would I like to see?Despite it being last years April Fool, I would like to see the club Mascots feature just to add the odd bit of extra fun!Oh and a thumbs up for the loyalty bonus too, much appreciated.Separating the Touch version fully made sense, so it can be run on lower spec systems .... And you can take  it on your hols now!Overall another great addition to the series."
,Recommended,482730,26411469,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Yotk...,"I am purchasing the game at north america region, but I am actually from China. I've purchased this great game on Steam all the way since 2013. And before that, I bought the retail version FMs in China too. I am really happy that SI and SEGA finally start working on Chinese localization.I also want to tell them, FM does have a really large and great fan base in China, when you guys didn't give us Chinese localization before, there is a group of people (playgm.cn) who is doing there own version of Chinese translation for us FOR FREE and they are doing it EVERY YEAR since around 2001. Think about it, for over TEN YEARS, your fans in China is doing the work for you because they really love this game. I'd say their outstanding work is one of the key factors why FM is so popular in China. When you announce that you are starting Chinese localization, Playgm ask us to send them screen shots of the Chinese version Totti's player profile page each year all the way from CM2001 to FM2016 (why Totti? Because we are as loyal as him!!). They asked it because they just want to let you guys know how much they love the game and how much they want to contribute back to the game for Chinese translation. And the fans got all the screen shots within just one day!!I am so proud of being a humbled member of the Chinese FM fan conmunity. And I am happy that SI and SEGA are now starting to pay more attention to their fans. I really hope that FM2017 is the start of a good communicative relationship between the company and its fans (I'm not saying 'no chinese no recommendation' is good, but it's a start anyway)."
76561198032171315,Not Recommended,482730,26347872,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,aurelian07,"Again not a big change from fm16, these could be considered just an update. It would not recomend buying just for that. I'm Romanian an I bought the last 5 editions, again a lot of piracy back home, but no Romanian language"
,Recommended,482730,26424025,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Steve Bannon,"Attention: the reviews are being bombed by people angry about the lack of Chinese language support.I won't comment on that.. But you should be aware of it.As someone with over 2,000 hours on FM2015, I am very happy with this years version. I skipped 2016 so I can't comment on moving from 2016, but if you want to get this, go for it. Best version for years.If you are new to FM and want to get into it, go for it. FM is the best football management sim out there and this years version is excellent."
76561198004269409,Not Recommended,482730,26279423,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,ayumu.k,"I have played CM/FM since 2001. I don't see much changes for this generation, comparing to previous one. At the same time, language coverage is limited. SEGA promises Chinese Simplified translation but it isn't yet out. Not recommended."
76561198012613379,Recommended,482730,28685999,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,AxeTacular,"Amusing nerd rage on here from people screaming that nothing much changes game to game... you've really just worked this fact out? Really? : /If you don't like buying it yearly buy it on a few yearly cycle which a lot of people do, criticising the game for something which has been a fact of the series (and is the same with pretty much every single game series which does a yearly release) is pretty moronic.The game itself? Extremely similar to '16, which means good play and at the top of its game for the franchise, if you haven't bought it in a few years is it worth getting? Yes! If you have last years and are expecting huge game changing updates then simply don't purchase it, don't be like the almost 4k dumb reviewers who seem upset at their own niavety."
,Not Recommended,482730,26349616,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,jerry123499,"I asked lots of buddies in China to figure out why this game have such a bad review in China, It’s not because this game lack of our language it is because SI's manager Miles Jacobson is a fraud and a racist person.  When people ask him when FM will have a Chinese version in 2012, he said ""...we'd need 20k of the people currently pirating to buy the game, and that's not going to happen."",Then steam gives Chinese a nice way to buy games (FYI I use to live in Shanghai, one of the biggest city in China, It was almost impossible to buy any games online or in store because of government ban, not everyone wants to go with the illegal things, they just simply can't).  Last year in Chinese store, they put on the game with a low price and it sells well, then they decided to lock the region because they realized the price was too low, then on Jan 2016 they re-release the FM 2016 with a higher price.This year FM17 released with a even higher price in China but it still sells really well. According to steamspy 4%(1108114 in total) FM 16's sell are from Chinese Steam Store and also while it's region locked lots of Chinese players bought the game Keys from Russia or they just bought the hard copy, also there are lot of players like me, live in other country and bought the game in other countries, so the number is way over 20k, I don't know this person is being sarcasm or he is serious about this, but a deal is a deal, you said 20k and we doubled it, now it’s time to do your part.When people ask Mr. Jacobson about his word he denied about the number and assume SteamSpy's data ""to be wrong by 60%"" as a developer he should have the number, he just doesn't want to do it.  If you assume the number was wrong, then what's the number? And how he get 60% about steamspy?After that he threat Chinese player by saying: “have the community translation option now which I hope people use. Our other option is to stop selling the game."" this is just ridiculous, I know lots of people saying bad words to him which I think it NOT right.  But after this it really make me want to say something bad to him.  Again, it's the government banned the selling of games not Chinese people don't want to buy it, since we can use RMB to buy the game here, there are huge numbers of people buying games from Steam, according to our population base I'm really confident that 20k is a easy number to reach.While reading his words, I can feel Miles Jacobson is a man who doesn't like Chinese.  And I feel he doesn't like Chinese by refuse to putting our beautiful language in his game also he refuses to admit China is a rising market, more and more Chinese have the opportunity to buy the copyright games through steam, and also by his banteringly words.  I don't feel comfortable while reading his words.Again, just to people who might concern, it's not recommend not because there's no Chinese in the game, it's because Miles Jacobson's lie, his threaten and his racist. Adding Chinese is not enough, we need an apology, you have right to be angry about the people who illegally download your game, but you should not force your anger to the people who spent money and brought his games.  According to his words I feel he assume all the people in China download games illegally.  I'm not defending my country, I'm defending people like me who enjoy game buy spending money buying them in China, which is not a small number.For people in English speaking countries and other English speaker, sorry this is not about the gameplay according to steam's new system they might want you not see the negative review from the other side of the world, You might think it's not a big deal, and you might don't feel his word offend. It's OK, and I'm sorry to waste your time, hope you have a nice day and enjoy this game.  English is not my first language, I'm sorry for my spelling and/or grammar mistakes.For people who care, please help us, let SEGA and IS know a lying and racist person like Miles Jacobson should NOT be a leader and voice of their company.  We will not change our not recommend back until Mr. Jacobson give us a good answer/apology.If I know the story earlier I won't buy this game.And a word to Mr. Jacobson, not recommend your game are our rights, no matter what reason, criticize this is just stupid and immature, btw, if you really have balls, why bother RELEASE the Chinese version now? If you want to stick on your opinion, just stop selling the game in China and I will happily remove my comment and ask for a refund."
,Recommended,482730,26371303,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,TSM,"At this current time, I've played this game for approx 38 hours.If you're looking for a pure football management game, then this is what you need! There's plenty of things that have been tweaked from last years edition, even the little improvments of the match engine.The only thing that I have noticed is the increased amount of injuries but this will probably be patched in the full release.I would say this game is the best game in the series so far and I would recommend to try out the BETA stages to see for yourself.I'm going to be putting a lot of hours into this game. I just know it!About the negative reviews...I don't understand why people just like to leave negative reviews due to minor bugs. If you put effort into playing it for a few hours, you can tell there's a lot of things that have been improved and not just the database alone. Bear in mind, some of these critics have already played this game for hundreds of hours."
,Recommended,482730,26159986,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,nomius,Great Game. ♥♥♥♥ Chinese trolling and learn english guys.
76561198298418441,Not Recommended,482730,29222374,Posted: 13 January,all,jin012,"Miles Jacobson who is the director of SI promised to do a Chinese translation if  SI sells FM to 20K Chinese. Now, it's much more than 20K! However, WHERE is the Chinese translation? I bought FM2016 and FM2017 in Steam, but I won't pay for the game anymore if SI still dosen't supports Chinese language. #“No Chinese，No Recommendation”"
76561198295479008,Not Recommended,482730,26283286,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,westmill,不停弹出
,Recommended,482730,26414520,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Taizo,Much better than former series. Impressive speed from new 64-bit system. 5/5
,Not Recommended,482730,26282278,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,neve6017,You guys should feel sorry for your loyalty players in China.
76561198328843669,Not Recommended,482730,28367783,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,v.ydjiang,Why there is no Chinses version? Why!!!!
76561198213775356,Not Recommended,482730,26529476,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,32926056,NO CHINESE NO GOOD听说买了就可以给差评
76561198154916159,Recommended,482730,26211510,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Chase,"much better than 2016. wingbacks aren't as op and long shots actually go in from time to time. that said, goalkeepers still could use some work"
76561198341653012,Not Recommended,482730,29825945,Posted: 10 February,all,专业耍盗版,"no Chinese,  the ugly company called sega will go die"
,Not Recommended,482730,31070183,Posted: 10 April,all,294678986,chinese too late    not good
76561198115579283,Not Recommended,482730,33029545,Posted: 30 June,all,Lubo,"After 23 hours of play, I have won about 10% of the matches. It means that out of around 30 matches played I have won 3, or 4 of them. Not kidding. The game feels unplayable, as whatever I do, whatever I try, even if having better possesion, shots on target, I alwas loose, to teams far worse than mine. There is something definitely wrong with this game and it is the last football manager I have ever purchased in my life."
76561198078979047,Not Recommended,482730,28294447,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,NoBloodyWay,Same old  content . Not worth it. PLUS no Chinese translation and bad PR from SEGA!
76561198007222487,Recommended,482730,26251404,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Woollymouse,"Miles better than last years effort. Fans of this series know what to expect, ok so the beta isn't the finished article but so far it looks promising.Most of the negative comments need to be disregarded as they are mainly from disgruntled chinese fans who want the game in chinese, none of the previous editions of the game don't support it either. These are a minority who want to disrupt sales."
76561198376038650,Not Recommended,482730,30764681,Posted: 26 March,all,ruizhi6,No Chinese，No Recommendation
76561198051534535,Not Recommended,482730,29785123,Posted: 8 February,all,wangyunqi518,"No in chinese,steam is break-promiser."
76561198066080985,Recommended,482730,32155372,Posted: 3 June,all,Tich89,"Cracking game, ready for my marriage to break down, my dog to starve to death and the fire service to kick my door in"
76561198040595989,Recommended,482730,26147293,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Yoga Kid,Ignore the chinese its great they just need to learn a new language which they clearly have if they have written a review
76561198134470620,Not Recommended,482730,29779552,Posted: 8 February,all,DEAD GAME,miles is bringing shame on sega and fm
,Recommended,482730,26295312,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,idle_cleft,"Very good version, quicker and much better match engine."
76561198072048184,Not Recommended,482730,26276500,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Winmer,After hearing what happened to the chinese players. i deicde not to recommande this game.
76561198208302476,Not Recommended,482730,26691694,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,古畑奈和,NO SIMPLE CHINESE
,Recommended,482730,26250072,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Major Tom,Don't normally write reviews but the hoards of negative reviews are not fair.Most likely the best FM to date. Polished to hell and the match engine is much better. Teams adapt to your tactics making it harder. Social feed is funny and the depth you can get into now is impressive. A well rounded game for a BETAThe negative reviews are mostly from Chinese players who can't be civil and make a complaint to Sega. It would seem a lot of them have played football manager less time than the country has played football....
76561198362468796,Not Recommended,482730,29561438,Posted: 29 January,all,orrygm,This app is the shortest in the world...can't even open the gam!!!
,Recommended,482730,26381847,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Son of damage,i say the beta has been alright so far can't wait till its released
76561198302065572,Not Recommended,482730,29803187,Posted: 9 February,all,yuewushen1,"Because of Miles, the man who break his promise , I must give negative comment.This is not about the Chinese language , just about integrity and respect."
76561198070872179,Not Recommended,482730,29388261,Posted: 20 January,all,大象的鼻子,"If SI made the promise to customers that there will have chinese language in the system if once the game sold more than 20k in china (mainland, hk, tw), and they do not do what they promised, I think SI is a CHEATER!!! As you can see I also bought fm2012 and 2014, but this will be the last time I buy FM if they continue to be  unrespect to chinese consumers,"
76561197981199435,Recommended,482730,26556933,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Radmain,"I can't get Yeovil out of League Two, But I beat Chelsea 1-0 in the FA Cup and then lost to Blackpool 4-0 in the next FA match, After I beat them 6-0.Morale Manager 2017 and Hospital Simulator 2017 indeed.It's worth it."
,Recommended,482730,27824541,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Blanchflower,This is the best football manager simulation game in the world. Need I say more? Well worth every penny.
76561198003425081,Not Recommended,482730,28004691,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,kaleem56,"Awful game, do not buy this game save your money. Worst game I have ever played."
76561198350740021,Not Recommended,482730,30896960,Posted: 2 April,all,zhr8719,NO CHINESE!
76561198010809643,Not Recommended,482730,26648404,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,davidgordonmitchell,Game will not start on load.
76561198076074834,Not Recommended,482730,26648845,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,conoralexander8,Game doesn't load
,Not Recommended,482730,33776572,Posted: 24 July,all,Tomza,.
76561198089499245,Not Recommended,482730,33776912,Posted: 24 July,all,hentaileo88,nothing to say
76561198191307375,Not Recommended,482730,33059953,Posted: 30 June,all,elee0531,I just finished tutorial and overall this game looks fine.
76561198073742826,Not Recommended,482730,29693971,Posted: 4 February,all,顾忒白,i cant believe there's no chinese version while there are so many guys bought this game in china.
,Not Recommended,482730,29697370,Posted: 4 February,all,♣TimTIM,"Because of Miles, the man who break his promise , I must give negative comment.This is not about the Chinese language , just about integrity and respect."
,Recommended,482730,26633825,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,SzmitFM,fantastic game as usual how it is getting bad reviews i dont know
76561198083576371,Recommended,482730,29669009,Posted: 3 February,all,Evil Befall,dont  let the negative reviews from  people fool you    footbal manager 2017 is a improvement from the 2016 one
76561198076024896,Not Recommended,482730,30410460,Posted: 9 March,all,JJM720,"Im here to give  a NOT Recommendation cuz i saw the ridiculous talking from Twitter. If there is no Chinese reviews it could be 75% positive? thats what you get after all? I am a loyal player and i am a reasenable man, so are most Chinese people. If we could get a little respect from the SEGO official we are willing to enjoy this game and judge it seriously. Last thing, CHINESE ASAP!"
,Recommended,482730,30362487,Posted: 6 March,all,GerrardtheGladiator,"Forget all the negative views about being to hard. Do you really want to buy a football management game where you automatically win everything with a vanarama league team? you get out what you put in.Opposition team scoring on 3 shots to your 25? Your doing something wrong, not the game.Definitely the best game so far if  only a few tweaks this year on a game thats been running 20 years."
76561198280770871,Not Recommended,482730,30035638,Posted: 19 February,all,yellowyang,"No respect to Chinese players. Poor manager of the game as a liar, and is still lying now."
76561198073836706,Recommended,482730,29571070,Posted: 29 January,all,Eevee,"People say that it is the same game for several years without a change. I did not had the FM 16 therefore i bought this without hesitation. Its an incredible game and provides endless hours of fun. If you have the 2016 version, it does not worth to pay this amount of money since the differences are very little but if you do not have one of the latest games such as 2015 2016, i suggest you to get this game if you like football manager games. No bugs or crashes are experienced in over 250 hours including offline gameplay."
76561198061199735,Recommended,482730,26162553,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Wellsy1498,Another excellent addition 9/10
76561197981772017,Recommended,482730,26202588,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Morgan Kane,"Although my review might sound bit harsh / negative, I still do like FM. It's as good as it has ever been. Maybe therein lies the problem. As a manager veteran (FM 2016 was the first in the series I have skipped in 15 years or more)Cons:- The same things I have felt need improving are still there. In fact, the game feels exactly like FM 2015- Sounds could do total remake. ""Drums of mordor"" at Bayern munchen arena, chanthing teams names, witty songs etc. are all missing. Same bland cheering as always. It would do wonders to tight rival encounters, putting headset on and actually feeling like there was a live audience.- Press conferences: I found couple of new questions compared to FM 2015, but basically it's the same questions as always. If you are gonna have that feature (and the idea is nice), there must be atleast 10 times more questions to keep it itneresting after 10 games.- Tactically game feels exactly like FM 2015, about same features. It's not all bad, mind you, tactical side is actually good, but some new features in 2 years should be available.- Logos still missing and German national team still missing aswell. Not SI fault but still...- Generated players still look awful (and exactly like they looked in FM 2015). Again, game is played with feeling and when all the new stars look basically like clones, it takes away the authenticity (atleast for me)- Managerial contract negotiations are still somehow strange. Even winning practically multiple Champions Leagues in a row (in FM2015), teams offered basically same wage and didnt seem to budge at all. After first negotiations in FM2017 it seems it's exactly the same. Was funny, club offered 63k wage (exactly the same I had at the start of the season) and they were delighted with me as I was leading the league. When I asked for money, they just offered the exact same sum every time with smaller CL winning bonus.- Wanayama still takes yellow card in every game he plays :)Pros:- Player attributes are toned down again (it's a trend that has been going on in FM series for years). It's a good thing. In older FMs you had plenty of players with max key attributes (lot of 20s) and it just felt silly.- Graphical interface is smoother than before.- Some minor new details to pre contract negotiations with players which are relevant- It's FM, so it is a very good game overallSummary: Same old FM. Expected bit more with 50€. But it's a damn good game so grudginly recommend it :)"
,Not Recommended,482730,30728103,Posted: 25 March,all,Dybala,没汉化
,Recommended,482730,31063923,Posted: 10 April,all,aizous,irekomen dis
76561198239523268,Not Recommended,482730,28743269,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,[A]k1d,no face pack and no logo ?so dissapointing
76561198029704499,Recommended,482730,26113673,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,tora75,"I've purchased this game just about every two years since maybe, 06. The buying cycle has never failed me...I can't say whether or not this is better than 16, because I don't own that version. However, there are enough new features here to confirm it is miles better than any version from 15 on down.As you can see, I have at least a hundred hours logged already. The AI is much improved and the small new features do a good job of displaying useful information while enhancing the immersion.Yes, it's the same great game at its core. Yes, most of the game breaking bugs have been fixed since they switched match engines. And yes, I stand by my statement at the top of the review...it's the best iteration yet. If you had last years version, you probably won't notice huge broad sweeping changes, but whatever AI hiccups existed do not seem to be present. At the end of the day, it's a fun game and is the most complete football game available."
,Not Recommended,482730,34283037,Posted: 16 August,all,TWITCH.TV/LUKEUK7,"such a♥♥♥♥♥♥game, bring back lma manager"
76561198050630276,Not Recommended,482730,26268639,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,wy84617,"As a player originally from China, I just want to give everyone not from China a simple explanation why this year so many Chinese buyers just give FM negative reviews because of lack of Chinese version.The several top reviews somehow are right, SI never includes the Chinese in the game and the store page never said there will be a Chinese version. But this already last for about 10 years. Chinese buyer never does anything like this year.Why? Because Chinese customer not only wants to give the negative review for the lack of Chinese version but also the attitude the SI showing. So in 2011 some people asking if there will be a Chinese version from SI, Mile Jacobson replied that they need 20k copy sold in China(https://twitter.com/milesSI/status/128969002398646274). In 2016, from steamspy, there 40000 sold in China( 5th in the world). So some one aksing SI again, then Mile Jacobson just repled like this(https://twitter.com/milesSI/status/791659905933533184). Read his reply, do you thin SI really care about customers???? Of course people from other countries may not need to struggle with this as they already have official language support. But what if you have other opinions for the game? Do you think the developer will listen to you?And for many Chinese customers using 200 RMB to buy a game is not a small cost, but they were encouraged by the 20k promise so there are a lot of people just got the games. But right now SI just made them extremely disappointed."
76561198050183203,Not Recommended,482730,26111663,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,越走越荒凉,"Support the game for so many years, the game is still not Chinese, very disappointed. Arrogant Englishman"
76561198095988180,Recommended,482730,28817264,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Ez Pz,"Great Game...!! This FM 2017 far better than FM 2016... Fm 2016 really suck, u can't play same tactic from game 1 to another, really hard to win a game even u have gratest squad in ur team... but in FM 2017 its more reallistic now... very love it !!! i really dont know people hate this FM 2017 i think its much better than FM 2016 . its like FM 2015 but Fm 2017 slight better i think .  Keep ur good work in FM 2018 dude."
,Recommended,482730,29041325,Posted: 5 January,all,Ciarnobyl,"Didn't get playing the last one, but 3 seasons into this 1 and really enjoying it. A lot of the small changes definitly add up to a better game than previous versions"
76561198258805175,Not Recommended,482730,28965932,Posted: 2 January,all,24429077,I Need Simplified Chinese.
76561198069033154,Not Recommended,482730,26431136,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,273177356,简体中文
76561198104978608,Recommended,482730,26407204,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,coggsy48,"I would highly recommend this game, it is extremely detailed and very fun to play. The only aspect of the game that would put me off purchasing this game is its £32 price tag. This would not be a problem to me if the games was hugely different to FM16 but it only feels like it has had a patch or a transfer update, not a new game. However, I still believe it is a fun game and would definitely recommend to those who havent yet purchased."
,Recommended,482730,26727213,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,정혜성,need more 3Dview
76561198070558152,Recommended,482730,32205784,Posted: 5 June,all,hishnik,<3
76561198083098216,Recommended,482730,34260916,Posted: 15 August,all,Tonybuk86,"What can I say, what a game this is, played this game for so many hours of my life, Worth every second.I got this after buying 2016, and 2015 and soo on, FM has come along way since 2006.Buy this game.....You won't regret it."
76561198050494689,Not Recommended,482730,34306553,Posted: 17 August,all,cyeec2000,Should i buy fm2018?
76561198244932776,Not Recommended,482730,28825122,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,hadesfanfan,没有中文，言而无信，差评。
76561198274432006,Recommended,482730,32167822,Posted: 3 June,all,Saltydog,补票补票补票补票
76561198040236224,Recommended,482730,28274139,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,bornsloppy,best FM so far
,Recommended,482730,29726885,Posted: 5 February,all,majorconor cs.money csgogem.com,its decent i buy this game every year and yes like fifa there is often a lack of innovation and changes made to the series between games however the small changes made such as the social feed aswelll as better gameplay animation and settings makes the game as a whole a much more enjoyable and emmersive experience then games before
,Recommended,482730,30415083,Posted: 9 March,all,iDaN,great challenging realistic game ! recommended !
,Recommended,482730,30327490,Posted: 4 March,all,Funkball,"Best so far. It had a few bugs on the beta but almost everything was fixed by the first update and it's pain sailing now. The negative reviews are coming from Chinese players unhappy that there is no official translation.The game has received a few new features and, while these things are always tricky to get used to at first, the game has been improving year on year andthis edition is no different"
,Recommended,482730,31448623,Posted: 29 April,all,eJay^,mad ting
76561198018998652,Recommended,482730,29715007,Posted: 5 February,all,Kenny,Brilliant Game Love Football Manger 2017 Very Much
76561198007223920,Recommended,482730,30524937,Posted: 15 March,all,deputydog,More of the same. Didnt play it as much this year.Few crashes.
76561198024726757,Recommended,482730,28186026,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,aaronpburton,Excellent 10/10
,Recommended,482730,29706110,Posted: 4 February,all,Gam,It's a decent game I suppose.
76561198144396213,Recommended,482730,31515796,Posted: 2 May,all,JuicyCucumber,this game is mighty good
76561198345884142,Recommended,482730,28102670,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,jonjeet94,"Great game, spent alot of time on it"
,Recommended,482730,29437014,Posted: 22 January,all,cltaau24,No matter what i do i cnat update the game still on 17.1 i have updated the steam and done the game cache.  HELP
,Recommended,482730,32997129,Posted: 29 June,all,Son Goten,terbaik
,Recommended,482730,26363156,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,nutty,ANYONE FOR DRAFT?
76561198002589371,Recommended,482730,26216092,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,r3ven3e,"Bought every game since FM2011 and this is the best beta in the whole series, a couple of tiny bugs (e.g. a player->staff transfer got locked) but on the whole stable, great fun and the best in the series in my memory."
,Recommended,482730,26124146,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,KillahFornia,This game made me realize my modelling potential. 10/10 would be a handsome 3D model again.
76561198062863030,Recommended,482730,26346791,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,younggun92,"Really like this year's edition, runs much smoother than last year's version and takes out some of the ridiculous stuff, like constant sharp angle shots into the side netting. Also enjoy the constant pre-match and scouting advice without prompting, as opposed to every two weeks in 16."
76561198062213092,Recommended,482730,29805435,Posted: 9 February,all,HOMHUA,nice game
,Recommended,482730,30025327,Posted: 18 February,all,Averno,"Best FM to date!My only complaint of this compared with the other FMs is the inclusion of the social feed page where AI fans have their say, which just seems to be randomly generated, nonsensical crap. #NotinFM18Plz #CrapIgnore the plebs complaining about injuries, never winning etc. They're just bad at FM. ""I signed a player who picked up 7 major injuries in his prior playing history and now when I force him to play 90 mins in back-to-back games he keeps having problems"" - No♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sherlock.FM17 is amazing, go get it!"
76561198011970880,Recommended,482730,26199195,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,APO,"Still the best Management and Football related game IMO (yes, better than FIFA or Pro Evo) Already addicted to the BETA. New ME is really good and new behind goal cam is very good for watching back goals. Well done Miles and SI"
,Recommended,482730,26199698,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,SEVEN7,"Hey, it aint bad."
76561197980666255,Recommended,482730,26406937,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Vladimir Vladimirovitj Putin,Even the beta version impresses me.
76561198083615417,Recommended,482730,31803011,Posted: 17 May,all,alec.rollnik,Fantastic game
76561198105829545,Recommended,482730,26131200,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Dave The Slave,arsenal 12 points clear after 19 gamesRealism
,Recommended,482730,29346257,Posted: 18 January,all,Red River,http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=809125506You can't ♥♥♥♥♥ anymore babies!
,Recommended,482730,26441306,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,a1999b,If you've played the previous FM's you'll notice the minor improvements that really improve this FM which is why I can't understand all the negative reviews the game has been getting besides the fact it doesnt have a Chinese language which can understandably be frustrating for some but overall this is a really good game and dont be put off by the negative reviews
76561198201102270,Not Recommended,482730,26282249,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,此广告位招租,SEGA THE RACIST!!!!!!!!
76561198333749013,Not Recommended,482730,26472345,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,overrunmy,17.1.1f899420 (update)Game crash. How to fix this?
76561198075708837,Not Recommended,482730,26533778,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,luoshuai_1984,No Chinese Version
,Recommended,482730,26320300,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,FlimsyPike,"First time in the FM series, and I love it. I'm not a Football fan aside from the World Cup, which makes that even weirder.I don't know enough about the series to judge it. But I like the idea of it, and as an RTS fan it pushes the right buttons.Would highly recommend buying even if you're not a fan of football."
,Not Recommended,482730,26440765,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,SlimTheScouser,Worst ever! Few changes from the FM 16.. still crap!
,Recommended,482730,26393806,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Hakugard,"So the game is good and a welcome upgrade on 2015. A rather unfortunate number of negative reviews here are due to a chinese review bomb. I can't compare to 2016 because I only buy every other FM. No real problems with AI maybe the game is too hard for people hopping straight in the deep end with clubs like Barcelona, honestly guys try a league 2 English team or something it's fun!So having now played roughly 10 or so seasons taking Blyth Spartans to the premier league I can say the game is fun. It definitely doesn't deserve a 3/10 . This game is not worse than Aliens Colonial Marines. So please ask yourselves why the reviews are mostly negative and what substantive reasons people give to their negative recommendations."
76561198113606777,Not Recommended,482730,26506411,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,wykissac,I cant open the game with the font error after installation....
76561198028675514,Not Recommended,482730,26178699,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Gammelnok,"LOVE THE GAME, But one major thing is that, your defense sucks no matter what you do. Many times the breaks the line you have issue, just to press a player to get the ball, or him to make a mistake. That would have been fine, if it was not for that BIG GAB he leaves in the defense, your backs are totally useless in defense. Not closing the gab, get overrun easily, and your wing do not think defense. Most of the time they just lead there mann run, and then your back have two players to  protect against. I Know it is beta, but it is the same problem in 15,16 also, and it most be dealt with. To many mistakes.And as a lot here says, who have to use the editor do make et work just i littlebit, that shouldent be nessasery."
76561198059518739,Not Recommended,482730,26282566,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,dljx,No Chinese!!!
,Not Recommended,482730,26346750,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,yzf,no chinese
,Recommended,482730,26113460,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,LokTin returns...,"Satisfied that it´s better than 16.BUT, what the Fxxx is that 15 multilanguages without chinese? Don´t you know how many chinese brought the games?比16好，但是他妈的15国语言里面居然没有中文？SI、Sega你们搞什么鬼？"
76561198256115693,Not Recommended,482730,26287915,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,1173515039,"No Chinese,why did you open the Chinese download.Come on Simplified Chinese"
76561198075366662,Recommended,482730,29941146,Posted: 15 February,all,잠시만요,"I don't know why everyone is complaining here.Football Manager 2017 is a lot better than 2016, and I enjoyed 2016 for some time as well."
76561198064637114,Not Recommended,482730,26285631,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Alexxx,"I've been supporting this game on steam for the last four versions, and still cannot get a Chinese version."
,Recommended,482730,26133284,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,morrissey,occupy china
,Not Recommended,482730,26359868,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Xu Zhemin,"Well all of us know that this year's FM has not got so many updates and new features.But the most important reason of me making a review like this one is :SEGA promised us to support Chinese this year. And I do not understand why they did not keep their words.I'm fine with the English version, as I've always been from FM 2012, when I knew FM at the first place.But if you make a promise, you better make it happen, otherwise you will get reviews like this one.I'll not change my review until Simplified Chinese is supported officially."
76561198343798418,Not Recommended,482730,26578349,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,andrewgis,"There is no Simplified Chinese,SEGA is ugly."
76561198033291758,Recommended,482730,26576456,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Fearless1885,"So ive had the chance to read a few reviews, the top 20-30 negative reviews are based around poor optiumisation, there isnt a chinese version, its the same as the last 10 copies not to mention a good few of these reviews were made before release date in Beta stages.1. Poor optimisation? Buy a new PC. If your PC or Laptop cannot handle a Database game then you have some serious ♥♥♥♥ing issues my friend. Your opinion does not count with this comment. I have had the game from day 1 of Beta and ive had no issues what so ever.Optimisation issues on a Mac? ♥♥♥♥ off. Uninstall steam if youre even using a Mac. You're a disgrace.2. No Chinese version? WHO REALLY GIVES A ♥♥♥♥? Stick to table tennis or badminton. Why would you want hieroplyphics across their screen whilst trying to get immersed in a Football Management Sim?3. ""Games♥♥♥♥♥♥ its the same as the last 10 years"" - Congratulations you♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its a football management simulator. Ofcourse its going to be the same. Besides player transfers and league positions what else do you honestly expect from a it? You all know what the game is going to be by the last 10 versions so why are you so thick?4. ""Im letting in goals left right and centre. My players are missing sitters and im bottom"" Then you sir are♥♥♥♥♥♥at the game. Its been out 10 years, if you havent mastered the basics by now. Youre proper ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥and you should just give up. Uninstall steam and ♥♥♥♥ off because if youre bad at this then id hate to think what other game you're shocking with. (The Sims?)Its all in the staff, coaches and training. Regardless if youre Man City or Arsenal. Your staffs stats still make a huge difference to the game. Research your staff and get rid of the deadwood. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Also a majority of you whining have well over 100 hours invested into the game... If i hated a game that much judging by some of your reviews, it wouldnt even get a 2 hour spin on it lol.Ofcourse this version has its bad bits. Only MAJOR issue i see within the game is the cost of players, especially young stars. I.E 17 year old Eric from Spain - Value 34k - I'll offer 100k for a near certain purchase. - £48 Million please.The game now has loads more features, most of it is really useful if youre playing the game properly. If its a quick escape its pointless to you.This release yet from SI has been the best yet and can only get better from this point forward i believe."
76561198258131612,Not Recommended,482730,26682988,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,xingtianyi12,"Just image, when a game has a lot of gamers and they cant play it with their own language, it is a disater. I hope SEGA fulfill their promise ASAP to let Chinese gamers can play this game with Chinese."
76561198078495392,Not Recommended,482730,28778367,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,你若不掉 便是晴天,"Add chinese, or ♥♥♥♥ SEGA I will download the game for free in the future. Also do more update each year plz, do not just add hundreds of code and sell for full value, you robber."
76561198049349764,Recommended,482730,26292615,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,nicofdarcyshire,"If you've played an FM game before and liked it, you'll love this. If you've played an FM game before and didn't like it, then well you should try this... it's better than you remember."
76561198182582757,Not Recommended,482730,26287638,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,大魔玉,NO Chinese
,Not Recommended,482730,26287778,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,上班了,"No Chinese,dishonest"
76561198050083688,Recommended,482730,26420588,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,mark_b_omar,An immersive update to a masterpiece.
76561198074381208,Not Recommended,482730,29476968,Posted: 24 January,all,FrezinG,"no chinese language,,,,,even have korean language,,,why still dun have chinese?????SEGA not respect chinese playeru know nowadays got many chinese bought this game?????please la,,,,release chinese language!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198344541137,Not Recommended,482730,28282008,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,mado,I have to support my nation and language. 没中文之前差评！！！！！
76561198074964244,Not Recommended,482730,26622972,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,老年DOTA,sucks
76561198283739534,Not Recommended,482730,29738625,Posted: 6 February,all,tianya4064,"Because of Miles, the man who break his promise , I must give negative comment.This is not about the Chinese language , just about integrity and respect."
76561198335313327,Not Recommended,482730,29216202,Posted: 12 January,all,2510904741,差评不解释
,Recommended,482730,26446519,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,CASysprog,"I will probably update this once I have more playing time.There are some nice little touches, like noting the number of away fans in the match info during the game.The 3D match is a bit smootherthan FM 2016....but they really need to do something about the players arms, it looks like they are all doing metal mickey impressions.Some of the screens are more detailed and the screens that interface with your backroom staff are better - the job advert system works better, the default skin can be harsh on the eyes on certain screens, but mainly looks ok.The overall gameplay at this point seems slightly better than FM 2016, however until I have played longer I can't say whether or not it will be addictive or not yet.Forgot to add, they have improved the stupid Ref in 3D, now at least he doesn't seem to always be where the ball is going, he actually stays out of the way more often than not, which was one of the most annoying things with the highlights of FM 2016 for me.Speed wise it is definitely faster than the last version, 14 leagues (with all the lower divions) and the large database, and it seems far faster to progress day to day than FM 2016 was with the same setupUpdate: Still loving the speed, simulated one season with 39 leagues in 15 countries in 2 hours, that would take 4 times longer on FM 2016.However, got myself appointed as Chelsea manager, got to be in charge for one game, 2nd leg of a UEFA Cup game against Leverkusen (sp?) the previous manager having lost the 1st leg 3-0. I won the game 2-1, got knocked out, immediately summoned to an emergency board meeting and fired.....WTF.Now I'm am annoyed, and probably won't play this game again for a while until I calm down and there are some patches applied to stop crap like that"
76561198077457682,Recommended,482730,26393818,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Razorrr,I am a Fan of Football manager for year. For this year I like the new application to the game which is the Fantasy draft. I think that one is very interesting
,Recommended,482730,26533496,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Kenya West,"Beaten 9-1. Wow, such reality. 10/10"
,Recommended,482730,30666193,Posted: 22 March,all,MrDiddles,"Lose 1-0 to Bournemouth, Lose 2-1 to Besiktas, but beat United 4-0... 10/10 WILL BE A MANAGERIAL GENIUS AGAIN!"
,Recommended,482730,29588826,Posted: 30 January,all,Millsy,Good Game
,Recommended,482730,29587241,Posted: 30 January,all,Official_Simpson,ok not worth the money
,Recommended,482730,26538332,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Granny,I like it
,Recommended,482730,26703603,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,.|MultiTasking #Vegan,good game
76561198042038924,Recommended,482730,26602297,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,KingKahn,"Enjoying so far. Negative comments are waaaay over the top. Enjoyable if not quite at the heights of older titles. If you have to save for months it's probably not worth it, but if you have the money definitely still worth it."
76561198341555761,Recommended,482730,29604860,Posted: 31 January,all,Janebek,"Therer is a bug in this game,sometimes the goalkeeper just keep the on his feet and just do nothing there ,turn his back towards to his defender teamates,I want you guys can fix this sonn !"
76561198073319087,Recommended,482730,28792687,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Captain Bean,My FM addict days are back!
,Recommended,482730,29609599,Posted: 31 January,all,[F! TL!] Rab,"Classic Football Manger, as good as ever.Matty Taylor for the win #DraftModeOP"
76561198030739407,Recommended,482730,30696440,Posted: 23 March,all,shaclad,"Best version since 2013, the new features can be easily ignored if they are annoying, otherwise everything is a welcome update.  Refreshed interface, added functionality, new staff and backroom options, its a good game.The launch was shaky, I will admit, and there can be a lot of gameplay clutter if you don't know how to manage it, but this game is superior to its predecessors in this generation of the current GUI.Hoping for an overhaul soon, improve the non-match engine, change the UI, but until then this is defintely worthy of being in your FM collection."
,Recommended,482730,31910396,Posted: 22 May,all,kinjal1905,Awesome game
,Recommended,482730,35175210,Posted: 24 September,all,Glory Breeze,"It's a nice game in which you can try every detail of being a manager. Also, glad to see the Chinese language in the latest update."
76561198032173706,Recommended,482730,26236452,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,beardedramsey,Gets better every year - probably the most refereshingly easy release to date. No glaring issues although there are a few morale issues they're getting sorted from release and you probably won't experience these if you're a bigger club.Overall a very good game - how can you fault a game that give you hundreds of hours of fun each year for just £35?
,Recommended,482730,26107205,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Dr. Seks,No problem so far. Much better than the last one.
,Recommended,482730,26533250,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Charles Entertainment Cheese,"So I have like 600+ hours on FM15, and skipped 16 and decided to try out FM17. I'll be succinct as possible but let me explain why this is a great addition to the FM franchise.Good:- Much more difficult! My problem with previous games was that there were too many cookie-cutter tactics. There was no emphasis on looking at past matches and seeing why something worked well or why it didn't. Now I find myself using variations of the same formation or changing roles up. Which leads to my second point...- Better Data Analysis! I love looking at the stats for matches and seeing how we can exploit teams weaknesses. The new data forms are great for looking at past matches and if you have a Data Analyst, you get a nice printout of weaknesses a team had in the previous match. This is great for changing your formation up. Sometimes your data shows they have slow and weak D (C) and instead of having a ST drop back to help build up, maybe you just play your target man to stretch the defense and get a cheeky goal.  In this iteration moreso than FM15 (I have played 16, but it wasn't quite as good IMO), you feel as though you need to tinker and tune every single match.- Defenders actually follow the rules! Anyone who has played this game will tell you, that some of the older games a la FM15 and most likely 16, both had horrible problems with defenders. Although there are remenants of there uselessness (such as being incredibly out of position for counter attacks and through balls 90% of the time), they defend set-pieces admirably and make great decisions that I haven't seen yet in an FM game.- Scout footage! You can actually watch gameplay of a player you are scouting! Great addition to the game, really. Can see how he sits in the team, where he scores from most often. What position he scores at most, etc. Really a great idea to bring this in.- MLS easier to get Designated players! You're scouts and player's agents will now give you reports on Designated players. For instance, in FM15, you would be lucky to get a player like Michael Carrick or Huntelaar on your team. But in this update, it's much easier to see which players are willing to make the move to MLS as a Designated player. Small addition, but adds a great quality of life when managing the horrors of the MLS league.Bad:- Data Analysts and Sports Scientists have no explanation! I feel like this is just a foresight on the part of the dev group, but these newer staff members have little to no explanation on how to use them. We know they reduce injury, give you a pre match analysis, but what differentiates a bad one from a good one? Considering a lot of bigger clubs start with one of each, or at least one, you could simply sell the one you have and hire a cheap one. In some cases these guys are making- Social media should have been more fleshed out! Like, This one bothers me the most. It's just sort of there, completely bulky and useless. The reaction from the fan base never changes. If I buy a crappy player and my fan reaction is low, I expect to get nasty tweets about the deal. Instead, you get 1 good tweet and 2 bad tweets. Likewise, if I sign a great player, you get 2 good tweets and 1 bad tweet. Very boring tweets with little to no substance. Also, it would have been nice to see it replace the news section completely. Instead it constantly switches me from inbox screen, to news screen to social media screen. That's 1 too many screens to go to.- Still very little business side management! I would love to be able to request sponsorships with local businesses etc. Would be a nice addition to see added.Overall, I'm loving it. I mean, it's the same idea as FM15, and of course I don't want them reinventing the wheel every year. This is a solid addition for players coming from FM15. As for new players, this is the most fun yet that I've had in FM in a while. It's fun to create teams to put in random leagues and build a franchise from the ground up. Just lovely.8/10, still some things to improve, but definitely a step in the right direction."
,Recommended,482730,34257407,Posted: 15 August,all,thegamingsailor,"Fantastic game, always drags you back for just one more game. Well worth the purchase for any aspiring football manager!"
76561198051792254,Recommended,482730,31495011,Posted: 1 May,all,hristo_yordanov,THE BEST GAME EVAR
,Recommended,482730,26199796,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Tar-Tar,"Well it's okay, 7 out of 10"
,Recommended,482730,26131438,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,aidenblack75,ENJOYABLE
,Recommended,482730,26421133,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,maxi.garcia1,"FM 17 is simply perfect. It's a million times better than FM 16, particularly in regards to the match engine. While this year there are no ground-breaking new features, the game plays better than ever. Seriously, just try a match in the demo and you'll see how improved this iteration is.Side note, the game received a lot of negative reviews from Chinese players because their language isn't supported yet. Ignore them. Long-time players are all in love with the new version because of how much it has improved."
76561198050062795,Recommended,482730,26216141,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,trigg3rhappy,stupidly addicted as always
76561197976271817,Recommended,482730,26222074,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Alkaline,"Best football manager in years. FM2016 was way too hard, this is just right, although that can all change with a patch. I just hope they improve the transfer market, way too many average players demanding 200K per week."
,Recommended,482730,26240010,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Hawke,"Having been a fan since 2011 I must say I already enjoy this game a lot more than some of the previous versions. The game is a lot more forgiving to non-hardcore football fans who don't know all the ins and outs of the game, and it does streamline the backroom advice meetings.The update to the social media is also a lot of fun. Seeing NPC's tweet about my progress in-game makes my successes and failures seem more realistic.As a few people have already mentioned, if you're looking for a game with tons of new features from the previous game then this isn't the game for you, and it's not worth upgrading. However if you're looking for a more streamlined, and overall more enjoyable playing experience, then this game is defenitely worth getting.Also keep in mind, some peoples complaints may be invalidated when the game is fully released, as it is still in beta."
76561198057010821,Recommended,482730,26241514,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,manakorn1,Great
76561198262453361,Not Recommended,482730,26269083,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Some Superhero,"As a player originally from China, I just want to give everyone not from China a simple explanation why this year so many Chinese buyers just give FM negative reviews because of lack of Chinese version.The several top reviews somehow are right, SI never includes the Chinese in the game and the store page never said there will be a Chinese version. But this already last for about 10 years. Chinese buyer never does anything like this year.Why? Because Chinese customer not only wants to give the negative review for the lack of Chinese version but also the attitude the SI showing. So in 2011 some people asking if there will be a Chinese version from SI, Mile Jacobson replied that they need 20k copy sold in China(https://twitter.com/milesSI/status/128969002398646274). In 2016, from steamspy, there are 40000 sold in China( 5th in the world). So some one aksed SI again, then Mile Jacobson just repled like this(https://twitter.com/milesSI/status/791659905933533184). Read his reply, do you thin SI really care about customers???? Of course people from other countries may not need to struggle with this as they already have official language support. But what if you have other opinions for the game? Do you think the developer will listen your words?And for many Chinese customers spending 200 RMB to buy a game is not a small cost, but they were encouraged by the 20k promise so there are a lot of people bought the games. But right now SI just made them extremely disappointed."
,Recommended,482730,26398831,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ttinb,it's okay
76561198030289979,Recommended,482730,26345990,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,KempLangerZ,"Despite all negative reviews, I always enjoy FM genre.Remember guys, this is BETA. leter the game will get evolved and updated."
76561198004370545,Recommended,482730,26363984,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,runihansen13,Great game.
76561198069674014,Recommended,482730,26454790,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Bandooz,I like the game. But please do something about the injury. Half of my team out for at least 2-3 months. Looking forward for the next update. (injury prone fixed)
76561198056856861,Recommended,482730,26225871,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Ruskii,"Great as always. Enjoying the new features, can still be a bit to easy sometimes but i guess that can be avoided by setting yourself additional challanges."
76561198172925042,Recommended,482730,26222523,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,seggaf,"This game is far from perfect, the injury and not satisfied player is very annoying. But I think this is the best Football Manager for now, so much improvement than before, I still love this game..."
,Recommended,482730,26285964,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,LeeChamp,"I been playing this game since 2011. Never missed a single version.I enjoy every version. For just around 30 USD, I really cant complaint much. Sometimes players just enjoy whinning and complaint every possible tiny details. Some complaint that the game is too difficult, some complaints that the game is too easy or not realistic or too realistic.Come on people. Stop whinning or just ask for refund. No wonder i dont read game review anymore. I buy a game if i want to play it. Not buy a game and criticise every single component. You guys remind me of food critic. Dine in a restaurant and act like a bimbo. Most of the have zero idea how to cook or what the food is even made of. But provide very negative review as in the chef has murdered their family.Sorry for my terrible english"
76561198007467181,Recommended,482730,26344484,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Wolves in the Throne Room,"The best thing about FM 17 is the updated 3D match engine, it's not going to blow you away, but it is nice and is more fun to watch. That's about it and for players like myself who don't 'go on vacation' but actually manage on 'comprehensive' or 'extended' highlights the 3D view is important.There have been no changes to tactics, so if you were hoping for that forget it. My nephew's U10 team can press and close down better than FM 17 can.There are new interactions, some. The UI is a little different in places, it's mostly subtle changes here and there. I have a strong PC and never had an issue running a ton of leagues before, but the 64 bit does make it noticeably faster. So it's got that going for it...The player made graphics still work, though I think there will be a need for new panels or something to make them larger, modders will sort it out per usual.Honestly had I been able to play the beta for free to get a taste and not had a 20% discount for previous purchases (kinda telling isn't it? It's like they knew they'd need an incentive) and then had I encountered the bratty reactions to my completely acceptable and detailed feedback on a hot issue in the BETA phase, I may for the 1st time ever had stuck with my nicely modded FM 16. Offer me a full refund hassle free and I'll bite your hand off SI.I can't give a 'meh, take it or leave it' recommendation, I can only give a thumbs up or thumbs down.If you are happy with your modded FM 16 and have limited funds and are looking at this or another game, go for the other game. If you haven't played FM since '12 or '13 and money isn't an issue, go for it.It's a tidy little update that has been packaged as a new game. That's it.You will need to buy the in-game editor if you don't want to lose your top 4 players for 4-6 months within the 1st two to three weeks of the league (or don't want to steam roll to the title because your top rivals are hammered with similar injuries), so do keep that in mind.Until they get real competition, SI will get lazier and lazier, much like Fifa does. For a franchise that made almost $56 million in sales on FM 16 alone, it's pretty shameful that this is what we get frankly. If only we weren't so addicted to the sport."
76561198002390018,Recommended,482730,26379690,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,bryant_nicky,Really enjoying beta so far.Been playing since mid 90's however as i've gotten busier my interest in the game has started to decline.2014 was first year I didn't purchase on release date. 2016 first year I didn't buy it at all.Possily enjoying it so much after a year out so the changes stand out more rather than the continous minor tweaks.Match engine seems better and player interaction much improved.
76561198024141393,Recommended,482730,29541800,Posted: 28 January,all,DrunkNinja,One of the best fm game :]
76561198353855387,Recommended,482730,29144139,Posted: 9 January,all,Mildredddd,"This is my first fm game and I am hooked, a lot of bad reviews making me very confused. I understand that the game hasn't changed much since last time but for me I'm loving it. Would definitely recommend to any football fans"
,Recommended,482730,28720221,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,✪R0ck3T☢ CSGOFree.gg,Very great game and seems to be very realistic. The only problem I think is the simulating with the keepers running out after the ball sometimes.
,Recommended,482730,26407829,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,LOWKEY,"AMAZING GAME, ive played since 2003/04 and it just keeps getting better i love it"
76561198074928387,Recommended,482730,26407848,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Great Britain,"Its FM with new shiny bits, its a great game."
76561198346745084,Not Recommended,482730,30254050,Posted: 28 February,all,yiyixiaodai,"Because of Miles, the man who break his promise , I must give negative comment.This is not about the Chinese language , just about integrity and respect."
76561198050836839,Not Recommended,482730,30269953,Posted: 1 March,all,kpax,"No simplified chinese, so I must not Recommend this game"
,Recommended,482730,29771485,Posted: 7 February,all,Trimm Jong-Un,Completed it mate.
,Recommended,482730,26308248,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,xXx.360ºn0sC0p€.$w4G.y0L0.xXx,It's easier to quit drugs than to stop playing this game.
,Recommended,482730,28951686,Posted: 2 January,all,DLAN,"Even though i haven't played all that much, i've played enough to know that the constant negative reviews are unfair on the series. I've been a fm fan for a while and althought fm 17 hasn't brought the MOST updates ive ever seen in a series it is still a good solid game. I clocked over 1000 hours in both FM 13 and FM 14 and i don't find FM17 any worse than them, it is still an amazing football manager experience with different things happening in everybodies save which makes it unique and special. Not every annual release of every game has 5000 million updates. The franchise is still improving as a whole and im not sick of it. 9/10 would reccommend to any football fan."
76561198111414444,Recommended,482730,29739845,Posted: 6 February,all,F_rank,I had started this game since 2015. I feel never terrible from 3 years. And I also buy FM2017 and i enjoy game.And i will buy FM2018. THIS GAME IS MY GAME OF LIFE. JOIN THIS GAME..... GOOD GAME
76561198259955761,Recommended,482730,35162981,Posted: 23 September,all,freddylewisarthur,Lov it
76561198089521832,Recommended,482730,26398485,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Jazzaman,"I would strongly suggest to purchase this game. Despite still being in the beta stage it still is a great game and can only improve after full release. Results are more realistic, but at the same time youre not going to lose 3-0 to a team 3 divisions below you. The English premier league is the toughest league so its not going to be a simple walk to the title. But if you play to your team strengths then the game is brilliant."
,Recommended,482730,26396560,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,aaronmeadows,Best FM game in the series to date. it just keeps getting better and better. More in depth which is good. and much more realistic and nice aditions to the game.
76561198315742698,Not Recommended,482730,29940354,Posted: 15 February,all,Krystal,"Because of Miles, the man who break his promise , I must give negative comment.Miles is a fraud"
,Recommended,482730,26418699,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Senna,"First let me say that FM17 is my first FM game. I'm a Yank who fell in love with football during the 1994 WC in the U.S. and have been a big fan of international football first, but more and more I'm an EPL fan, especially since NBC now let's us see ALL EPL games. Anyway, I'd never really given FM any thought in the past because quite honestly, I was a bit intimidated by the depth of the game. However, I decided to give the FM16 demo a spin a month or so ago and then bought FM17 during beta release and I....CAN'T....QUIT.....PLAYING! While I'm still getting my head handed to me for the most part (although believe it or not, I did win the Champions League with Tottenham in one of my first seasons), especially trying to win with Swansea (yeah, I'm a Bradley fan), I have learned SO much about the game (both real football and this game) from lurking in the forums and reading user-created guides that have been stickied.Anyway, from what I can tell, the bad reviews are basically in one of three camps: 1. I'm Chinese and don't like the fact it isn't ported to Chinese 2. It is too much like previous versions 3. I can't win because of bugs or I'm just bad and won't admit it. While I can't speak about item 1, what is wrong with a game that is similar to the game you love with just a few more features on an annual basis? I've played over 100 hours and put down $50 and am just getting started. If I quit tomorrow and enjoyed myself, $2/hour is pretty cheap entertainment. Jeez guys, developers have to eat too so throw them a bone once a year if you like the game even if it doesn't contain earthshaking changes. As for item 3, I love the fact that I'm getting my butt kicked most of the time. In this day and age, everyone wants to win, but no one wants to put the time in that it takes to be good at something. After doing hours of reading in the forum tips/guides section, I'm actually starting to improve quite a bit and hope to someday coach Swansea into the top 4 and while I don't know if that will ever happen, I'm sure enjoying trying!If I was going to give a game bad reviews on steam, it would be due to stability issues, lack of replayability or just poor gameplay so it just boggles my mind that the major of reviews (about 66%) are negative? I'd like to give the developers a big thanks and tell them to keep up the good work because you've won a fan for life! If you are the analytical type who really wants to get a feel for what it must be like to be a real, football manager and are willing to put some time in to study up, this game is for you."
76561198192972513,Not Recommended,482730,29952723,Posted: 15 February,all,4life4-KK,"Chinese players said no Chinese give bad review because SI before promised China 20000 people purchase original game they went out of the localization, but buy genuine FM player would have more than 20000 people, and SI always do not deliver on promises, only provoked the wrath of the Chinese players, estimate SI forget his promise, or what he said was no credit."
76561198088543589,Not Recommended,482730,26286232,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,MCBeatHoven,we need simplified chinese version!!!
,Recommended,482730,26368524,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,someyounguy,"Good if you've never played fm before, not worth it if you've owned pretty much any of the last 3-4 fm games. SI talk about how they are proactive with fm games, but they really aren't. Ever since FIFA Manager was stopped FM has been the same game every year. As a typical FM player, I'll play the game loads and buy FM 18 anyway and that will probably contribute to SI's complacency."
76561197986700146,Not Recommended,482730,26297377,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,DoNotShotMyFace,No Chinese，No recommendation!
,Recommended,482730,26394343,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Max Wongdragon,"Is it a good game? Yes. Is it a massive upgrade from the 2016 version? No. I would definitely recommend it to people who dont have fm 2016. If you do have fm 2016 only get this if you are a true fm fanatic. Would also like to say with regards to the negative reviews those of you ♥♥♥♥♥ing about chinese language, it didnt claim it does chinese language so why did you buy the game if this is such an issue for you. And for the game engine issues, remember that everyone has only played the beta at this time."
,Recommended,482730,26832367,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vacationist,addictive as always
76561198050335058,Not Recommended,482730,30699561,Posted: 23 March,all,zzz,Nothing changes with 2016，and  lie to players
76561198009049661,Recommended,482730,26302196,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Ash7on,"Ignore the moaners, way ahead of anyone else 5*"
,Recommended,482730,26455733,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,gary.nicholls12,"Much better than last year (last years game was virtually unplayable for me due to constant bugs) with the only bug i have found being that sometimes alt+tabbing out and back into the game will result in a black screen but just repeaing the process fixes it. The customisation of the manager is nice if a bit to in depth for something that is superficial, the scouting system seems better despite beingthe same as last season (less black stars helps a lot). My only real complaints is that bookings seem to be given out for fun in this game, both for me and the computers, and some players seem to be massively under rated (will grigg should be much higher rated than he is given the amount of goals he scored) and positions seem to be mixed up for wingers with a fair few players (rangers wingers are the wrong way round that i noticed as well as oliver burke) but other than that a good game all round"
,Recommended,482730,28869457,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,DazzaC92,"Gets better every year, cannot understand the negativity."
76561198051460698,Not Recommended,482730,26268390,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,树下,"I hv bougth the fm games from 2009 to 2016,But SI hv lacked of chinese version for almost 10 years!It`s racism!"
76561198099256758,Recommended,482730,28389432,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Lucius Cornelius Sulla,"I dont know where all the negative reviews are coming from. The game has (in my opinion) improved on Fm16. The major diffrence being that right backs and left backs as well as crosses arent OP anymore. There are also many improvements aswell like better coach advice and updates.I think SI have done a good job of this. It has improved on FM16 but aparently this isnt enough for some people. I dont see why they want SI to reinvent the wheel.Overall, buy the game."
76561198316513715,Not Recommended,482730,29734710,Posted: 5 February,all,1103218535,No Chinese
76561198086017757,Not Recommended,482730,30566264,Posted: 17 March,all,164113686,Where is the chinese version ?Pls give an exactly answer
76561198078750124,Not Recommended,482730,28336027,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,chinakris,"No Simple Chinese, the manager is a lier! No Simple Chinese no recommend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Bad Game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198030068002,Recommended,482730,26407597,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Rashio,"No it is not groundbreakingly new compared to the old FMs however it is still an incredible game which deserves recognition. This game is far more in depth than most players actually realise. I have heard a lot of negatives about the same things as last year. People keep moaning that they can't win games or that their strikers won't score well..DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT. I haven't had any problems like that. Sure one of my strikers stopped scoring for 5 games but then i benched him, had a talk with him and then he scores a hattrick in the next game.Fix your tacticsFix your playersFix your attitude"
76561198359750259,Not Recommended,482730,30667326,Posted: 22 March,all,zhangyaomm33,Please tell us the exact or probably date. Because this is the focus that we Chinese players care.We refuse to get ambiguous answers. Such as ‘ is coming’ etc. Bull S-h-i-t ! Knock it off.
,Not Recommended,482730,32174923,Posted: 4 June,all,maxbuzin,too annoying
76561198008252613,Recommended,482730,26296993,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,dhairtre,"Still the best management game, untouchable. Vast improvement from 2016"
76561198023197058,Not Recommended,482730,26126803,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,kim8o13,wish i had not bothered. Game won't even start!!
76561198082908396,Not Recommended,482730,30669254,Posted: 22 March,all,luyihaochelsea,rubbish
76561198014941087,Not Recommended,482730,28978906,Posted: 3 January,all,ldjnuyan,"No chinese,  Rubbish!!!"
76561198210645729,Recommended,482730,29683481,Posted: 3 February,all,QgayE,But Chinese？？？
76561198317200784,Not Recommended,482730,30028391,Posted: 19 February,all,游学者周卓,no chinese language
,Recommended,482730,26287889,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,williamson462,"Hello personally I cant wait for the full version of this game as I loved the 16,15 and 14 seasons of the game. I dont know why people are so negative about this version as it clearly says beta version! Just wait until 4th November when it comes out then all issues will be resolved...."
76561198002434490,Recommended,482730,26539640,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,mrt,great product and always gets better
76561198338497810,Recommended,482730,28754347,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,joshcoates94,Brilliant game but can be quite difficult to follow as given very little help on your journey.
76561198002715522,Recommended,482730,29047225,Posted: 5 January,all,tony.larrion,Best FM to date
,Not Recommended,482730,30420349,Posted: 9 March,all,英格兰长弓,For the Chinese version you've promised.
76561198090148674,Not Recommended,482730,29162855,Posted: 10 January,all,1323412,Negative！！！No Chinese
76561198254050698,Not Recommended,482730,29719962,Posted: 5 February,all,16Aimar,"Because of Miles, the man who break his promise , I must give negative comment.This is not about the Chinese language , just about integrity and respect."
76561198008676174,Recommended,482730,29262408,Posted: 14 January,all,A Grouchy Llama,I've put over 1k hours into this game and I am still enjoying it.
76561198025049501,Recommended,482730,29230590,Posted: 13 January,all,jakeparker92,Thank you SI for another great game!
76561198109783431,Not Recommended,482730,30272786,Posted: 1 March,all,SevenSuN,no Chinese！！
76561198091328520,Recommended,482730,26411327,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,heroies,Best fm manager ever guys who have issues giving up goals download tactics from websites and work on it. I bought the last 2 iterations and its been great. Playing as middelsbroug and barely finished 17 didnt go down due to goal difference just brilliant and addictive. Havent slept for a few days bec of this game.
,Recommended,482730,26408501,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,vox_cati,"A worthy successor to FM2016.I'm loving the 3D match interface improvements over the previous editions, as well as having back-room advice pop up in relevant areas rather than being consigned to a hard-to-find screen.  The inbox has been spruced up, and everything seems a bit quicker, too.Specifically, I'm not seeing the match engine problems that some other folks are complaining about - Neuer (Cech in my case) missing obvious saves, etc.  If anything, the matches feel more real than ever before."
76561198341973362,Recommended,482730,28340520,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,akhilsrv0812,Best game ever!!!!
76561198082218233,Not Recommended,482730,29087990,Posted: 7 January,all,dtcrummenigge,I love this game.
76561198032189173,Recommended,482730,26566342,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,tomreece,This game and version is brilliant end of.
76561198118234502,Recommended,482730,30632331,Posted: 20 March,all,jslip,Brilliant game so far but should put women's football in aswell and make it more realistic
76561198059975330,Recommended,482730,26407674,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,SELOMEN,can't wait !!
76561198107715458,Recommended,482730,26408804,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Michu,"I was skeptic about this year's fm,but goddamnit its so good."
76561198162778856,Recommended,482730,26408861,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Admiral Ackbar,"To whom it may concern,Football Manager is arguably the best representative sample of what it takes to manage any kind of football club in the world, and do so in a variety of different styles.  This year's edition allows for a more comprehensive user immersion by allowing the player to generate his/her face into the game.  The match engine has also been redefined as well as a retouching of certain UI features, game features, and the customizable part of the player's game.I love football, and I highly recommend this game to all lovers of the beautiful game and non-lovers alike.  However, I do not recommend this game for the casual football manager or the uninformed supporter of a mjaor club who can barely name ""their club's starting XI"".  Football Manager 2017 allows us as fans of the franchise to become evven more involved at the clubs we know, don't know, or the one our friends dared us to create.  Football Manager 2017 is an improvement of an already unique franchise and this year's edition does not disappoint.What I Like:I. I like that I can now put my face into the body of my manager and he is truly a personal creation much like my legacy to come in Football Manager.  I am an Arsenal man myself, with a few kits and a scarf to compliment it.  I also made my avatar manager to look like me (since I always dress up everyday in and out of game).  My manager has become a personality within the game, but he exists outside the game when I flap my arms bemoaning the fact that my top-notch striker who I dished out $50 million for is writhing on the ground from a cynical challenge.II. Football Manager has given me even more control of my tactical approach.  I remember my lists of instructions from Football Manager 2015 being 15 items long (no wonder you all are laughing and my players could never blend into the side).  The condensed tactical options have put more emphasis on matchday decisions and tweaking of a basic set of instructions for my team.  As a manager, matchday preparation is as important as the substitutes used and instructions given on matchday.III. The coaching system gives me the ideal staff I want as a manager.  As a top-notch Premier League club, I want to bring in world-class coaches to enhance my chances of a title run.  Meanwhile, a lower tier club around the world must make the most of limited resources at its disposal.  This creates a game within the game as quality coaching at any level can help your squad achieve the success you, the manager, have been cooking up.IV. The addition of social media.  Although very limited in scope, the addition of social media helps to bring the life of a modern manager to the game.  I can now see what my supporter's spokesperson is emphasizing and how my supporters react to my latest run of matches or the big transfer target I just busted the bank for.  In my opinion, it was about time the mailroom got a new addition because I remember the days when my inbox would have 25 messges a day because of all of my subscriptions to stay informed.V. The new way injuries are denoted.  As an avid spectator of football, I am accustomed to hearing injury diagnosis on air by the match commentators.  Football Manager added that this year and I believed it helped enhance my experience even more.  I remember when I would cautiously sub off a knicked player because I did not know the extent of his injury, only that my assistant recommended that the player come off.  With today's additions of new technologies avaiable for diagnosis, it was about time I had more than physios diagnosing injuries.What I Don't LikeI. I am still not a fan of the 3D match engine.  I know that the FIFA franchise by EA is where that can be found, but I believe that Sports Interactive needs a greater involvement in devloping the match engine.  It has come leaps and bounds since FM 15 when players looked lost on the pitch, but more is needed in this area.  The revamped engine found in FM 17 is quality, but I would like to see more from Sports Interactive in the future.II. Not all leagues and clubs have an official liscense with SI.  In the future, I would like to see SI use its connections to get official FIFA sponsorship for all leagues, clubs, and players.  Out of the Park Developments did this with their MLB and NHL games and it has paid dividends.  While FaceGen is still lacking, FM could surpass this with their own official sponsoring from FIFA and numerous high-profile players.III. The transfer market is still unbalanced.  I know that top-class players warrant high fees, but it is ridiculous to me that a club in a precarious financial situation will demand more than acceptable fees for players.  I understand this oocurs in the real tranfer market, but it is not the only method of business.  I find it hard to have players live up to fees and I wish that the game balanced transfers slightly more.This review is unofficial and posted on behalf of my own account.  I hope you all decide to buy this title as it does live up to its hype.  Overall I agree with the metacritic score of 80, the game is great, but certain features hamper the experience.In the future I would love to see touchline antics and celebrations for managers because they do exist around the world (nothing gets my blood flowing like agitating the fourth official), a better match engine because I feel like FM 17 underperformed in this regard, and a way to compete with your favorite clubs in a create a league mode where you create a club through a fantasy draft and square off against the champions of the world (club or national team).Disclaimer: I do not recommend FM 17 if you are not willing to invest time to know the happenings of world football.  The game is not as rewarding that way and $50 USD is a lot to pay for a game you may never understand."
,Recommended,482730,28552688,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Ramona-Beezus,"More real, but must have more improvements"
76561198119616433,Recommended,482730,26719253,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Angel_Castiel_,Once again a solid entry from Sports Interactive. Improvements made in every area. Loving the game as always. Highly recommend it for anyone who enjoys FM or enjoys football itself.
76561198076145293,Recommended,482730,26726646,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,left_side83,No complaint.... Great Game.
,Recommended,482730,31479817,Posted: 30 April,all,it's me dave,Ignore the negative reviews from the Chinese who were angry that FM2017 initially didn't have a Chinese version.This game is 10/10.
76561198059828324,Recommended,482730,26280069,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,johnwaddellwallace,"When trying to create a club on the Beta version, everything is good until you get to the page to edit the kits and name the club . It doesn't allow you to go any further.Can I ask if this is because it is the Beta version or is there a problem with my download, I don't want to start a new career game then have to restart again in a few days as I like to start my career by creating a new club"
,Recommended,482730,26346012,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,martinellis12345,i have always been a fan of football mamabr series
,Recommended,482730,26359220,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Eleganto,"new fm all said, needs fixes with game crashesalso needs update on interviews and personal chats"
76561198097801216,Recommended,482730,26240197,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,今晚吃鸡,"some changes are amazing.but injury is so frequently, I hope it will be fixed when the normal edition is released."
,Recommended,482730,26317840,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,canopenercolin,Great game massive upgrade to FM16. The game does a lot of good but a lot of bad too. The most annoying thing the game does is when your ingame and u go to tactics u cant see your players condition. Thats a small problem but super annoying. Goalkeeping is terrible too. I would type more but im having a withdraw rn from not playing it righ now.
,Recommended,482730,26319769,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Brizo,"I'm baffled by the ""mostly negative"" reviews on here.What everyone has to remember is the fact that this game is still in BETA. As of right now, I've not played much - around 22hours in the game and so far i've found it very similar to FM2016 until I fully understand the logic behind the Sports Scientists, analysts and other new key features - which I'd imagine I'll have to explore the game and test out a bit more to know. Unfortunately, no highlights of stats appear against them which is a negative right now, but i'd imagine this will be fixed.Playing in the scottish leagues again, I feel as if for several years now that I'm still struggling to sell players, but every other club around me can offload their ""prized possessions"" so quickly and easily and turn a quick buck, whereas I'm struggling to sell a single player before I simply release them a year or two down the line as they just don't meet my requirements any more.On the other hand of all of this, I feel the signing of players is much MUCH better. I'm not too sure what SI changed in regards to this, but there is a sense of realism to it now where I can actually sign players for roughly the value i'd expect to sign them for - instead of most clubs asking for 10s or millions of pounds for a player that is no where near his potential, nor will I be able to sell him at his prime, or for him to even reach his prime for me.All in all, It's similar to FM16, except when some of the new features has a bit more depth and a few fixes in to prevent any bugs, it'll be a great game."
76561197984835083,Recommended,482730,26355996,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Take a look,sigh... Chinese....
76561198046587620,Recommended,482730,26555930,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ToxicTurbo2,"I am unsure why there are so many angry reviews on FM17. I think its a vast improvement of FM16. The introduction of a 64 bit version means performance has dramatically improved.  The new panels to analyse your games to see where your team is flawed is brilliant. People were expecting a whole new game compared to FM16. I'm not sure where this expectation came from. As far as bugs in the game, I have not seen any as of yet. It appears many reviews are because it is not as easy to play as FIFA! Such as 'Teenage players cost too much' the solution is that you clearly are not a big enough club to focus on that heavily. If you look at the top teenagers who have transfered in recent years, you'll notice that they often go for large fees... Its a simulation! What do you expect! If you want to sign young players then choose Man Utd or Man City who have lots of disposable income for that. I find most of the negative complaints on here utter rubbish with the main complaint it is too hard. The only reason I don't find it hard is because I have played the last two football managers heavily. If you want it to become less difficult, play it more and be willing to learn it.Also, there is a Demo version so perhaps you should've tried that before you bought it."
76561198002678973,Recommended,482730,28446623,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Scoly1991,gud
,Recommended,482730,35181983,Posted: 24 September,all,Flower Blossom,I need my life back
76561198006891685,Recommended,482730,35183178,Posted: 24 September,all,carlosa_512,Its alright.
,Recommended,482730,26358765,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Highbury,"Don't listen to all the haters. The amount of work required to keep working on the same game and concept year after year is quite a lot.FM17 is the first FM in years that has A LOT of improvements. Yes, the match engine and the interface are almost quite similar in comparison to the last two FMs.. but its the tiny things and the tiny changes that make it waay better than any fm over the past few years. Stats, player info, pre and post match analyses, player conversations and all. Its all the new tiny details added this year that make it so great. And to be quite honest, these tiny details are why we love this game. Adding all the small and trivial details that a real life manager has to go through.I really dont understand what 'New features' most of these people were expecting. Yes, the game is in the end a program and has it's flaws, but it's quite close to being a totally realistic simulation than any other football game out there.In my opinion, this is the best FM in 3-4 years in terms of improvements. Improvements which stay pretty close and ture to the original purpose of the game, which is to make you feel like a real football manager.9/10"
,Recommended,482730,28397157,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,SirKnowsAlot,"Its simple guys if you like it you buy, But if you buy it for the sake of hating it i suggest you to not buy it at all Clearly the game is good for me, Just hate the chineses disliking this game for having no chinesePS: Sorry for bad english"
76561197997251203,Recommended,482730,26453592,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,gmx,"This is definitely not a game that you can judge by its covers. It's covers are plain, old and dusty. But once you ""open"" it and start playing you discover level of detail and sophistication (player database, statistics, tactical preparation, man management etc.) that you won't find in any other football game. It's realistic, demanding and ruthless. And you will get punished if you don't pay attention to details. In short, if you want a hardcore manager simulation then this is the game for you, if you're a casual gamer just look away."
76561198064297291,Not Recommended,482730,26381246,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,connorwinnett,"as a big football manager fan looked forward to this but im afraid to say its a shambles, ♥♥♥♥♥iest edition yet a.i is too good ive managed madrid, psg, celtic, man utd all are the same♥♥♥♥♥♥transfer budget first 4 games on all saves only got 1 win, you get dominated by small teams when playing at home, if i could have my money back i really would failing that i wll by the editor and ruin the gamE JUST TO WINTHANKS FOR NOTHING MILES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198088685604,Not Recommended,482730,26289883,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,鱼洲,"No Simplified Chinese, No recommendation"
76561198007522105,Not Recommended,482730,26137424,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,CaptainCraigles,"Lets start off with the good, all the new touches to the Inbox, how staff work and transfers are fantastic. Now to the bad (and where it counts) the 2 most important aspects, the tactics and how they translate onto the pitch, the tactics are exactly the same, literally nothing new and the match engine is no different to FM16. Apart from these two MASSIVE issues the rest of the game is fine. If you dont like change then this is the game for you."
76561198021267307,Not Recommended,482730,29336607,Posted: 18 January,all,alexgg,"no chinese, no respect!where is our human rights?"
76561198258693950,Not Recommended,482730,26280107,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,casimir_li,No Chinese
,Recommended,482730,26429688,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,bradp,good game
,Recommended,482730,26392250,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,kenan3cn,Great game. A worthy upgrade from last year's entry.
,Recommended,482730,26414776,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Sundar,"It's a shame the game is being Metabombed by people unhappy about localisation as it continues to improve and add features year on year. I'm a long time fan of the series who has had their ups and downs with it over the years but I'm really enjoying this version, so take that as you will.Some things I've noticed that I like:- Improved match engine. Refinements everywhere, players make decisions and act more fluidly over previous versions though can still seem a bit ice-skatey and ponderous from time to time. Your team does what you tell them for the most part, it seems easier to tell when things aren't working through assistant feedback and player's body language, in-match tactical changes and team talks have a visible effect.- Many screens are overhauled and streamlined, often giving you the options to perform the action you need to take as and when applicable, really cuts down the time spent digging through screen after screen for the information or options you want.- Interacting with people (players, board, agents, press) is improved. You can talk to a prospective signing before hand to give them a clearer idea what you expect from them and make promises to convince them to join. Agents are still all Satan himself.- On top of all the stats and analysis that were added in recent years, you can get reports about your matches and opponents that give actual insight into how best to prepare your side and tactics. What's working and what's not. Where their weaknesses might be.I give it 9 To Dare Is To Do's out of 10 Danny Roses."
76561198257853834,Not Recommended,482730,26272182,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,BKCHKC,"Even i am in Canada, still support to have a chinese version of this game, which i have been with for more than 10 years."
,Not Recommended,482730,26686921,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Canyon,no Chinese no good
76561198012756957,Recommended,482730,26422759,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,mrdcunningham,"Not really sure what people are moaning about, yes it is pretty much the same game as FM2016, 2015, 2014 etc, but that is always going to be a given, buying this game is effectively a subscription to football manager, it costs £35 a year to get the latest database with a few tweaks- Gameplay, pretty much the same, can be good, can be frustrating- New features, not much change"
76561198002788294,Recommended,482730,26333391,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Dave,best FM yet imo.
76561198075873786,Not Recommended,482730,29981760,Posted: 17 February,all,带九个傻逼玩玩,"Bad faith,because you promised chinese"
,Recommended,482730,26427665,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,RedCoat,"People are moaning about this game and yeah sure its not perfect. The AI is still dodgey and transfers are borken and bla bla bla bla bla! This game is £35 and if you liked FM in the past, you will get your money worth! Its not FM2012 but its a good game which HAS improved from 2016 and is worth a play if you enjoy the FM series.People have unreal expectations, its a game not real life and IMO FM is the best game series out there and FM17 does not hurt that one bit. They aren't many games that for 30/40 quid you can get thousands of hours out of it.Biggest improvement in the series in a number of years and worth if this is your thing!"
,Recommended,482730,26363546,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,👽🐬 Old Black Nerd🐬👽,Nothing is funnier than negative reviews of this game with players already playing 20+ hours of this game and still playing it.It's Football Manager. Updated. Remember what reviews said about the game last year? That it was no different than the prior year? And the same with 2015 and 2014?Football Manager fans are fanatic and hilarious... they'll play a game they won't recommend for hundreds of hours.
,Recommended,482730,26502602,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,AndreiDumi,The intelligence of both opposition managers and all the players has been improved and there are subtle positive tweaks to all the core mechanics that improve the overall experience. The social feed is not a revolution but it does add some atmosphere and the overall extended focus on interactions and club management feels just right. The game might be getting a little too complex for its own good but I am still willing to spend hundreds of hours playing around with Liverpool.
76561198283819804,Not Recommended,482730,29060763,Posted: 6 January,all,9980198,"NO CHINESE, NO RECOMMEND!"
76561198068047393,Recommended,482730,26510220,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,The Ratio,I love this game. Its definitely worth the money if you think your going to play hours on hours like I do.
76561198099174723,Not Recommended,482730,28927663,Posted: 1 January,all,有梦无心,No Chinese
,Recommended,482730,26408499,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,twitch.tv/the_reckonist,"Just enough to justify a full price release and not just a database update. SI are masters at this. Honestly, wait for a sale unless you, like me, will get 1000+ hours on it."
76561198086034571,Recommended,482730,26253372,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Schramkb,"The amount of negativity is truyly amazing, although 90% is angry china men ranting off about no chinese leagues and language. The game it selfe is good , needs a bit of tweeks in the overlay department and injury amount is just truly ridiculous. starting with 1-2 in pre season ... fine...then ongoing 5-6 withing the first 3 games of the season is just nuts... all at least 4-6 weeks. anything else is fine"
76561198169063681,Not Recommended,482730,32558316,Posted: 18 June,all,DarkSniper11Z,"I really want to like this game but the gameplay is so boring, just play fifa"
76561198050361976,Not Recommended,482730,29054006,Posted: 5 January,all,一换一,"In a word,no chinese no recommendation!"
,Recommended,482730,26560920,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Im not energized or tired Robbie,♥♥♥♥ those ching chongs
76561197991930868,Recommended,482730,26701856,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,DeNordain,"Best version this far. Love the match engine and how stuff works, clear improvement to earlier versions of FM.Easier to work the stats of the players on the after game reports, really helpful.I'm lovin' it!"
76561198343305511,Not Recommended,482730,26679771,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,28066091,I am so disappointed that there is no Chinese language.The game developer is lack of foresight.
,Not Recommended,482730,29164802,Posted: 10 January,all,贝拉吉奥青年人,I think i should see Simplified Chinese!SEGA is the bilker!:(
,Recommended,482730,26421813,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Eric Cartman,"As Football Manager 2016, was, at least for me, a failure, I started FM2017 with a dose of scepticism. I preordered it though,  because I buy it every year, and in terms of hours spents, it always justifies it's value.After about 40 hours of BETA, and now some hours with full version, I have to say that I don't find any big issues with it. Interface is polished, UI is responding quickly due to 64bit version, everything goes smooth. And most important part, the match engine, this year seems very good. As bad as Crossing Manager 2016 match engine was, this is complete opposite. It is more balanced, more fluid, and you have feeling that your instructions are playing the part.I do definately recommend it.8/10 for me."
76561198077634163,Recommended,482730,26415717,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,yoshimcubb,More bones
,Recommended,482730,26321310,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Danny Wonders,Great Game used to love playing the old champ man from the very start on my amiga lol. Not had it in a few years now since fm2012. Thought id give it ago this year as got bored of fifa so time to hang up my boots and get back into management. Runs super quick on my v average pc with a big enough database.Loving the 3d match viewsLoving the Fantasy draft modeLoving the Create a club modeNothing i dont like at the moment...
,Recommended,482730,26377650,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,[DON]stevridie,"Started out unemployed, got a job managing Weston-super-Mare.  Premier league here we come!"
76561198202358528,Not Recommended,482730,28911036,Posted: 1 January,all,johnny1028,We need to be simplified Chinese
76561198069222912,Recommended,482730,26306730,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,DiegoMS26,I love FM :)
,Recommended,482730,34279146,Posted: 16 August,all,Azzura,This game have no significant new feature since fm 2015
76561198112839267,Not Recommended,482730,32242907,Posted: 7 June,all,Matt Garcia,s**t
76561198102327564,Not Recommended,482730,28854811,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,oldXX,"No Chinese language, no respect"
76561198274132250,Not Recommended,482730,29716963,Posted: 5 February,all,sanfen,Broke out ur words and gouging on chinese players!Miles could be a fan of trump...
76561198271078893,Recommended,482730,26288314,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,SpitfiresonFM,Good game lie 16 but INJURES!!!!!! i started a save with no injures just 1 month in already got 7 the lleast time of those is 4 weeks please fix this
76561197984523501,Recommended,482730,29578706,Posted: 29 January,all,Maverick5323,llll
76561198084054097,Recommended,482730,29579395,Posted: 29 January,all,KobeHenryCH,"Everytime Arsenal gets stunned or beat, with no doubts i am get the oppoent ♥♥♥♥ed off~hiahiahia"
76561198051360668,Recommended,482730,29577045,Posted: 29 January,all,bananahero1,"love fm games, spend so many hours playing them"
76561198072021901,Recommended,482730,26421992,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,csh0rtyuk,Best version yet
76561197986540747,Recommended,482730,26540232,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,redWedding,As rich and fulfilling as any of the previous installments that I've had the pleasure of playing. Well worth the 30 pounds I pay every year and I would recommend this installment to any FM fan.
,Recommended,482730,28368445,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,nlr352,"-Started Career w/ Man City-Won Champ. league, efl cup, prem in first season-Accidentaly delete the game before my second season :)This game is fun and has better graphics than FM16. I love the game and the fact that the amount of time your team has spent with your tactics matters is amazing in this game and really interesting to me. Would reccomend, don't be discouraged by all the bad reviews!"
,Recommended,482730,28266787,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,daily llama,yes
76561198102390626,Not Recommended,482730,29166143,Posted: 10 January,all,Jaqen H'ghar,Incompatible with Chinese characters
,Recommended,482730,32204943,Posted: 5 June,all,cumtown,noodles
,Not Recommended,482730,32209701,Posted: 5 June,all,™Kanna Kamui,not as fun as previous installment of FMs
76561198098137248,Not Recommended,482730,29718248,Posted: 5 February,all,华塑kaxop@0326,"Because of Miles, the man who break his promise , I must give negative comment.This is not about the Chinese language , just about integrity and respect."
76561198167970380,Recommended,482730,26142689,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,abhigyan123,"How does the beta turn into the complete version? on the 4th of November, what am i supposed to do for it to be the complete version? does it automatically get updated or something?"
,Not Recommended,482730,26245025,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Taylor,Underdog team one shot on target +score simulator 2017
76561198339420371,Recommended,482730,26173111,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,xiangjizheng1995,"I love Football Manager, but I do know how disappointed my Chinese fellows are when they can not play the game in Chinese. To make both the developers and the gamers happy, please add a Chinese version. Even a Chinese language patch could help."
76561198065482807,Not Recommended,482730,26547897,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,莲花山咔窿漂移王,No Chinese，No recommendation !
76561198068194265,Recommended,482730,26502794,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Renaissance_Man,"Don't often write too many reviews, but THIS IS EXCELLENT! everything you do matters more than ever before. 64 hours in 5 days is stupid. I don't play that amount of time on games often. I can't keep off of it. Equally enthralling as it is frustrating. When you get things right though, god it feels good. EVERYTHING MATTERS! no more one style fits all. Can't rush through seasons. Honestly I don't understand the negative reviews here. Last one I enjoyed was FM 2013. I've had no crashing or any issues of any kind.............. Buy it!"
76561198011464212,Not Recommended,482730,26483239,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,ziyihu,18 languages but with out Chines是？！ Someone should be fired ！
76561198338256772,Not Recommended,482730,26291333,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,1061871679,"No Simplified Chinese,and you just lie,and lie,and lie"
76561198353949674,Not Recommended,482730,28677471,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,panyi0707,"No Simplified Chinese, No respect to customers."
76561198014492401,Not Recommended,482730,29984771,Posted: 17 February,all,Lable,"No simplified Chinese, no good."
76561198348918553,Not Recommended,482730,28655675,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,1688516,一般来说我不支持因为没有中文差评游戏，不过这款游戏除外。说话不算话，承诺不兑现，百般推诿，威胁玩家。真是啥都干出来了。
,Not Recommended,482730,26427439,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Takuma Sato,We want Chinese version. What a loser's game!
,Recommended,482730,26592762,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Brienberg ♕,Good.
,Recommended,482730,26652288,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Chong,Can't understand the negative comments on this game. Solid effort again this year with a few nice changes.
76561198047583688,Recommended,482730,26482971,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Mactou,"The improvements in the match engine are alone worth 50 bucks. Some bugs are still present, but I'm shocked why would people give this game a negative review. Best manager game ever created"
,Not Recommended,482730,29560573,Posted: 29 January,all,282736528,"No Chinese, No commendation"
,Recommended,482730,26206888,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,FluxuateZ,Great Game but i realized that some players isnt added
,Not Recommended,482730,29760524,Posted: 7 February,all,siven,no Chinese no respect.
76561198028946803,Recommended,482730,26262242,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Johnny Cage,"I am writing this because I agree with some writers that something needs to be done to make things right and negate all the unjust negative reviews.I am not going to get into detailing why there are negative reviews caused by the non-existant chinese version,but instead will point out that I've been enjoying FM/and before that CM games for mor than a decade.So to be precise,from back when this game was actually called Championship Manager 2 and every FM game from its start Football Manager 2005.I have never had problems adopting to English version and even all of my currencies are in pounds even to this day.Since I am coming from the Balkans,all of our leagues were not even been present to this day in the game (for example Bosnian league is still not there) over the course of the games life,not mentioning the language at all.Focusing on to the other side of this reviews,whenever FM came out,there has alwayws been complaints about specifically - "" too many injuries"",""too many woodworks"",etc...Some of them were possibly true,depends of the savegame,but were corrected in patches after the games release.I am pointing this out because this is a beta version.Getting to the good things about the game,I can only say - It is a classic FM game I enjoy every year + some new stuff and improvements.It is what I've expected and it has been delivered,and what I think most users ask from this game.It has been like this over the years and I hope it will be for a long time after this year."
76561198007225546,Recommended,482730,26414603,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Gwengers,A solid upgrade.
,Recommended,482730,26417581,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Dovahkiin,awesome game as always. all should ignore the bad reviews it has gotten of late!  giving a bad review just because you get injuries lol man.
76561198053042598,Not Recommended,482730,26376415,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,ali.almarri,no change in 3D match its same any FM since 2008 you must chang the match engine or i will not buy agine iam disapoint railly
76561198308828710,Not Recommended,482730,29049920,Posted: 5 January,all,ArcherWang,I Need Simplified Chinese.
76561198050208554,Recommended,482730,26420802,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,rmfarey,Another great version of Football Manager. Loved the Beta version and this continues into the full game. Loving it!
,Recommended,482730,26289826,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,fajar ali musthofa,recommended gane
,Recommended,482730,26291208,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,FKU,chinese unrecommend terror lol
76561197982277735,Recommended,482730,26432986,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Dudey,"This is a really solid update from last year's entry. The match engine is much improved and it feels as though your tactics have more of an influence on the game. Negotiating with agents/players feels more realistic than ever and the UI is generally more streamlined. The whole game runs a lot better and the load times seem greatly reduced.The only negative so far is the social feed. It feels a bit redundant and tends to recycle the same messages, but it hardly has a negative impact on the overall experience. I just feel as though they could have spent that time and energy on other aspects of the game.It's still the best football management sim out there. I've bought all of these games going back over a decade, and this is a definite improvement on 2016. Ignore all of the troll reviews - if you want to take your local team from obscurity to Premier League glory, it's still the best game out there."
,Not Recommended,482730,30271656,Posted: 1 March,all,不可描述,"still have no Chinese ,so disappointed  disgusted ,pls disappear"
76561198002941558,Recommended,482730,26113796,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Hidden,fun
,Recommended,482730,26422153,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,NanShanker420,this game is called Football Manager 2017
76561198002674113,Recommended,482730,26263976,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Rug_Master87,no chinese no problem
76561198261356507,Not Recommended,482730,26275390,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,hxjian,"Only 29% positive, so no recommend. Everybody knows why."
76561198060293319,Recommended,482730,28970632,Posted: 3 January,all,griff5588,Best football manager sim i have played
76561198162147296,Not Recommended,482730,28820655,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ding0820,no chinese no respect.买游戏给差评
,Recommended,482730,29323266,Posted: 17 January,all,PoachingSloth,10/10 must buy for any FM fan.
76561197973889281,Recommended,482730,26419441,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Subby,I've never been let down by a FM game. This one is no exception. I'll continue to buy until I find one I don't sink 100s of hours into.
,Recommended,482730,26412915,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Djb_gamez,"Best Football manager yet, more realistic! I used to choose one tactics and buy players to fit it and i'd win win win as long as my players were stronger, now tactics seem more effective, if my defence is high up that reflects on the pitch when watford lob a ball over the top of my back line to a man running free. it is more difficult because it is more realistic and that is brilliant! a couple of licenses lost are the only negative i have found so far.Edit: Forgot to mention the game is so much faster now it is x64, allowing it to utilize people with multiple processors thus speeding up day time, i no longer have time to watch a youtube video alongside football manager as the days resolve the fixtures so quickly"
76561198169535329,Recommended,482730,26457752,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,wuggs1978,I think its great.
,Recommended,482730,28502136,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,utkuvural,17.2 GÜNCELLEMESİNDEN SONRA GÖZLEMCİLİKTE HATALAR OLUŞMUŞ. BİR OYUNCUYU BİR KERE GÖZLEMLEDİĞİNİZDE TÜM ÖZELLİKLERİNİ ORTAYA ÇIKIYOR. BU BİR HATAMI YOKSA GÜNCELLEME ÖZELLİĞİMİ ?
76561198297985735,Recommended,482730,28682508,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,✪ spRinT,badgood
,Recommended,482730,29428557,Posted: 22 January,all,charltonathleticforeva,Fantastic game i love fm
76561198007422969,Not Recommended,482730,26122371,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,100,"Same crap different Year, player data update. little bit hear and there patch, this should call football manager 14 update update update update....sad sad day for people who love this game.i mean come on man, give us a chance to be the owner of the club.  i for once would love to run Man utd as a chairman or big boss, rather than stuck to the same crap about managering nothing change."
76561198047062105,Recommended,482730,26263215,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Oran,"I don't usually write review but this game is great and doesn't deserve the ""mostly negative"" review. It is everything you can expect from football manager game."
,Recommended,482730,26260943,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,brotherhid,"Edited: Now that SI working on Chinese translation, I guess there is no reason to bash this game againIt's actually a decent game... Not the best FM game, but still good. I can't compare this with the last year FM, but from 2015 game, it's a quite good upgrade... Great actually.Need a lot of fix, and I hope they fixed this on full release...Overpowered AI when your team tactical familiarity is full just taking too much.Ok, the enemy knows my team's weakness, it doesn't mean that they can easily counter it...Need much much much work to do with ""realistic"" match engine...God goalkeeper, stupid defence, massive injuries, etc. It's an old♥♥♥♥♥♥taken from previous version that keep coming on every year...And, I hope they who gave this game negative review JUST because a language package, can fix their review if SI give Chinese language on release."
76561198074354331,Not Recommended,482730,26313346,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,liyi_gf,No material improvements compared to the last version.
76561198075568695,Not Recommended,482730,26600375,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,赢一把就睡觉,NO CHINESE
76561198218984523,Not Recommended,482730,29224963,Posted: 13 January,all,lqjz4444,where is   chinese??                                             说好的中文版呢？我特意买一份游戏来差评你。
76561198122856779,Not Recommended,482730,30716771,Posted: 24 March,all,Swag_Gong,♥♥♥♥♥has no chinese
76561198026842529,Recommended,482730,26449886,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,ashking17,Great as always
76561198350220018,Not Recommended,482730,28654596,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,75331626,no Simplified Chinese !  no good
76561198029321504,Not Recommended,482730,29951584,Posted: 15 February,all,送人头到你飞,no chinese
,Not Recommended,482730,26304126,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Syndro,"worst fm to date. the most unrealistic football you can ever hope to see. if football was played like this in real life then grimsby town would win the champions league in 5 years because this game defies logic. players make the stupidest decisions ever ( your players that is) whereas your opponent ( could be a pub 5 a side team) can effertlessly outplay your world class team without dropping a sweat. don't buy this game its  a complete joke, a rip off."
76561198076144565,Not Recommended,482730,26439905,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,wh1984224,"more and more Chinese players willing to buy the game from steam, you even provide greek and korean, but no Chinese, are you out your fxxkin mind? I suggest you lay off your marketing team, at least come out the statitics number of the oversea chinese FM players please,"
,Not Recommended,482730,26269409,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,fufjvnvnf,I will keep giving bad feedback as long as there is no chinese.
76561198005279558,Recommended,482730,29005105,Posted: 4 January,all,adam_chapple,Great game!
76561198111251531,Recommended,482730,26281781,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,織姫.,"Finally, SI will translate it to Traditional Chinese and we still hope they can give us a simplified Chinese version."
76561198042708020,Recommended,482730,26262388,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,adamjohnburnett,"Ah FM2017 where have you been the last few years. It is so good to see you return.Unlike the 50 individual instructions per player managers, and the change your tactics every time you see a pass fail, I believe that a good tactic, a smart squad build, smart succession planning and development game time maketh the team. Only ego, panic and faux micromanagement can sink you.For the most part CM / FM always rewarded a steady hand on the tiller and punished panic.  But then the 'tactical managers' got their turn and the saddest post I ever saw, was this; 'even if you have a winning tactic, you must change your tactics at least 6 times per game or the AI will 'learn' and punish you in FMxx . Really ? If Sir Alex or Barca's tika taka didnt abandon the tactic before half time and throw in 6 different ideas for the one match, then the Everton or Real Sociedad manager would learn and beat you on the day? Seems historically unlikely and nice ego boost for managers (simulated and real) who think its their 5 minute segment brilliance that determined the sim or game.This years version (still in Beta = PLEASE dont change when the tactical crew whinge!) seems to be one for  the folks who value consistency and for that (and the 15K hours I've put into the game life to date - I thank the developers) It's our turn!!! woohoo.Its so good to build a 5 year team and then bring another 5 year team through because you had planned for it. Not have the game punish you in Jan, without fail,  for  not abandoning your plan.Not everyone has a 15 minute attention span! some of us go long......RAVE OVER ! I'm going back to play another 1500 hours in this years installment.Thanks again!"
76561198060770273,Recommended,482730,26265750,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,LordH,"Fantastic game,just like the FM-s before.I was pleasantly surprised by the improvements SI made this year.A lot of things were fixed compared to the FM 2016.Keep up the good work SI."
76561198002874307,Recommended,482730,26261106,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,supersiggs_16,"Even in Beta, this is a great update to the title. I've experienced no bugs so far, the new features add to the experience, Well worth buying if you play previous titles or you just enjoy football/stats based games"
76561198032161382,Not Recommended,482730,27789987,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,elvis-presley,"No Simplified Chinese, No commendation!!!"
76561198045354849,Not Recommended,482730,26256894,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,June Ma,"I owned FM series at Steam since 13, and perchased several CD version of FM before. As a loyal customer, I feel deeply hurt this year because of those comments by Mr. Miles Jacobson, the director of FM.His tweet in 2011 says that ""to do a Chinese translation, we'd need 20k of the people currently pirating to buy the game. And that's not going to happen."" After five years' effort, Chinese gamers make this happens, more and more FM fans choose to perchase FM from Steam in order to have Chinese translation version, however, Chinese translation never came.His recent replies cannot satify gamers who perchased this game, just making excuses. He never gave any detail reason about why they don't do that translation, just keep saying perchased people is not enough, people should keep buying. Those excuses make Chinese FM fans so dissapointed.As a soccer fan, I know that soccer is not limited by language that players use, so should this game. And it is not only about a translated version, it is about responsibility. As a game company, you should do what you said.As a FM fan, FM used to take up an important part in my heart, I played this game since I was a teenager. However, I will not recommand any of my friends to perchase this game. Because we don't deserve this discrimination."
,Recommended,482730,26481878,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Carpenter,"The people posting negative reviews were never going to be happy and probably mention that they haven't played FM in 5 years or longer. Game is great, improvement over last year. For once the improvments on the pitch really show. I love the new tactics screen and the new social screen(while it takes some getting used to) is pretty neat. Staff advice is far improved this year and is probably my favorite part of the new game."
76561198003129730,Recommended,482730,26439450,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,swell86910,Amazing game!  Absolutely love the whole series & this version is the best of them all.
,Recommended,482730,28577369,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Cockney Toad,It's Alright
76561198063873646,Not Recommended,482730,26256891,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Bioinformatics,there is No sincerity
,Recommended,482730,26259747,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,我Fuze今天就要炸死你这个瓜皮人质,This is a good game no matter it has Chinese or not.
,Not Recommended,482730,26171736,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,TBW96,This game is a glorified Database and is in general not fun at all.
76561198075991097,Not Recommended,482730,28587803,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,penggang,you will be proud of your decision，but...
76561198164028092,Not Recommended,482730,29978873,Posted: 16 February,all,天才少年李狗蛋,"I would not recommend it,no chinese."
76561198050600778,Not Recommended,482730,26260815,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,261893404,"14 start to buy genuine, still no Chinese support, but it supports the audience's smaller language. Obviously SI does not attach importance to the Chinese market, to the poor assessment is not for the game itself, but the developer of this negative attitude of resistance."
76561198113871862,Not Recommended,482730,26473767,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,xyf@8824,"No Simplified Chinese,no positive comments.Not for the language,but for the attitude."
76561198009142517,Not Recommended,482730,26125794,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Kurgen,"Yet again this game is a piece of crap. Unrealistic results, injuries and just pure crap i am looking to get my money back and i certainly wont be purchasing the next installment. C'mon 7 games in and not won 1...... my top striker who was one of the most prolific in recent years (in real life) cannot hit a barn door and pretty much every player plays at a 6.4 average.Shame on you FM17"
,Recommended,482730,26413070,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Henstar,It is quality.
76561198080747863,Not Recommended,482730,26258595,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,pengguohaocl,"The language of chinese should be added inIt's Feb 2017 now, where is chinese language? A man should have his words!"
76561198055998618,Recommended,482730,29240774,Posted: 13 January,all,Santacrazy,Very good game for a football head
76561198131748527,Recommended,482730,26265052,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Carnage,"Game is good, dont believe the ""mostly negative"""
76561198002245329,Recommended,482730,26424945,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,FrancisM89,I'm not addicted...
76561198305166305,Not Recommended,482730,26262135,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,穆里尼奥,No Chinese！
,Recommended,482730,26413627,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Marbah,"You need to exclude all those chineese reviews beforehand.This is a good fm game.The match engine is stable, has few slips but nothing like fm16 at first. The AI in defending is improved a lot and there are tons of new possibilities and features.Out of the recent fms this is one the best if not the best."
,Not Recommended,482730,26261756,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,火焰净化不了一切！,SI\SEGA GOOUT
76561198033101001,Recommended,482730,28942740,Posted: 2 January,all,tort888,Top Game lads
76561198029529758,Not Recommended,482730,26256880,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,reggiesun,"Miles Jacobson said that if SI can sell 30000 in China, SI will add the Chinese. But he didn't fulfill his promis. So we must give this game a low score couse of thers is no chinese version in game."
,Recommended,482730,26186586,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,YAY,Add Chinese!Imposible to play wihout Chinese!
76561198003675192,Recommended,482730,26264826,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Deimos,"Good edition, match engine looks alot better. lots of good tweeks here and there, like the social media ingame, nice touch. I would recommend this. I love football, and i like FM so it's an easy choice. There's no other football sim can  touch this franchise."
76561198077028919,Not Recommended,482730,26428068,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Fomalhaut,"i dont konw why there is chinese version of football manager,in china ,there are so many people like football andbuy  football games of genuine ,so we need the same treatment as other languages."
76561198148340466,Not Recommended,482730,26420902,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,带带大帅熊,No Chinese  No good
76561197972347986,Recommended,482730,26422209,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Liam,"Superb Game, great detail and realism. 10/10"
,Recommended,482730,34218072,Posted: 13 August,all,filip,Lovely
76561198107285363,Not Recommended,482730,29944245,Posted: 15 February,all,Tony,"Where's the Chinese version?U didn't realize your promise.U suck, Sega!"
,Recommended,482730,26435928,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,James Bond,Much much better then 2016!
76561198008795381,Recommended,482730,26115704,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Eugenm,ФК Барселона-чемпион!!Ура!!
,Not Recommended,482730,28231383,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,贤臊,no chinese no respect
76561198179017197,Not Recommended,482730,26221018,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Adventador64,takes too long
,Not Recommended,482730,28681794,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,kevenjie13,Where is official Chinese you promised?
76561198091174175,Not Recommended,482730,28669269,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,random,"I am interested in this game, but there is no Chinese Version which Miles betrayed his promise to publish, he is a lier and his behavior only shows racial discrimination."
76561198134730614,Recommended,482730,26580005,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,dominicoliver82,"You'll see a lot of negative reviews by keyboard warriors complaining that this isn't 'as good as the 2012' version.  Ignore that; these people are idiots, with ridiculous expectations built out of the frustration of never having a girlfriend and living in their parents’ basement at age 35.  I swear to God, some of them won’t be happy until they can give up their sad pathetic little lives and exist full time in Jose Mourinho’s VR face, while they fantasise about living in a Manchester Travel Tavern and getting in public spats with VR Paul Scholes about the advantages of operating quick attacking wingers with overlapping full backs.I’m also going to have to get pretty defensive of the developers.  How dare some people say that this is a rip off at £35.  They have one release update a year, which acts as their main source of income so we can, you know, keep the getting the game; and they can, you know, keep feeding their families! If you don’t understand how that works then♥♥♥♥♥♥off back in time to Communist Russia you absolute momo.  Plus, if you want to moan at a company for stupid prices then look at Firaxis who are charging £50 for Civ 6, while they release 3 updates and multiple DLC over the next year which will set you back upwards of £150 in total.Anyway; let’s put it in perspective:·	Is FM 2017 perfect - No.·	Is the match engine a little sketchy - Always has been probably always will be.·	Is it addictive - Yes.·	Are the people giving negative reviews still going to clock a 1000+ hours - YES!·	Is it the best football manager simulator on earth - HELL YES!Positives:·	What can I say other than it’s a typical FM update with some fun tweaks and changes.  We all know what to expect by now; you can’t expect revolution, but it’s about as close as a sim can come to reality with the current technology available.·	The staff development (sport scientists/data analysts) is great; I’ve wanted this side developed for years, as it’s as important as the players in modern football.  I do think that this is still rudimentary at this stage though, as I don’t think the ‘new’ staff really do much within the game, but certainly something that can be developed over the next few years.Negatives:·	The Social Media function is pointless; complete waste of time unless it is expanded upon and somehow enveloped into the news feed.Some really obvious glitches in the match engine (that I am confident will be fixed over the next few weeks), such as:  red card roulette, in that it is almost a challenge to finished the game with 22 men on the pitch."
76561198059380521,Recommended,482730,26415034,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,DreamsellerCky,Match engines alot better.
,Not Recommended,482730,28652952,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Barpy512,I must say I don't like this game because it doesn't have Chinese!!!!!!!We need Chinese Simple!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,482730,34279021,Posted: 16 August,all,RaiN,8 minutes of my life that i will never get back!
,Not Recommended,482730,32851383,Posted: 27 June,all,⎛⎝CritiCall⎠⎞,"FWKING GAME EVERRRRR , ALWAYS SEND ME TO INTERNET EXPLORER"
76561198162216410,Recommended,482730,26419536,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,jackluvsderby,its not got supporters in the stand
76561198289472792,Recommended,482730,26431401,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,衣冠白兔,so far so good
76561198290068643,Recommended,482730,26423834,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,adamjellis,Ivre downloaded it and was playing fine but suddenly cant open it
76561198174133773,Not Recommended,482730,26306972,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ZN,garbage game
76561198161277064,Recommended,482730,26434287,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Bianconero,"It's good nobody buys this game because of its reviews. A lot more info than the previous versions, tactical better, a lot more small unnoticeable areas are touched, something that should be praised!"
76561198081008765,Not Recommended,482730,29250950,Posted: 14 January,all,leitcy,"i've played FM for several years, but still want to say no Chinese, no respect! no good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198052113226,Not Recommended,482730,26260673,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,89374262,说好的两万套就给中文呢？LIER MJ！
76561198099645628,Not Recommended,482730,28707420,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Creep,no chinese no good
,Not Recommended,482730,26418503,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,男神,"I have palyed this game for many years, Why always no Chinese? It's my first time to comment on FM, i'm really disappointed."
76561198085313205,Recommended,482730,26412159,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,efryblanc,"Whoops, clocked in 50hours already"
76561198281962053,Not Recommended,482730,28928680,Posted: 1 January,all,outfoxwang,"no chinese, very nasty"
76561198018695060,Recommended,482730,26268958,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Sean,"SO MANYYYYYYYY CHINESE, OH WHY YOU SO ANGRY?! SHOULDN'T YOU BE DOCTOR NOW INSTEAD OF PLAYING VIRTUAL GAME!! SI DON'T LOVE YOU LONG TIMEAlso 11/10, games great.***update***The above is just a joke. I do believe SI should accomodate the Chinese and even though I disagree with the negative reviews, if you get what you want eventually then make them positive. Good luck =)"
,Recommended,482730,26408947,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Minnowmize,THE PLAYERS NOW HAVE MORE BONES!
76561198042964430,Recommended,482730,26409138,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Rypiee,Another fantastic installment of the game. People who are giving negative reviews becasue they can't pick up results is just stupid - it's like saying FIFA is bad becuase i cant score goal or COD is bad because I can't get kills. It just takes practice. Regarding the language issue - it is what it is. It doesn't make it a bad game. 10/10
76561198056378405,Recommended,482730,26415903,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Halpin,Best one yet!
76561198091180874,Not Recommended,482730,28622132,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Gabriel,"Sorry  I can't read English.  It's a good game,but I can't find the happiness because of my poor english.I think I should learn more, improve myself. then I will  play this game again."
,Not Recommended,482730,28669581,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,内存涨价比房快,We need Chinese(Simplified)
76561198003266387,Not Recommended,482730,26262700,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,donna_0724,Good game but impolite/rude response towards Chinese buyers
76561198038340370,Not Recommended,482730,26195656,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,kika335,so slow so slow.. 15 mins to get through a pre-season week with just the top 4 english leagues selected and small data base .  its not my laptop fm 15 works great. hope its sorted with a patch because fm17 could be a  tiny little step up from the 15 and 16
,Recommended,482730,26423720,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,MrcDD,Its Great. Simple.
76561198182259030,Recommended,482730,29851938,Posted: 11 February,all,HiMUM,LOVE IT
76561198260171270,Not Recommended,482730,26449006,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,joaquin,"It's a little bit stupid to just update the data base and sell this game for another year . For example,  the 3D is still ugly. By the way, Chinese people are cheated again , because the promised Chinese version is canceled. Probably a kind of RACISM?"
76561198350696972,Not Recommended,482730,29935968,Posted: 14 February,all,BAGGIO,"I love this series, but the game studio is not honest.Chinese 中文"
76561198224874120,Not Recommended,482730,33130913,Posted: 2 July,all,YuchenYan,"The chinese edition isn't offical translate,it's sega bought from a chinese translate group!NO ANY RESPECT！！！！FXXKING SEGA！！！！"
76561198343471088,Not Recommended,482730,26428332,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,jebangel,so bad，No Chinese version sorry Chinese consumers！
76561198138749845,Not Recommended,482730,26253610,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,正是在下,We  need chinese
,Not Recommended,482730,26410383,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,mu.,這則負評意味著守承諾的重要性。This negative review means the importance of keeping promises.
76561197987285905,Recommended,482730,26278982,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,amuhcow,"Well, As so many others, I'd like to give my opinion on this game. The game is good, like most other FM-releases these last few years.On the down side is all these chinese people, buying a game that they know not to be in their language and then complaining about it afterwards, giving the game a poor rating on that one condition.EDIT:As I have now seen there is a chinese language-file available for download, I expect all the reviews made just because of this lack, will now be turned into the positive reviews, these people have proised they would..I doubt it, but still.. Would be fitting, to avoid those people exposing a double standard.."
76561198197575387,Not Recommended,482730,26348795,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,wojiaoachong,waiting for Chinese
76561198151419058,Not Recommended,482730,26293468,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,千本blur,"- EVEN NEVER HEARD ABOUT THIS GAME- HAVE JUST PLAYED FOR NO MORE THAN 5MIN- RATE BADOF COURSE THIS IS ANTOHTER CHINESE PLAYER, YOU DID IT ,SO SUCK IT."
,Recommended,482730,26409971,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,hektor,So much better than FM16
76561198316160666,Not Recommended,482730,28619367,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,xiawei1212,"I love this game ,but no chinese no good,"
76561198063793073,Not Recommended,482730,26116615,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,IGORBGJV,"Wow...seriously...can't get into the game for 2 days now...keeps saying ""Sorry, something went wrong""...lots of people with the same problem...and where the hell is the solution?...i just hate to spend money on something that doesn't work...fix that♥♥♥♥♥♥ i'm really sick of your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t Sega...game so simple in terms of sys req., but so many crashes and stuff, year after year...i just don't get why the hell you can't repair that rly?I'll recommend the game when I actually get in and play it, for now thumbs down because all of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you did with this beta...srsly, why did you even released the beta when half of players can't play the game...disgrace."
76561198234947316,Not Recommended,482730,29955231,Posted: 15 February,all,ogrktalmtr,"Literally bought for 1 reason, to recommend and to say ♥♥♥♥ China... HOWEVER, the games advertising of charities/SJW project sites in-game changed my original plans. Now, I'm here to not recommend, tell China and the Chinese to go ♥♥♥♥ themselves, and, to tell the creator of the game to spend some of the $40 you gouge people for a♥♥♥♥♥♥based simulation game on your SJW agenda, quit asking me everytime I start the game up. Refund incoming."
76561198069634533,Not Recommended,482730,26319850,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,岁月如歌,no chinese language
76561198102241741,Not Recommended,482730,26626654,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,280946916,差评差评 在中国卖不出中文版就差评
76561198049989189,Not Recommended,482730,26494866,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,BOT Mark,The development team is suspected to be racism.
,Recommended,482730,26370800,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Project Boom,"TO ALL THOSE HATERS FM17 HATERS OUT THERE F**aK OFFA SWEET FK ALL. periodwhy all the hate, don't like dont play then. get a refund. simple.seriously what do you expect to get from a game that is already stats rich, i mean you can't really expect a game that produces a new edition annually to have a huge technical upgrade.  you can't.  it's a similation tht's already drowned with stats stats stats.to those who want more get a real♥♥♥♥♥♥♥football management job.I've spent at least 15000 hours playing FM and I think Im qualified to bring up my point."
,Not Recommended,482730,26478926,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,< Nerf >,No SIMPLIFIED Chinese no Upvote
76561198178879882,Not Recommended,482730,26415551,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Kurae,No Chinese，No recommendation!
76561198162420535,Not Recommended,482730,26310521,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,120069320,"The game is good, but sorry.  No Chinese, no commendaiton.I played this game, from CM4,CM0304.... to Fm series, until FM2017.The game with me from a boy to a Father, I love the game, but please offer a Chinese language.If you offer the Chinese language, I promise to buy FM2017 again, and commendation."
76561198051447208,Not Recommended,482730,29942069,Posted: 15 February,all,4374611,吃in额色！！！！！！！！！！
76561198122037190,Recommended,482730,26409707,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Deviantartjr,great game as usual
76561198102836521,Not Recommended,482730,29936612,Posted: 14 February,all,Lodoss,We need chinese!
76561198071121121,Not Recommended,482730,26304236,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,傻逼毛子,No Chinese，No recommendation!
76561198050092713,Not Recommended,482730,29941672,Posted: 15 February,all,shshglionheart,没有中文
76561197972180609,Recommended,482730,26128746,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Kev.I.N,Who gives a ♥♥♥♥ that the game isnt available in chinese. Salty chinese community downvoting an amazing game. 10/10 would communist again.
76561198278676793,Not Recommended,482730,26322580,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,arthurliu0114,"First of all, no Chinese, no good comment.As to the game, it can still keep me playing for the whole day without having a rest, from this perspective it is worth recommending.Some annoying features made me feel really frustrated.First, midfielders(and sometimes forwards) shooting from a fallacious position, it really affect my mood when watching the game.Secondly, forwards never score in one on one situations. I can see my forward score over thirty goals per season, however, he never scores one on one goals. HumiliatingThirdly, players exits contract talks so easily, for many times, they just quick, and giving me no second chances, after only one or two rounds of negotiation. This makes transfer extremely hard.Last but not the least, I want to reinstate my attitude. I can read English without any barriers, it really doesn't matter to me whether there is Chinese version or not. However, what really irritate our Chinese players is not the fact that there is no Chinese version, but the lack of respect and honesty of SI and Sega. Moreover, Miles Jackson's racist attitude will never be forgiven until  a formal apologise is given.We will not stop giving negative comments and protesting until a satisfying official Chinese version is released and an apologise to Chinese people are given. We must have our voice heard and our demands fulfilled. The power of Chinese people should not be ignored!"
76561198359004087,Not Recommended,482730,29270588,Posted: 15 January,all,ljjoseph,"没有简体中文，差评no simplified chinese,negative feedback"
76561198061106019,Recommended,482730,26422978,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,alexeykoroliov,Shut off ♥♥♥♥ing Chinese. This game is brilliant
76561198018627920,Recommended,482730,26416481,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,LummerHummer,Good
76561198274964089,Not Recommended,482730,26160900,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,远夏,"I played FM from when I was 12 years old,from 12 to 20,from 2010 to 2017.And when I was told that FM2017 didin't have chinese,I am very very very disappointed.I paid 180RMB to buy an English game.And one year ago,SI had promised to us that if FM2016 sold 20,000 they would put chinese in game.You lied!So I give you a bad comment♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥YOU!"
76561198069904876,Not Recommended,482730,29938729,Posted: 15 February,all,hanzhaohhh,we need chinesewe need chinesewe need chinese
76561198088853172,Not Recommended,482730,28624063,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,whitereyes,you know we need chinese!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198057338887,Not Recommended,482730,26367998,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,飘零人生,"我喜欢这个游戏，从CM时代就开始玩起，所以游戏不用玩我基本也能知道品质，我支持这个游戏，但是也请开发团队尊重我们中国玩家，不要让傲慢与偏见毁了这个大家一起热爱的事业。诚信、尊重和热爱。I love this game and began to play from CM03/04, so I don't need to play game to know basic quality, I support the game, but also please respect our  Chinese game player, don't let pride and Prejudice destroy this game.I can play this game in English, But Tegrity, Respect and Love,we need a Simplified Chinese version."
76561198074038543,Not Recommended,482730,26451144,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,cui,"Good game, but no respect to Chinese customers, 10 years fans now, Disappointed."
76561198088146608,Not Recommended,482730,29940175,Posted: 15 February,all,再充钱剁吊,SIMPLE CHINESE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198060607604,Not Recommended,482730,26128191,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,(♠)Maaya(♥),出中文
76561198004710958,Not Recommended,482730,26233363,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,spi_der_10,to much injury
76561198219363911,Not Recommended,482730,26400772,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ruiheng_fu,we need respect
,Not Recommended,482730,26124635,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Coldzera,需要中文
76561198078396327,Not Recommended,482730,26324924,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,元宝山没有麦当劳,1. The mac match engine has a huge problem that not allows you to run the game smoothly.2. The new UI is more friendly to users3. Why the ♥♥♥♥ there is no chinese language pack.
76561198052446831,Not Recommended,482730,26349104,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Guchunxi,we need simplified Chinese! Not traditional Chinese!
76561198161866155,Not Recommended,482730,26165095,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Talking Sh1t Freestyle！,"CHINESE LANGUAGE VERSION DUDE,  WHAT ARE YOU THINKING, CUSTMERS ARE GOD"
76561198029377943,Not Recommended,482730,26399594,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,lee3do,We need  Simplified Chinese version.
,Recommended,482730,26410802,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,La Ferrari de Menem,"You guys are seeing this wrong. It isn't ""buy a new game"", it's an annual subscription for the greatest game there is. Do you want a better game in the future? Keep supporting the developers."
76561198054093860,Not Recommended,482730,26115276,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,说鸡不说吧，文明你我他,"first of  all the interface is better than 2016, and the 3D model is really impressive.secondly ,the simplification of training system and report system make us easy to begain.third ,there are quite few new stuffs like data analisit in coach system, i haven't figured out what is that but it seems interesting to me.but is that a bug or something that if i want to hire coach , manager, assistant manager , scout or whatever in staff search, I put prefered job on, they just keep telling me that they dont want to take my job offer. they want to be a role else.for example, I want to hire a manager, so I go to seach list with prefered job is manager, i talk to those staffs, they want to be coach or assist manager extra.since I've played only for 4 hours , the over all is good and wonderful.However there is no Chinese and i think I am really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, you support 15 languages and you say that u cant afford Chinese translation?  what a international joke .... so , i give dislike.首先进入游戏界面比2016要好，踢球场面3D效果给人印象深刻。然后就是对训练系统还有报告系统的简化，让玩家更容易的操作。再有就是我发现了一些新的特征，比如资料分析师这样的东西也很新奇，还没搞懂到底是什么。但是有一个bug一样的存在，就是去搜索教练人员并且准备聘用的时候，我想聘用球探可是被选中的球探会说他想得到别的工作，其他的工作职位类似，即便我点上prefered job是球探 或者其他。因为我只玩了4小时，所以初步体验还是不错，给予支持。但是还是没有中文版，这让我很不爽。这游戏有15种语言支持，然后你告诉我唯独没有中文？ 开国际玩笑啦。。所以差评。"
76561198195569086,Not Recommended,482730,26155997,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,FrankBoobtitski,"Worthless, dont spend your cash on it, just download ""top eleven"" for your phone instead."
76561198085106768,Not Recommended,482730,26251804,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,SanGreaLee,No Chinese Language！SEGA is cheater ! !
76561198078801802,Not Recommended,482730,26436242,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,随风逐雨,WE NEED CHINESE
76561198260472567,Not Recommended,482730,26264771,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,shysherry,No Chinese，No recommendation !
76561198019580533,Not Recommended,482730,26240286,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,776901753,"their sincerity is limited and idealess,even worse than CM03/04. saint Bellerin Moruno?"
76561198274831188,Not Recommended,482730,26500421,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,lxz1003363568,"no chinese,no execuse"
,Not Recommended,482730,26209837,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,skyzhang,"没有中文,差评.No chinese no good..."
76561198214265352,Not Recommended,482730,26244163,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,全村人的希望,we need chinese!!
76561198076670098,Not Recommended,482730,26235975,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,水煮鱼 dotamore.com,hit woodwork 5 times in one match. cant believe my eyes
76561198250848328,Not Recommended,482730,26470649,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,403702014,I hope that SEGA  can respect Chinese players.
76561198281114322,Not Recommended,482730,26133153,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,zijin426,Chinese version please.
76561198310092123,Not Recommended,482730,26413214,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,George Best,"Please give up your pride and prejudice, let us treat everyone equally, we need the Chinese version!!!With what I used one or two days of wages to buy the product language I can only understand seventy percent?The arrogance of the consumer, the market will be in retaliation for you赶紧出简体中文!!!"
,Not Recommended,482730,26500159,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,C-ong,No Chinese no recommendation无中文无好评
76561198049183346,Not Recommended,482730,26211282,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,80657057,no chinese!!!!!
,Not Recommended,482730,26232182,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,WANLINA,"No Chinese verision, really disappointing!"
76561198159913911,Not Recommended,482730,26245336,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,420592476,"OMG!!! Most of the reviews are negative!When asked why not add a Chinese version, SI answered that the sales volume in China was too small and there was no need to add a Chinese version.Since there are so few Chinese players purchased the game, almost 60% negative feedback has nothing to do with the lack of Chinese version, right? So the reason for bad feedback is that the game itself is really terrible, right?  Yeah, I think so."
76561198032132801,Not Recommended,482730,26242878,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Cyric,1000 new features!-800 skin rework-150 social networks added-50 new animationsstill no chinese language support5/10
76561198051924328,Not Recommended,482730,26455247,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,metal.wang,no chinese
76561198063632469,Not Recommended,482730,26262705,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,nepias,no chinese
76561198075844238,Not Recommended,482730,26242644,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,s008413,No Chinese!
76561198007878332,Not Recommended,482730,26239994,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,lamyangest,no Chinese Version no recommand
76561198261855023,Not Recommended,482730,26411885,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,236561469,"we need chinese,that it is all."
76561198184671281,Not Recommended,482730,26394305,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,bianconeri,NO CHINESE NO RECOMMENTATION!
76561198074226123,Recommended,482730,26408876,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Michael David,great game
,Not Recommended,482730,26408855,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,7ordy,"No Chinese，No recommendation!Miles Jacobson, Thansk for your racism"
76561198084667014,Not Recommended,482730,26264319,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,jia2006tom,Should provide the service we need. Chinese version please
76561198239146274,Not Recommended,482730,30712372,Posted: 24 March,all,林帝,No Chinese！I hate people without trust.  Racial discrimination group ！！！差评不会修改。因为这是一个留给你们英国世嘉的教训。还有SI的那位开发负责人。不是说没2万中国人买得起你们游戏嘛？现在有没有？不但有，以后我买这个系列游戏都是差评，直到感觉到你们对我们中国玩家的尊重为止。否则就等着年年差评吧。
,Not Recommended,482730,26239798,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,3053436972,有17种语言就是没中文，差评不解释！  没有中文就是差评！凭什么歧视中国玩家！
76561198277050341,Not Recommended,482730,26244406,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,jhgu,It's a pity not to have the support of the Chinese language as expected.
,Not Recommended,482730,26245115,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,我的刘雯，何时才能见到你,"I play this game from cm 99 to FM2017,not Chinese!!!!!!!I am very dissappointed!!!!我从cm99玩到fm2017，仍然没有中文版，让我非常非常失望！！！！"
76561198075704388,Not Recommended,482730,26240511,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,95216508,No chinese
76561198074357938,Not Recommended,482730,26239736,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,tinoting,"买过FM2013、2016、2017，中国区这么多死忠玩家，希望SEGA和SI给予我们足够的重视。希望2017正式版可以推出官方中文，让更多的中国玩家体验到FM的乐趣。否则我将不再支持之后的FM2018。I have bought Fm2013/2016/2017 before.There are so many FM supporters in China ,as we hope SEGA and SI can  feel our mind.We want to see official Chinese version in FM2017 .It will attract more Chinese gamers to enjoy FM.IF not, I will consider not to support Fm2018 .Thank u very much."
76561198160341750,Not Recommended,482730,28753465,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,voz,no chinese no comment坐等繁简体中文版
76561198138429876,Recommended,482730,28598608,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,nick.barron2,Love it.
76561198060212106,Not Recommended,482730,26238923,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,wolin21,"no need mod,only need chinese!"
,Not Recommended,482730,26241274,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,良辰不会轻易狗带,No Chinese，No recommendation！
,Not Recommended,482730,26241598,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,马里奥,I have waited for Chinese edition since CM0304. Now it's FM2017. I have run out of my patience. You've ignored our rights for so long time. Are you  really customer oriented company? You earn money from China and never pay an eye on us. I'm sure you will lose Chinese market in the coming years.
76561198020847957,Not Recommended,482730,26243534,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,hanshusj,No Chinese，No recommendation !
76561198074790709,Not Recommended,482730,26245757,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Neu,"Still lack of Chinese translation, simply unacceptable."
76561198181415962,Not Recommended,482730,26241188,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,唐玉寒,"No Chinese , No recommendation !"
76561198102856449,Not Recommended,482730,26371852,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,xiao_fage,"no chinese version, but why still sell to Chinese players"
76561198190379206,Not Recommended,482730,28605627,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Oraclemagic,No Chinese version
,Recommended,482730,26130782,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,chrisson,ey we ching chong wants to buy the chinese version because we too lazy to learn english or make a fan-made chinese patch pls make chinese version we are ur most loyal customer like were the 99.999999999999% of your sales demographic u dont change it we dont buy u company go bankrupt pls change it boo hoo
,Not Recommended,482730,26244072,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,657980585,I LOVE FM so much ! !!!! But why no chinese?no chinese no chinese...Can I wait for the day when I see Chinese?SI SI SI SI SI~~~~~~~~~ I WANT CHINESE! I WANT CHINESE  I WANT CHINESE
76561198019607007,Not Recommended,482730,26123948,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,#WE LOSE,No chinese again!
76561198143584423,Not Recommended,482730,28597651,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,么么熊,no chinese!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,482730,32166272,Posted: 3 June,all,Flakey🎈,"No commentary, no sound, no background music. The dribbling sound which is the only sound will burn your ears, impulse buys always suck, but at least someone else(Real Madrid) won and created history yesterday. No faces on the star players. Seriously, the ♥♥♥♥ is this♥♥♥♥♥♥and why does it cost so much $? This truly feels like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ unwanted blast from the past game."
76561198050444177,Not Recommended,482730,26225773,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,ID没想好,"So many chinese players like Football manager,But SI still have not a chinese version.Why ?Racial discrimination ?SI should come to China to have a look.So many Game production companies are beginning to pay attention to the Chinese market,But SI  don't !No chinese version ,No Praise !"
,Not Recommended,482730,26131620,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,lfc-wj,"I'm sorry to give negative reviews,BUT I NEED CHINESE LANGUAGE!!!!!"
76561198343904645,Not Recommended,482730,28582039,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,chen8835,no Chinese，no respect，it's worst game
76561198051645800,Not Recommended,482730,26146232,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,阿狸与桃子,Play a game or a few years also bought several years with this new number to buy to buy goods on the platform to support all the time so I support you can give me a Chinese????
76561198085078310,Not Recommended,482730,26137006,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,charlie.shikewei,No Chinese. Sucks!
76561198330090709,Not Recommended,482730,26247693,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,银河系漫游指南,在中国发售却不支持中文，这是什么傻逼逻辑。如果FM2017不出中文版，我将不会继续购买以后的FM系列游戏。
76561198051011425,Not Recommended,482730,26246009,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,melololo,"No chinese, No commendation"
,Not Recommended,482730,26137386,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,TomaYoshitaka,Shut up and give me Chinese
76561198160983690,Not Recommended,482730,26113388,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,wpc0506,不支持中文
,Not Recommended,482730,26112106,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,areskts,我们需要中文版本！！！！！（We need the Chinese version！！！！）
76561198070354089,Not Recommended,482730,26138122,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,BlueSun,说了这么多年的简体中文，等到2017了还是没有，太失望了！中国这么多fmer就被无视了吗！
76561198123496209,Not Recommended,482730,26114075,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,cmfans_milan,"I play this game from CM99 to FM2017,but still not Chinese, very disappointed."
76561198074187555,Not Recommended,482730,26113738,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,rdih,still don‘t have Chinese language
76561198066013646,Not Recommended,482730,26116464,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Mockingdog,i wont play this game without chinese.really make me sad.if there is a chinese version you cant image how many people will buy.reallyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy sad
76561198043880788,Recommended,482730,30621254,Posted: 19 March,all,Alpha D@wg,-Improved match engine- Fantasy Draft
,Not Recommended,482730,30108983,Posted: 22 February,all,COCK,stupid ♥♥♥♥ing repetition
76561198015204557,Not Recommended,482730,30652326,Posted: 21 March,all,zp_then,Would be a good game in appearance/viewing/asethetic. However Sorry to say this series M AI put me off.
,Not Recommended,482730,26527983,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,PrincessEmma | TgEmma,"WTF has happened to this game, it is now the WORST football manager game to exist, each update just makes it worse, the free weekend corrupted all my saves, and suddenly a tactic that worked unbeaten for 27 seasons got ripped apart like it was some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.half the achievements i should have earned a million times over but not been given, seriously this game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks right now, i got the game during beta and complained on SI Forum and get banned for being too critical.SI is now just a bunh of hypocrital♥♥♥♥♥♥♥who are bringing the same unfixed♥♥♥♥♥♥out each year with a minor few tweaks to make it look different and an updated roster that is unfair to lower league players especially youth making out that virtually no youth players will be good enough for the first team, the game is getting slower with each update too as it seems they are just adding to the old database adding adding and adding rather than re working and as such each year i try the same settings and the rating drops by atleast half a star, there is literally no improvements to this game from what FM12 maybe a few minor additions like tactics, staff etc visually i think the game has actually got worse, the interview questions have literally never changed, a players appeal is literally always turned down and then banned for an extra two seasons.i said this last year but still ended up buying the game because i had heard during the first 2 days of beta it was so much better only to get it myself and at first agree, but then with each beta update the game got worse, as i said i complained about things that ha gone backwards, make suggestions etc like the forum was intended for but was banned by SI for being too critical, ofcause im gonna be critical of a peace of♥♥♥♥♥♥over priced ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.i dont really see this game getting another update now except for the end of free weekend that has ♥♥♥♥ed up my game, i literally cannot even be bothered to start again far too mch time was put in for the save to be corrupted on update to a free weekend i mean seriously why the ♥♥♥♥ would people who have paid for the game get a free weekend update seriously why it makes no ♥♥♥♥ing sense.and this last bit goes to SI thanks to your behaviour towards me during beta, the backwards updates, games corrupting updates, have to start a new games for updates to take effect ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t you have utterly lost my interest in 2018 and i will NOT be buying the game during beta unless it gets a serious price drop."
76561198137206081,Not Recommended,482730,30789443,Posted: 28 March,all,chEn,no chinese
76561198006678026,Recommended,482730,29955431,Posted: 15 February,all,White_Dragoon,Chinese， Recommendation有中文 就好评 说道做到
76561198209208439,Recommended,482730,28677345,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,w.w2112,Swindlers Company!
76561198084949934,Recommended,482730,26267848,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,xli12,"I have played Football Manager since FM2011, and bought FM since FM2012. I spent more than 2000 hours on this series games. I am a Chineses. I am used to and feeling comfortable play FM in English. However, I still ask Sports Game to offer the Chinese translation! It is not just because of thousands of loyal FM fans in China, but also to fulfill your promise：""To do a Chinese translation, we'd need 20k of people currenly pirating to buy the game.""Still waiting for the chinese vision.Just Changed it to Positive."
76561198090519021,Recommended,482730,29709148,Posted: 4 February,all,tyll,for chinese
76561198074322083,Recommended,482730,26430947,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,szshihao,"Played this game for over 15 years, till now no Chinese version, did the producer care ""market"" ??We Chinese always follow our promise ! Hope British people can learn itLooking forward 2018 with Chinese version in 1st type"
,Recommended,482730,30919046,Posted: 3 April,all,NoobTic | Samuelsarus 😉,I loved it
,Recommended,482730,27129992,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rudeboi,"Don't let the mostly negative reviews persuade you. The game is mostly positive.Whilst nothing major has been updated (as is the curse of yearly released sports titles) this is still a functioning and fun to play with version of FM. Whilst the engine does still need some fixing (crossing too OP, frequency of missed penalties, individual player errors being far too common etc.) once you have a successfull system down to play with, the game is a lot of fun.All squads, nations, competitions etc are all updated, and with frequent updates on the game, until next years this is the most up to date version to play. So if you are unsure on getting those, I'd reccomend waiting for the steam christmas sale and picking it up then."
76561198009251915,Recommended,482730,30353270,Posted: 6 March,all,salala885,"Although a bit late, but still fulfilled your commitment"
76561198076563688,Recommended,482730,30888841,Posted: 1 April,all,Oneald,Good
,Recommended,482730,26271264,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Raynor,兑现承诺，改为好评！
76561198050567340,Recommended,482730,30082050,Posted: 21 February,all,huangkai86,"I feel like buying this game just for the new database rather than the system.As promised, will change review after Chinese translation"
,Recommended,482730,30762985,Posted: 26 March,all,mjeht,Good edition as always.
76561198008184436,Recommended,482730,27727987,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gadget,"Got to say, first impressions were not great. Felt the skin was a bit to modern (eek, sounding old already) but then after playing it for a few hours (ok maybe longer) I started to get used to it.It terms of the game itself, as addictive as ever. Love the extra features that have been added and how it plays.Thumbs up from me!"
76561198182846493,Recommended,482730,27725979,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Anglad47_FM,I Like It
76561198065514780,Recommended,482730,27708974,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,mikep621,"This is my first Football Manager game in 5 years and it is still as good as always. The database available and addictiveness is immense, with a wide variety of tactics for your team on offer. Also, the satisfaction of taking a team from the bottom division through to the Premier League is as gratifying as always.The only slight niggles are some licensing issues, the press conferences haven't been overhauled in ages and that it is too similar to last year's version if you are looking to upgrade.In conclusion, if you haven't bought a version of FM in more than 4 years or if it is for our first, I would recommend in a heartbeat. Otherwise, I would recommend saving your money."
76561198213705627,Recommended,482730,28672015,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,天下苦习久矣,"no chinese  no respect!-------------------分割线-------------------我们中国人不像你SI,我们言而有信"
,Recommended,482730,27899081,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Madness,One of the best FM's. Great improvements and the new engine is fantastic.
76561198341501796,Recommended,482730,28036199,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,shunyatleung,"Why so many negative reviews? This game is so good, esp if you're a football nerd. I like this game a lot, best manager game for me personally, i really recommend it, but if only the graphics are better, it'll be perf.9/10"
76561198352804954,Recommended,482730,29684471,Posted: 3 February,all,SHangwei Fang,"Glad to see the newly added Chinese localizzation. But did you forget to include a Chinese font in the default substitution list? The Chinese font in FM looks aweful right nowHowever, changed my review to positive because you finally delivered as promised"
,Recommended,482730,27711199,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Alpaaca,Good game.
,Recommended,482730,27747116,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,acdshe45,Great as ever. This game probably could have a few more new features but that dosent mean its still not as great as fm always has been and of course Brexit Simulator 2017
76561198054416682,Recommended,482730,27756873,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PriestWhirl,"Yes. Another great edition of my best game series. Everything in this game is perfect, except perhaps its price, but anyway..."
,Recommended,482730,27599490,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,jensend1450,Such a great additon to the lineup of the games. It builds on the success of FM16 and ads new things. Cant wait for FM18.
,Recommended,482730,27667991,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Hellwalker,Just 5 more minutes. Though to be fair the game is riddled with problems it is still FM so I am biased af.
,Recommended,482730,27665326,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fret-Knuckles,"Great update to the series, still some issues with the match engine however"
,Recommended,482730,27665520,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Crux,Great game! So many advances since the early days of Championship Manager.
,Recommended,482730,27666855,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,FML Sieben,"So, not much has really changed from 2016 in all fairness. The problem is, it's still as addictive as it ever was."
76561197964084601,Recommended,482730,27659627,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Easteros,Worth your dollar.
76561198123420471,Recommended,482730,27689389,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sergei Soprano,"Not much difference to the last few Football managers, the only major problem I have with this game is the transfers of players. Every time you bid for a player no matter who it is the wanted price is always a ridiculous amount, when they bid for your players it's always way lower than the valuation.I would recommend this game, 7/10."
,Recommended,482730,28630128,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,jxtian,"Change to positive feedback after SI releases Simp. Chinese language version. Despite the standard of translation, that's a smart decision to create Simp. Chinese language since more fans in mainland rather than Hongkong and Taiwan. They must get used to Simp. Chinese. They do not have any options, include language and Chief Executive!"
76561198259999918,Recommended,482730,28115160,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,cchord,still no chinese edition， I love you
,Recommended,482730,33135446,Posted: 2 July,all,Harlequin77,Really enjoyable
76561198096503675,Recommended,482730,26312612,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,SkyWin,出了中文，给你个好评，如果下一版本还是没有中文，继续差评
76561198155445527,Recommended,482730,31656447,Posted: 9 May,all,tomjamber,One of the best I have played from the series.
,Recommended,482730,31669137,Posted: 10 May,all,XaW84,"Football Manager 2017 follows in the footsteps of the previous versions. It's safe to say that if you have liked any of the previous versions of Football Manager, this is the game for you. If you are looking for a FIFA like game then you are at the wrong game. This is a simulation game, through and through.The game revolves around the role of Manager or Head Coach of a football team, that's association football aka soccer, not the American version. You are put into the life of a manager of a club of your choice. Want to start at the best clubs with the best players? Go ahead. Want to start unemployed and work your way up to the biggest clubs? No problem. Want to start at your favourite club located in the middle of the football pyramid? Sure. You can pick and choose clubs as you want at the start, but be prepared; The fans will be more demanding for results in the bigger clubs, just as you are as a fan in real life.The biggest strength of the game is the amazing database of players all over the world. Scouted and rated far better than any other game. If you have a friend playing in the sunday league, he could be in their database. This creates a very real world to play with and players can often immerse themselves into the game due to this.That being said, the game is a virtual spreadsheet with an engine processing your input. You as the manager cannot control the players with other than general instructions. You cannot control a player as you would in FIFA or other similar games.If you like simulations and football, this is the best choice, but it's very hard to master. But that's football isn't it?"
76561198260106127,Recommended,482730,31679012,Posted: 11 May,all,flexjin,"I am determined to buy it when I  saw simplified Chinese options.Amazing,so much funny as usual.Now I cant wait to see the FM2018."
,Not Recommended,482730,26509443,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,[PCMR] TheGreatSeb,"I had no complains before, but after playing this game for some more time now I have found a lot of bugs that crashed my game. The game also loses it's touch after some time, other FMs managed to kept me engaged more easily. It's still a good game, but not a game I would spend $50 on"
76561198002604653,Not Recommended,482730,31644785,Posted: 9 May,all,Yorkie,"I played FM14 for over 2 years and finally decided to switch to FM14 after a long term save had run its course. All though the game aesthetically looks better and has additional fetures, the game play is nowhere near as good as the older games. Been playing since the start of the series and I am growing tired of how dissapointing it has become. Sort it out!!!"
,Recommended,482730,28524118,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Butters,"Simply the best FM version ever released, screw the comments. Some players are lazy to learn the intermediate up to advance skill to succeed in FM, they simply stick to basic fundenmentals and refuses to learn more about the game. FM isnt the plug n play game people are always used too, people get FM confuse to FIFA career mode, where team strategies are so shallow.If you invested enough time learning from your own game, from others, in fact there are whole community who have shared their success and failures. Something you cant really do in FIFA, since FM is not really a real time skill based game, but in short, the ability to find, forsee and solve problems."
76561198163697868,Recommended,482730,32565448,Posted: 19 June,all,Landa,"Yes it's the same as last years. But it's a sports game. They're all like that. However it's still a good game. Some new additions such as sports analysts, sport scientists. It's a good game. There isn't any other game like this when it comes to football management."
76561198169281608,Recommended,482730,32535881,Posted: 18 June,all,vzariqi,"After the update , the game is actually quite good .Way better than FM2016."
,Recommended,482730,32478870,Posted: 16 June,all,FrnkLY,"Pretty good game, actually made some improvements. Seems good!"
76561198325420373,Recommended,482730,32497797,Posted: 17 June,all,Yoki Tyas,"This game is getting harder and harder from pervious versions. While others reviewers complaining about some stuff, i feel it the other ways.With good tactics, searching the right players for your needed, you'll be enjoying this gameCheers"
76561198058135852,Recommended,482730,33058681,Posted: 30 June,all,rc,Best game so far in the series.
,Recommended,482730,28646445,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Samcjp,"A good game for all football fans out there, I recommend if you don't enjoy watching football don't buy this game! I've been playing football manager for around 3 years now both on my phone as well as on the PC and love playing this franchise game every single year!1 Strategy I would recommend for a LONG playthrough:- Start out as a Vanarama North/South side and progress through the leagues with that club"
,Recommended,482730,33275990,Posted: 5 July,all,)))))))))))))))),normal/
76561198381139198,Recommended,482730,33271622,Posted: 5 July,all,stewartstew007,"Still a great game , get it while it's in the summer sale ."
76561198110717889,Recommended,482730,33278899,Posted: 5 July,all,Bugs Bunny,"10 years play this because no other games like this, but 10 years without no big difference, If there will be football manager 2018, 2019 or more, maybe just DLC them is probably ok? Definite.Maybe make the last one The Sim Football Manager? Whatever it cant be worse."
76561198055520596,Recommended,482730,33311248,Posted: 6 July,all,baileyfox2,"class, up the barnet"
,Recommended,482730,33352913,Posted: 7 July,all,Tom,adictive!should come with a warning.
,Recommended,482730,33242521,Posted: 4 July,all,wakapretz.渋谷,"yaaa, a good game lah"
76561198337506485,Recommended,482730,33254265,Posted: 4 July,all,#jackass,every man should play this
,Recommended,482730,33595910,Posted: 16 July,all,morningstar,"Always nice to play fm from year to another year.I'm fan since 1998, henry still wonderkid in CM,This fm 2017 very awesome, please make more improve to be always the best"
76561198004420196,Recommended,482730,33561616,Posted: 15 July,all,Hodgson1990,"great game, as a big football fan lover and football manager lover spent loads of hours of enjoyment whilst playing this. cant wait for next years football manager to see whats new, until then will continue to enjoy this great game."
,Recommended,482730,33569891,Posted: 15 July,all,sᴘ☯,This game is on another level.
76561198024911284,Recommended,482730,33544353,Posted: 14 July,all,cally400,the games become boring after 10 years on top and havent been given any national teams coming in for me
,Recommended,482730,33572857,Posted: 15 July,all,azz.hunter94,Brilliant game!
,Recommended,482730,33586617,Posted: 16 July,all,Patrón,pentru toti antrenorii din liga 1
76561198039224299,Recommended,482730,33605176,Posted: 17 July,all,Wragge,"Havn't quite got the 400 hours I got out of fm15 and 16, but overall I like the improvements from the last game. A lot of little and underrated tweeks really make the game enjoyable. Fm has to be the best time killer on steam."
76561198249205712,Not Recommended,482730,29465743,Posted: 24 January,all,NickMills15,"After playing FM16 exstensively this game just doesnt stand up to it. As you can see by many other reviews the game is simply terrible, easily the worst i've played."
,Recommended,482730,28036692,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Makeismies,Overall:With yearly releases this is pretty much what you gonna get.Is it a massive upgrade compared to 2016? No.Is it better than 2016? Yes.Am I enjoying it? Yes.Would I recommend it? Yes.Dont believe every negative review you read. People's play this game different way's and many player's give away negative review's cause they lose lot of games and dont win every trophy in every season. Personally i think this game is most challenging FM that there has ever been. Of course it has some match engine bug's now and then but they often happen on both sides. Sometimes you win sometimes you lose. But if you have good long term save in FM15 or FM16 and you are thinking about buying this game i would say that maybe you should wait what FM18 will give to you.
76561198054863651,Not Recommended,482730,28820834,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,johnhunter,"When it plays it is a good game. But if you hit a problem then it seems you are on your own. My FM15 played really well but !& played it for 4 hours , now it will not load. I have just spent my money on rubbish"
76561198344633562,Recommended,482730,30517996,Posted: 14 March,all,fmer,终于出中文汉化了，非常棒！不过希望再修改下错误，争取fm2018出个完美点的。
,Recommended,482730,28437818,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,1692489411,finally
76561198070442166,Recommended,482730,28734800,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,贫乳即是正义,"Barely made any improvement compare to FM2016When SI is intentionally overlooking the desire for localization in Mainland China, they made themselves liars and jokes.Game is OK but the company is a piece of s*h*i*t!EDIT: They have simplified Chinese now and I changed my rating."
76561198096161112,Recommended,482730,29404228,Posted: 21 January,all,Old Driver775,"Chinese players are not enough? So many bad reviews, you actually say not enough sales? Where is traditional Chinese? You won my bad opinion, thank you for your arrogance and stupidity中国玩家不够数量？？这么多差评，你竟然说不够销量？繁体中文在哪里？你赢得了我的差评，谢谢你的傲慢与愚蠢汉化已出，改下好评把，希望下一代能继续。"
76561198077871915,Not Recommended,482730,28841643,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,anthonygars,"Who remembers Championship Manager? Maybe not so many people reading this, but anyway...I used to own an Amiga 1200 and was desperate for Championship Manager to be released for the Amiga.When it was, however, it was something of a catastrophe.Now I am reminded of those days.... BECAUSE that (obviously rushed) Amiga version featured a bug whereby the league table completely malfunctioned. And now ladies and gentlemen, that bug is back, some 20 years later. Just played my first match as Fortuna Sittard in the Netherlands. Played 1, won 1, GD +1, points 0. Could this be because for match 1 I played in full match mode?!! Why should that make a difference anyway?My previous version of FM was 2015 and that worked fine, although I reckon the best version I played was FM 2012 (truly a great game, virtually free of errors save for the occasional crash). If I was playing this game on a naff machine (which my 1200 was 20 years ago) I might think fair enough, what can I expect? But I have a top of the range gaming laptop less than 8 months old.The issue could be that this time the designers have become so obsessed with the match engine and player high-res photos (pretty much a waste of memory) that either they neglected the general coding in the rush for release or they simply pushed the limits too far.Personally I couldn't care less whether the game looks as good as FIFA - the match graphics were good enough in 2012 and the constant addition of extra data and ""features"" will naturally mean the game is going to have performance issues if graphics continue to be the main preoccupation. Please Sega, take a few steps ""back"" to take a huge step forward for next year's version and actually give us a game that works!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198245866754,Not Recommended,482730,28840765,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,james,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥While most aspects are an upgrade to previous years, the in-game editor is way to over-complicated, it is amazingly buggy (I can't get through the first day because I have an 'Urgent message' forcing me to hold a team-talk, but I can't because there's 'no suitable reason.')It's just the same rehashed♥♥♥♥♥♥every year, don't fall for it like I did, you are our only hope, young one."
76561198028595748,Recommended,482730,26255597,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,kaka239,I love Chinese simple Edition
76561198103764776,Recommended,482730,30744867,Posted: 26 March,all,凉鞋,Please remember your words！THE CHINESE TRANSLATION！！WELL DONE！！！
76561198018255744,Recommended,482730,26263885,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,GT-ACE,it's okay now
76561198007259565,Recommended,482730,27660658,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Macatord,Great Game
76561198002852303,Recommended,482730,28354948,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,wheelysteve,"It seems this is the year long term fans have chosen they've had enough of the minor tweaks year in year out with no real huge leaps forward. Whilst understandable I do think it has resulted in a somewhat harsh looking perception of the game when looking at the overall consensus (sitting at ""mostly negative"" the last I looked). If you eat a great pizza 50 times, it's still a great pizza the 50th time as it was the 1st, only you'll likely hate it long before you reach your 50th meal. I feel like user burnout has hit this series massively.I would personally love to see a bi-yearly release cycle of all sports games, with the years in between full releases offering database updates in the way of DLC as a way for the devs to still garner some profit those years, whilst giving them two years each time to improve their games. It would also keep fans hungry for new iterations as it does feel like barely any time passed since the last FM game, and when they are so similar it's hard to feel like you did pay full price for such a database update as I suggested just before. It's still a fantastic game, especially for those who either haven't played it before or at least for  along time. For those of you who are hating this year's version, dare I suggest you look for new games not called Football Manager? I believe something in the range of 4000 titles hit Steam this year alone. There's bound to be something in there to get you excited.As for Sports Interactive. If I could offer one piece of advice, it would be this. Even if it's for one year (although I would gather a couple would be needed for it to be worth it), I would put the majority of your resources not needed for keeping the game up to date on reworking the 3D match engine. Whilst it has evolved somewhat, whilst playing it does still feel like that same iffy thing we saw back when the switch was made from 2D all those years ago. I'm not saying you can make something akin to FIFA's authenticity in visuals and graphics, but when going from something like that to then playing FM, the gulf in quality feels like you're stepping back two console generations at least. A much more immersive, and dare I say it, intelligent, match engine with better player reactions and decisions would go a long way to freshening things up. Still, for now I still find FM18 infinitely playable, about as much as FM16 was..."
,Recommended,482730,26241134,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,rednowguanqi,出中文了，改一个好评吧
,Recommended,482730,28048978,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,dronee_,"Unsure why there are so many negative reviews for this game.For disclosure I have owned every single FM game for many years, not just including those on my Steam. I am a huge fan of the series and will continue to put time into it.I do miss some of the things from past games, it is more difficult to do some simple tasks than previously but that comes with more power overall.I also like some of the additions (social media feed etc), but I can't wait for futher improvements to the dialogue and for that to have more of an effect."
,Recommended,482730,27933368,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,hamza-29,why is my stadium looking empty ive paid £35.99 for an empty stadium and i thought when the new patch came that would go away but it hasn'tcould you please sort this out
76561198015249493,Recommended,482730,27961443,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ApozG,"Great game as always from year to year, better game simulation engine compare to 2016."
,Recommended,482730,30685109,Posted: 23 March,all,Lugia.GG,"Ok,Finally you guys give us a chinese ver.  thx for you guys SIanyway,for the game it may be the best one of 12 to 17."
76561198135884342,Recommended,482730,30120296,Posted: 23 February,all,Enkidu,"Can any one explain why Turkey has been translate to turkey in Chinese? I mean.. that turkey,,,the Christmas Turkey...lol"
76561198009538563,Not Recommended,482730,28642253,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Grim Squeaker,"Buggy at times and prone to crashes frequently (usually when you aint saved for a while) and there isn't anything particularly exciting and new. More of the same old formula, though at times it feels a little less engrossing than earlier editions.The main issue that makes me not recommend the game is that it has still got the random, frequent crashes that 2016 has, yeah those ones that sort of force you to set autosave to weekly. Along with the complete lack of anything particularly new or exciting in terms of new features. The series seems to have stagnated new idea wise and has become a little like the Footy Management version of Fifa.... the same product rereleased each year with a new cover. Sad times."
76561197977523137,Recommended,482730,33018031,Posted: 29 June,all,Car Ramrod,"This is my second purchase of the Football Manager series. It is one that I do not regret. By itself the game is great. What makes this game blossom is the level of customization that you can put. The endless amounts of leagues, trophies, and different tournaments you can have all add to this great game. You can manage a team however in depth you can like. The endless freedom and possibilites are what add to this game. Granted, some of the choices you make can get repetitive. But it is just a small bump in a soccer simulator that is infinite."
,Recommended,482730,32933115,Posted: 28 June,all,kriwil,I always win the league on the first season using Manchester United. Cleariy this Jose guy knows nothing about football. Jose Snow.
,Recommended,482730,33097468,Posted: 1 July,all,Tackz,"Runs smoother than I experienced with previous versions, lot more streamlined and more options."
76561198175528478,Recommended,482730,33070967,Posted: 30 June,all,Puffascruffowitz,"Let's face it, we all gripe about FM, but we buy it every year. This is a good edition. There is not much new, but with a game like this I don't honestly expect nor really want THAT much change. It's nice to slide back into the FM saddle without much trouble.The match engine feels good this year, I've seen a huge variety of goals. The past few years have been lacking in that department with so many attacks coming from the flanks. Now you'll see build up play through the middle, and believe it or not, sometimes players score after a fantastic run!I've played so long I honestly don't remember what the new features were. But I do like the skin this year, it has a clean look and for once I didn't immediately go download a different one. My one main issue this year is that the regens look RIDICULOUS. Orange eyes? Really SI? It sounds like a small thing, but for me FM is all about immersion, that's the only way a game like this works, is if you can really immerse yourself in the world of that save you're playing. When I'm staring at a bald 16 year old Gabonese regen who has orange eyes and orange hair it really cheapens the experience.I still dream of the day when we'll see a truly comprehensive football game. Some kind of combination between FIFA and FM. A man can dream..."
,Recommended,482730,33064080,Posted: 30 June,all,Reflectz HD,"Fantastic game. Can't stop playing. A lot more feautres then the past ones, very happy with it."
76561198260929262,Recommended,482730,33082713,Posted: 1 July,all,madalinho33,"Very good game,annoying sometimes ,but that's ok 10/10"
76561198053892798,Recommended,482730,26761508,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Speciaole Friekendèl,"Don't really get all the negativity, in my opinion this is the best one yet!I've only had FM16 on Steam but i've been playing the game for like 12 years!"
76561198133815059,Recommended,482730,33102783,Posted: 1 July,all,rewgreen,"Most of the reviews I've read are from people that have played the many incarnations of FM over the years, I am not one of them. FM 2017 was on sale, I had enough free time on hands to learn the complexities of the interface, and so here I am, the manager of Blackburn Rovers.Firstly I must point out that I have obviously chosen the most fragile team in the game, you only have to look at the players and they are immediately injured. I can only hope that my training ground is close to the hospital, but it can't be helped, obviously I'm doing something wrong on my interface settings to cause all this suffering, and this game is proving to have a steep learning curve, so it may take me a while to figure out what I'm doing wrong.Secondly, I must also point out that I am probably the worst manager on the planet, I just can't seem to win a match to save my life, even when my players seem to be running circles around the opposition. My strikers seem to have a real aversion to scoring, even on occassions where a blind man would succeed. They will take turn after turn hitting woodwork, shooting in the crowd, aiming for the keeper's open arms, a problem that unfortunately isn't shared by the opposition who subsequently only need two shots on goal to win the game. Again, this is obviously my own fault, but there are just so many buttons on this interface, no matter what options I choose or whose advice I take, I just keep getting the same disasterous results.Gradually though the mists clear, the many complexeties and subtleties of the interface reveal thamselves to the bemused learner, and even I begin to understand how to improve my performances on the field. I must unfortunately add though, although my performances have improved, the results haven't. It's just one disheartening loss after another, usually by losing a goal within the last ten minutes of the game. Obviously it's all my own fault though, I must be ticking a wrong box somewhere during the interviews phase perhaps, or on the training ground, or during the team talk. I have no idea where I am going so wrong, but surely I should have won a couple of games by now.I will persevere, the game is somewhat addictive, if frustrating. I just wish that I could in some way know that my actions were having some sort of effect on the field. Each change I make to my team, each new thing I learn about the interface, each time I watch another instructional Youtube video, they all just seem to result in another humiliating defeat at the hands of a mediocre opposition, with at least one player injured and at least one player moaning about some failing that I am making as a manager.If you are one of the few (like me) who are new to the franchise, be warned, this game is initially confusing as hell, humiliating, and disheartening. I will put these failings down to my own lack of ability and actually recommend that you buy the game if it is on sale. I've invested 31 hours in to it so far, they have been pretty tortuous hours, but I may actually reach a point where the game becomes fun. Until then..."
76561198027222410,Recommended,482730,32840713,Posted: 26 June,all,BirdmanSD,Love the whole series... but beware the time suck! :)
76561198348520952,Recommended,482730,32942977,Posted: 28 June,all,ZOMBIE-GOD8,I highly reccomend this game as it gives great insight to how managing a football club works.If you play FIFA career mode and want an even better experience.However; you may need a decent/low end GAMING PC so you can run more leagues and get match highlights to make your experience much more realistic
,Recommended,482730,32953365,Posted: 28 June,all,sigannyrp,"Well this game always have improvement every each year, they did not want their fans disappointed with this game. And actually I always love this game every year. so thanks to sigames and sega who always do this improvement."
,Recommended,482730,32948768,Posted: 28 June,all,poofy jakey,Few things that could be improved here and there but overall a very good game. Would recommend if you're quite familiar with previous football manager games.
,Recommended,482730,32928088,Posted: 28 June,all,entahla,still addictive as usual
,Recommended,482730,33169441,Posted: 2 July,all,Watrux,not much difference between 206
,Recommended,482730,33255450,Posted: 4 July,all,Ady-Meister,"I reccomend this game. Even though it has problems, and even though I'm fairly new to the FM games, it is an improvement from the last. 300 hours of dragging mid-table teams to be the best. Watching the best new youngsters flop and some develop. Watching as your 15 match unbeaten streak is ended at your home stadium to the bottom of the league. It is a great feeling to succeed in this game, but heartbreak is real too."
76561198169978211,Recommended,482730,33049567,Posted: 30 June,all,Evnarr,"Beat Spurs 7-0, lose 1-0 to Sunderland 10/10 game"
,Recommended,482730,33051085,Posted: 30 June,all,Mymphus,"Having finally come back to the Football Manager series after a 4 year hiatus I was concerned with much of the negativity surrounding the series. Eventually I caved and decided to buy it on sale ($20 at the time), and despite some truth to the negativity surrounding it I don't believe it to be as bad as many made it out to be.Pros:Same old formula makes it easy to jump right back in.Steam Workshop is a treasure trove for FM 2017Good depth to club managementGreat fun for any Football fanYouth management is fun and rewardingVarying degrees of control for all types of players ( General Manager can takeover training, etc...)Cons:Match engine is terrible, kept the view 2D whole playtime.Graphics are subparPress Conferences are still repetitive and annoyingCan become repetitive if you don't move to the English, Spanish or Italian league where you face stronger teams on a more consistent basis.Injuries can still be ridiculous ( 2nd highest injured players one season, 1st the next season). Yes I managed training and the field to reduce injuries, as well as cycled through players to ensure fitness.Verdict: 7.5/10Overall a good and enjoyable management simulator with some speed bumps along the way.PSA: To people new to the series, you aren't expected to win every match, even in the real world crazy upsets happen on the pitch."
,Recommended,482730,33663318,Posted: 19 July,all,J0hñ WÌck RæmbOŠ™,The amount of loading game time is the same as playing time...... Football Manager??.... more like Cancer Manager..... Oh how i hate to love Football Managers....9.8/10 will get mad when lost to underdogs again....
,Recommended,482730,33684806,Posted: 20 July,all,Flasherr,"A happyperson is nota person who'salways ina good situation,but rather a personwho always hasa good attitude inevery situation.Take from this a positive attitude, You'll need it, Monitor insurance is handy also....9/10 Best so far in the series."
76561198123563391,Recommended,482730,33702246,Posted: 21 July,all,Brentbomber155,Goalies are better than strikers at PKs... 10/10 would win again
76561198158458095,Recommended,482730,33681640,Posted: 20 July,all,Biggie,Previous edition I played was fm12 so obviously a lot has changed. Recently I experienced a fun addition to the game: the FIFA had moved the FIFA World Cup 2022 from Qatar to Morocco because the leagues/clubs had complained about the scheduling of the tournament :P Havent experienced any Brexit measures just yet (currently playing in november 2017 so probably have to wait until the Brexit deadline in the following year).On the whole I like this game but I realise that compared to fm16 probably the changes have been relatively small so ppl might want to skip a year.
76561198001846100,Recommended,482730,33651879,Posted: 19 July,all,kidcramer,Was nervous about this purchase becasue of all the bad reviews.  Been  playing FM for a decade and this game is good.  More polished than years past and more streamlined.
,Recommended,482730,33283685,Posted: 5 July,all,sasssyman,Thats good game
76561198101460151,Recommended,482730,32856943,Posted: 27 June,all,Hmmm . . . .,"what i should to start write review hmm.. OH! thats it here we goobut first did you guys notice ppl who write bad review and ♥♥♥♥♥ing about this game around 2016, look at their game play time, they play almost 6k hours and still increase!!! what a lame fact hahahahaI played first fm in 2004, yeaah right 2004 !!!! its first game from sport interactive first release before they sparated from edios, wow i know their product before fm yeah i playing Championship Manager 2 and 3 before, in 2000  with my first pc use windows 98 huahahahabut less play when i know dota in warcraft 3then I got ads from valve  fm 2017 !!! WOW i click it, but i see so many negative review i almost back up but when i see many of u playing then game so i give it try, then what my point of view? its still FM!!!! with a lot alot alot improvement,this people who write negative review definitely new in fm, ♥♥♥♥♥ing about bad match graphic and bla bla blathis about being manager in football team not how u play caracter use stick controler, if u want good match graphic go play PES FIFA or any other soccer controler game because this game definitely not for u, this game require your manage skill, organize and many thing before u gain glory by winning the tittle of tournamentin the end this game worth to buy? yess it is !!!"
76561198009806293,Recommended,482730,33730861,Posted: 22 July,all,FunkyMonk,"Great game. Still some features to be desired but with the growing popularity it receives I'm hoping the developers will add to them. Still I've invested well over 1500 hours into FM 15, 16, and 17. Very fun and frustating how the simulations end up but nothing more satisifying then taking a League 2 team up into the Premier League and eventually into Europe's top competitions."
76561198006710410,Recommended,482730,33659065,Posted: 19 July,all,Gaming_Bear,"BOught this in the Sale, had not played FM for years but this took be right back ... Steep learning curve... it's all coming back...Just spent 22.9 hrs playing & cleen sheet, then when I won against the 2nd placed team in the league & it crashes with no background save & the last one was 5 hours ago ...Wish it saved automatically after every game .... will have to do it again.... Frustrated right now ... will play something else & come back as it is fun ... great & in-depth game ...Save more regularly unlike what I did  :(Is it worth it ... GG, but better value on sale,  but still a very fun game which draws you in to the expansive technical stuff...Full price or on special offer it's a great game, but please save regularly or you will end up as frustrated as I am right now  :(Enjoy .... vgg"
76561198334359140,Recommended,482730,34554419,Posted: 28 August,all,YourPalPhilip,"It is that time of the year again that football takes over your day to day and life. Then this game comes out and your nights are taken up by it too. Well what can I say about this game that no one else has mentioned? Emm, I would say some of the goal celebrations are unexpected! There I think I cracked it! This game is as good as always not much to criticise apart from the AI not being inventive enough or open to interesting transfer deals. This game is great and since it was reduced to £7 reently it has been an absolute dream!! Buy this game cheaply and pay for the 2018 version and I would say for the future you have got 2 great as always games for the price of a AAA game! Enjoy and make sure to free up your calendar as your social life will consist of nothing much else than opening a door to the Pizza Delivery Driver!!!"
76561198084950189,Recommended,482730,34566218,Posted: 28 August,all,Frosty,"Played FM12 before. New tactics and modern tactics is available. A ease of life system is available making a the learning curve not too steep. Played with an editor to create a player and what him develop. Stick to 1 FM at a times, and only buy new series if there is a huge improvement to the gameplay, and not just transfer update."
76561198002614448,Not Recommended,482730,34588009,Posted: 29 August,all,stianjohan,"I bought this game last fall(2016) , and after 14 hours i asked for and got the money back from steamshop. I play FM 2009 instead, probably the best version of cm/fm ever, exept for the 2002 game that was fabolous.It is understanable that the developers want to make the game more interesting, but the last 8 years it has become far to advanced for the regular guy! i am one of those who kept the game running 24/7/365 and hit the continue button when i had the time, i am also funny enough one of those who let the game take over my entire free time, and evidently made me a single man(long time ago now).So engineers of FM, please remember that most of us that used to play CM/FM back in the day are NOT Pep Guardiolas og Sir Alex etc, make a game that remembers its core roots, but not makes u feel u need an expert on transfermarkt by your side at all times.Maybe the answer is two versions?"
76561198178052854,Not Recommended,482730,34487796,Posted: 25 August,all,djpalmer86,"There are a LOT of things wrong with this game.But first, let's talk about the Pros.Pros:There's a lot of things you can do with this game (make fantasy football drafts, manage teams, make team and lots more.)However, the cons far outweigh the Pros.Cons:90TH MINUTE GOALS (for the other team)Limited settingsIt can get very repetitive.Some club expectations are just ridiculous. (I mean, there is NO WAY I can make the Euro Cup quarter finals with West Ham!)You can't play in lower leagues apart from England's.In Career mode, the Vanarama National Leagues have to be added. It isn't there when you start.When you make a big signing, but they flop.I don't recommend buying this game."
76561198005056069,Not Recommended,482730,34315296,Posted: 17 August,all,paul_a_ogilvie,"Might be great. No way to tell, because it crashes all the damn time, and my machine is comfortably within the recommended specs.Utterly useless."
76561197975735730,Not Recommended,482730,34317207,Posted: 17 August,all,Tetrapack,"SloppyIn Brief:The FM is still the one and only football sim out there. Unfortunately SI became so sloppy it deserves a thumb down.If you like your old slider version don't upgrade. The current system takes away a lot of control you had with it. If you just wanna get a new version - the current 11 eur price is perfect. Upgrading from FM16 is not worth it unless you want the little changes they made.CritiqueBoy, shame on SI! FM17 ist just a rooster update with some fixed they shoul'd have done with fm16. It seems patching is outdated these days. So why not sell a patch as new game?!Seriously, FM17 has the smoothness in some areas we'd like to see in 16. There are also nice fixes and additions like less lop/cross goals or the possibility to choose scout till fully known and other helpful statistics. Individual player options are also very welcome instead of just position settings.But why so sloppy?! You encounter a lot of things they don't work like everything else. For Instance the new Data Analyst staff. The game doesn't highlight the attributes like it does for any other job... meh!You still have the crashdump issue... will it ever be solved? For the first time i have screen teering in 3d mode and 3d still is a source of crashing. At least my cpu usage went up with fm17. The big calculations still take ages like season start and transfer deadline but during the week it runs way better than other versions.Visually its garbage. Not talking about 3d matchengine. Its enough to take a look at graphics for the newsfeed. They look like example pages of a Powerpoint clone 90's style. SI relies too much on community work.You still have missing thinks like detailed training options or data about (despite data analyst) which training forms are best; training groups etc. What about reintroducing the slider system? In a timely fashion of course like drawing moves? That would be a hughe step and worth a new version.Instead we got... tada ""newmedia"" hype like feeds and tweets which are repetitive and uninformative like the the damn press conferences are. If you can't code a propper linguistic system to simulate these things - let them out for gods sake! Same goes for assistant manager advice during matches. Often its complete garbage and you'll lose shape following these instructions. That needs work or a trashbin.You'd better work on the transfer market and get rid of the silly prices there. Or what about scouting?! Why can't i set the countries for a region? Set scout rotations and scedules?It's also strange that every transfer offer/demand includes a sell percentage fee. So they did this for an unknown reason?! or its an annoying bug. Now you have to select and exclude this option everytime you do an offer. So annoying this extra work for no reason.There are so many things to do and FM17 delivers a patch for fm16 for a fullprice game. Even buying for 11 eur... its hard to justify the price and even impossible to see a ""new"" version of the game. Yea its a cash cow and we still love it but SI starts to do almost no improvements beside just rebranding - looking at you too EA!I really hope they put some affords in fm18. But htere you go its always hidden till a certain deadline. I think its time to work - at least partly - on new features with the community. Which means transperency and more infos about the dev process. All of this has been debated at length but SI doesn't care and fan boys are fan boys."
,Recommended,482730,34335571,Posted: 18 August,all,Barnesy,.
76561198098921757,Recommended,482730,26117121,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,乡村选手,有了中文 改成好评
,Recommended,482730,33743081,Posted: 23 July,all,PWNDA,"Won 2 back-to-back Premier League titles with 92 and 100 points respectively, won 2 EFL Cups back to back & one Champions League with Liverpool all in two seasons.Seems realistic."
76561198112450395,Not Recommended,482730,34335777,Posted: 18 August,all,[MNI] Wardruna,"Started to regret that i buy fm2017!I load huge database(110k players54 divisions with Poland championship too,all playable) and start with Leeds,then i realize that 1st player i want to buy doesn't exist in the game-Ondrej Duda(Legia/Hertha),then i load updated data base(again with 110k players,54divisions including Poland championship,all playable) and realize that Ondrej Duda continues to not exist,also one of the Leeds players Mateusz Klich disappear too...What a rubbish..."
76561198024364023,Not Recommended,482730,34390215,Posted: 21 August,all,tomas.vittino,"I've been playing FM since 2012, and this is the first one that has so many glitches in game and crashes, honestly it doesen't seem like a finished product, because of the many time it fails. I'm really dissapointed with the product, I was used to play a quality game, honestly I'd rather play a previous version."
76561198308008132,Recommended,482730,26143307,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,mzzjuve,we want chinese!
,Recommended,482730,34386630,Posted: 20 August,all,GrayPhantom,Most of the fun came with the editor haha
76561198173325690,Not Recommended,482730,34386539,Posted: 20 August,all,skytitan46,The game will not close. I try to shut the game down but it stalls and does what it was before. If this was fixed i might reccomend.I cant even open an other games because of this and it slowss my computer. please fix this
76561198413455204,Not Recommended,482730,34403033,Posted: 21 August,all,ice2pm,i can't play it on my phone or tablet
,Recommended,482730,26259851,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Nowhy,"Czech supported, Danish supported, Norwegian supported, whatever languages you've never heard about are all supported except for Chinese. Good job licking asses of players speaking those languaes SI. No offense for ppl in those countries though, but just think about the numbers. SI is just too arrogant to care about Chinese players because they have been so loyal to this franchise. So, if SI licks asses, we can simply kick♥♥♥♥♥The fact is, incorporating Chinese support in the game is not much harder than us giving negative reviews, because the community translation has been there for quite a while, at least a few years, and very much polished already. We've seen SI's attitude, and now we are showing ours. Unless SI reveals the reason for denying an official Chinse language support, negative reviews will not stop growing. Workshop is NOT enough."
,Recommended,482730,34394589,Posted: 21 August,all,MadAdam81,"There is a very noticable improvement over the last game I played in the series, FM 2015. Getting it on sale for US$12 was totally worth it and will bring me hundreds of more hours of FM fun,"
,Recommended,482730,34394641,Posted: 21 August,all,Septum,"I really love this game, but if you have the 16, then you shouldn't buy this on full price. Right now that 11 euro deal is really good and i recommend it. I hope that in the 18 we will see new stuffs, and not just minimal things like in the 17."
76561197980203541,Not Recommended,482730,34395484,Posted: 21 August,all,kronikel,Not possible to choose your own 'profile picture' for your manager.
,Not Recommended,482730,34400197,Posted: 21 August,all,Infinity1911,SI studio was broken its words.
76561198093643089,Not Recommended,482730,34345806,Posted: 19 August,all,Lt.McDuck,差评，系统太假，无论是转会还是比赛都和现实相距甚远，最不真实的一代的fm
76561198243720476,Recommended,482730,26116186,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,09 and jingban's wild father Dyb,"Good game though.If you keep the promise that you will make Chinese version at the beginning of the sale , i believe there should be more suggestions of this game.Now I changed my evaluation but from my perspective, simplified Chinese version could be still improved."
,Recommended,482730,30846643,Posted: 30 March,all,hahaha funniy maymays,"i have changed my review a lot of times for this game, but this time i'm going to be simple and honestthe base game isn't that great, not much to differ from last year, but as you can see by how much time i waste on this game i find it extremely fun to come back to with mods"
,Not Recommended,482730,34768795,Posted: 5 September,all,蝶々,"I NEED HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Microsoft (R) Windows Debugger Version 6.3.9600.17298 X86Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.Loading Dump File [C:\Users\SanSi\Documents\Sports Interactive\Football Manager 2017\crash dumps\FM 2017 v17.3.2.970983 (2017.09.24 20.50.34).dmp]User Mini Dump File: Only registers, stack and portions of memory are availableSymbol search path is: *** Invalid ******************************************************************************** Symbol loading may be unreliable without a symbol search path.           ** Use .symfix to have the debugger choose a symbol path.                   ** After setting your symbol path, use .reload to refresh symbol locations. *****************************************************************************Executable search path is:Windows 8 Version 15063 MP (4 procs) Free x64Product: WinNt, suite: SingleUserTSMachine Name:Debug session time: Sun Sep 24 20:50:38.000 2017 (UTC + 8:00)System Uptime: not availableProcess Uptime: 0 days 0:08:28.000...........................................................................................................This dump file has an exception of interest stored in it.The stored exception information can be accessed via .ecxr.(27cc.2474): Access violation - code c0000005 (first/second chance not available)*** WARNING: Unable to verify timestamp for ntdll.dll*** ERROR: Module load completed but symbols could not be loaded for ntdll.dll*** WARNING: Unable to verify timestamp for KERNELBASE.dll*** ERROR: Module load completed but symbols could not be loaded for KERNELBASE.dllntdll+0xa5424:00007ffc`8f385424 c3              ret"
,Recommended,482730,35494610,Posted: 5 October,all,ConhobsGeek,"After 1,500 hours and counting of gameplay, here are a few thoughts.Immediately upon purchase, I was very happy with the overal design, UI and look of the game. Sports Interactive have really gone a long way in recent years in this field. Contrary to many other opinion and reviews, I find the UI intuitive, and once acquainted with very well thought out. Many believe some screens hard to find and access - but I do not notice this much.Improvements on the Game Engine are nice, but were expected fixes to previous versions rather than ground-breaking novelties. This is an area that must, must be improved upon, but in such a way that the game remains playable for the huge majority of customers who play on laptops. The next iteration of the game needs to work on this hugely.Tactics. Still very hard, like previous versions, to install a clear philosophy into your team - and instructions that should distinguish your team hugely from another - short passes vs direct passes - are actually hardly noticeable on the pitch. The next iteration should add to the tactical possibilities but most importantly make a team like Stoke City FC distinguishable from Barcelona FC. Tactical tweaks should result in visible, on-pitch differences in the way a team plays.Secondly, the extremely rigid tactics 'board' where one assigns player a position should be made much more malleable, and instead of a set of positions one should be able to fluidly place a player wherever one wishes to place him.Improvements in contract negotiations are hugely noted and lauded. Extra-realism in these due to contractual clause additions and the like. Work to be done on the AI transfer system and the personalities of a club's board. As recent events have shown - a board can take the decision to sell a player without a managers' consent. Would be a 'sweet' feature.Pep Guardiola moving to Man City whilst Pellegrini was still manager was very interesting, and one should as such be able to negotiate contractual terms with a club whilst another manager is still in the job - albeit reaching the end of his tenure there.Training. Hugely controversial, although most agree the current system is restrictive and not well thought-out. Individual training is fine - but team training needs to be revamped somehow. Care must be taken here because the game is already very slow-paced and adding huge amounts of detail to training can make it arduous to proceed in your virtual game. Extra detail to the current system without hugely changing it needed.Extra financial options. Clubs are now money-making and money-oriented. Extra control and importance on issues such as pre-season tours/tournaments and shirt-sales/ticket prices would be great.Sports Interactive, although this review has been highlighting for the most areas for improvement, the current iteration of the game is already fantastic and your work must be aplauded. Thank you for your devotion and hope you can take into consideration some of these reasonable proposals."
,Recommended,482730,35499528,Posted: 5 October,all,geezy_o,nice upgrade but the match engine is still poor
76561198082031823,Recommended,482730,35509862,Posted: 5 October,all,cletuscantdance,"Great game, highly recommend!"
