user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,482990,25370293,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Kimchi Tea,"TL;DR: boys love visual novel with interesting characters and overly simple game mechanics. Recommended for yaoi fans and fans of other Winter Wolves games.The story is structured around a simple stat-raising simulation with a weekly schedule and scripted events. The main plot around Marcel's relationship with his father is the same no matter what romance you pursue, and the romance is more of a side plot. Raising skills is necessary to pass skill checks.Events occur on certain days no matter what you have scheduled (e.g., you don't have to be in the library on Monday of Week 14 to trigger an event with Eloy; you'll just show up there). Skill checks are the same for each playthrough, as well, and so the strategy is very simple:raise all skills to 10 as soon as possible, then raise them all to 20, raise your chosen love interest's skills to 90, then concentrate in those to increase your reputation and affection.These design choices make the game friendlier to fans of pure visual novels, but they also make it kind of annoying to play through the game multiple times to see everyone's romance. Failing a skill check just gets you a few different lines, and the bad endings (other thanthe non-inheriting friendship end with Licia) aren't very interesting, so once you know how to ""win,"" there's nothing new mechanically or strategically, and the simulation parts are just dull busywork. There's also no ""successful"" romance ending if you don't inherit, which doesn't make sense for characters who aren't tied to the estate.The art is nice, although it seems like the artist has trouble drawing hands. (Marcel's seem oddly small, and most other characters have their hands behind their back, in gloves, or otherwise hidden.) The sprites have different costumes and a good variety of expressions. For some reason the sprites don't show blushing when it's mentioned in the text, though, which disappointed me, because blushing sprites are the cutest. I'd also have liked more than two CGs per character route, especially since Borges and Vincent's ""sexy"" CGs seemed very out of place, more an explicit reward for the player than something that makes sense in the story. Winter Wolves games typically just have a kiss CG at the end, so I didn't really expect more, but I think it would add a lot, especially considering the game's price.The story is set in Aravorn, a vaguely medieval fantasy world, and mentions characters and events fromLoren the Amazon PrincessandTales of Aravorn: Seasons Of The Wolf. However,Heirs and Gracesisn't an RPG adventure with epic battles, and instead is confined to a noble estate and a small town. Elves exist and the doctor uses magic spells and potions to treat patients, but other fantasy elements don't come into play. I actually like exploring how ""normal"" people live in a fantastic world, and look forward to seeing more of the setting in future WW games.All the romances are BxB, which is a first for WW. Sexual preference isn't a major theme or source of conflict, but one love interest is explicitly bi, one is explicitly gay, and the protagonist might be gay, so the ""straight except for you"" yaoi trope is avoided. Marcel, the protagonist, has a developed personality (and a bit of snarky narration) and isn't just a player self-insert. He's inexperienced in relationships, but not shy and passive about it. The romances all have an open sort of ""let's see where this goes from here"" ending, rather than a conclusive happily ever after, but I like the realistic awkwardness of that, and it fits with Marcel's character. If you're avoiding the game just becauseyoudon't want to romance guys, I'd urge you to give it a chance. (There's afree demoat Winter Wolves' website.)I read fast, and it took me 3 hours to complete my first playthrough, 8 hours total to see all events and endings (skipping previously read text and not using a walkthrough)."
,Recommended,482990,25341167,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Lechet,I found this game accidentally and noticed it was a BxB VN (which there aren't a lot of on Steam!) so I bought it and I spent all night playing it and I don't regret it a damn bit. Y'all need to get it. It was cute. The romances are cute. The characters are all great. The bit with Marcel and Lord Sandor was nice and touching. A+ writing.
,Recommended,482990,29435181,Posted: 22 January,all,camelotcrusade,"I really enjoyed Heirs and Graces.  The writing and story are excellent, the art is good (especially the backgrounds) and even the music fits perfectly.  The actual ""game"" part of the VN experience was innovative, too, and I appreciated the effort to make the skills line up with what you might be doing as a servant.I might have chafed at the fact that I had a ""schedule"" confining my options, but combined with a helpful guide (provided by the developer, no less) to make sure I got what I wanted out of the game, it turned out to be a good way to keep the story moving.  Yeah, I might have liked to be more carefree with my time, or even to romance multiple characters at once, but the tradeoff was excellent pacing and keeping me invested in what was happening from start to finish.Most of all though it was the story I recommend.  Marcel (that's you) is not the most likeable protagonist, but his development through the story (and through the romances) is worthwhile and meaningful.  Even if you aren't into the ""game"" part (the schedule and skills and stuff), you can use the guide to sort it out and then focus on the tale.The romances themselves were all different and enjoyable, and I liked the fact that they developed over time.  The incremental experiences built up a more sincere conclusion than the typical rush to love.  If there's anything Ididn'tlike about them, it would be that I felt forced to choose too early (at just 20% affection).  I would have liked to see more first, and it was a little strange to have my options fighting over me when things were only just beginning to bloom.  But as I said earlier, I think that was to keep the pacing strong; the balance between the main story, a romance and the forward march of time seemed just right.Finally, I'd like to personally thank the developer for taking a chance on a BL-only game.  That's not to say the game would have been less appealing with more options (I'm all for inclusivity, especially with romances), but since itwasexclusive I felt like it was made just for fans like me."
,Recommended,482990,25618870,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,✩ Helenα ✩,"A good BxB (boy x boyonly) visual novel. I’m glad that the developers didn’t made the status raising a boring thing (there are a few requisites, but they’re easy to figure out), and added a lot of character interaction. I loved the art style, and I also enjoyed the story/writing a lot; the romance routes are good and not forced(except for Eloy. But that’s understandable, it’s part of his personality), and there’s no “cheesy methods to suddenly fall in love” here, everything felt natural to me. Vincent is my favorite, I simply adore how shy he can be around Marcel.8/10, honestly worth paying the full price in my opinion since the writing and characters are interesting."
76561198053428824,Recommended,482990,25347040,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,ahnkra,"literally just finished my first play through and am still reeling from the emotions of this story.  My first VN novel ever and I was very hesitant to buy it, as I wasnt sure that ""pictures"" would justify the price compared to all the other text only CYOA games I tend to buy.  Dont let the short one or two sentence format fool you.  This game is Hefty on story, and the format actually lends itself to reading at your own pace without intimidating you with a wall of text to work your way through.I found the visual style to be simple and clean during the actual story parts and cutesy for the ""game"" part.  Oh and this actually somewhat felt like playing a game with the mechanics it uses, atleast until I got so drawn into the story line I was no longer really paying attention to that aspect of it.In the end my character didnt get the boy, didnt get the inheritance, but left Me feeling a ton of guilt and regret and wondering if I should call my own father with whom i have been enstranged with most of my life.  If you have Daddy issues this game might really strike close to home.All in All id give this game a 10 out of 10 for not only being awesome at delivering what it promised, but also reaching out and moving the person playing it."
76561197994619541,Recommended,482990,25597399,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Crazy Cat Lady,"Another solid entry in the Romance VN genre from Winter Wolves. I applaud them for making a BxB exclusive title. It was refreshing to see something new.The plot is straightforward – you are Marcel, a young man whose mother was abandoned by her titled lover while she was pregnant. Marcel takes a job as a servant in his father’s household, but is quickly found out and his father offers him a deal; if Marcel can prove himself worthy, he can inherit the estate when the old man dies. This is where stat building comes in – you perform tasks to gain skill points. There are skill checks as a part of the story, and if you pass them you gain Reputation. Tasks also help you gain relationship points with the four romanceable characters. With enough Reputation points you can become the heir and end up with the man of your dreams.I’m not usually a big fan of skill building in VNs (takes too long, I’d rather be reading!) but they do a good job in this of not making it feel too grindy. The story scenes are plentiful, and almost every one of them comes with a dialog choice (the best part of playing a VN : )I wish the “sexy scenes” had been a little more sexy. I was expecting something more explicit (based on having played Heileen 3) and the most you get here are a few kisses and some (very attractive) bare chests. I did like that the focus was very much on the relationship between the characters – they choose to be together because they love each other (not just physical attraction) but I still wish it had gone a bit further.All and all it’s a solid romance VN with a unique subplot where the main character gets to know the Father who abandoned him. If you like other Winter Wolves titles, or romance VNs in general, this is worth picking up.#TeamEloy#HotElvesFTW"
76561198076399220,Recommended,482990,30291123,Posted: 3 March,all,Patrick,"I was pleasantly surprised by this game.  I bought it on sale figuring that there would be SOME gay (male) options but they are all gay male options!  Usually, these visual novels are fairly heterosexual.  There is sometimes one bisexual male character which doesn't give you many options if you want to romance a dude...  I've seen lesbians fairly often in these types of games as well as bisexual women.  It's refreshing to finally see a game that caters exclusively to gay men.  Anyone can play it, by all means, but you are going into the game knowing that there is only gay romances.  Some people complained about that which I find fairly ridiculous taking into account that there are SO MANY visual novels that cater to heterosexuals and that this is the first exclusively gay one that I've ever seen.The plot isn't horrible but it could be better.  The only ''issues'' are typo's and a believable ''gay reality'' at times.  One speaks their ''peace'' for example and not their ''piece''.  It doesn't ruin the game, obviously.Your character is fairly prudish so don't expect much action.  This didn't need to turn into a bad pornographic visual novel but you don't even see any characters kiss.  A bit of a let down.  There isn't enough romance to make up for it either.  I wonder if you had any gay writers work on this or if you kind of took a heterosexual model and changed the characters that would be females into males?  It doesn't entirely feel authentic to me.  Even when the characters couldn't like each other more in the romantic way, they remain cold and distant.  It's almost as if you wanted to make a gay romance game but not really go too deep in order to avoid angering some people.It's still the best entirely gay visual novel that I've seen out there due to lack of choice.  I encourage my fellow gaymers and those who support the fact that there are people like me who make a viable enough audience to warrant making more exclusively gay visual novels to encourage this game and maybe we can get more and better content."
76561198202254648,Recommended,482990,28331222,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,moonlight_writer,"So, I've been on a BL dating sim kind of kick, and have been searching everywhere. Heard about this one and was happy to see that it was on steam. This game was an absolute treat to play, and I've played it multiple times since, despite exhausting all the choices. So, let me get into the pros and cons of the game.Pros:Characters- The characters were all beautiful in their own way. I really got into each of their routes, tearing up a bit a few times. My roommate even got a kick out was first my least favorite character turned favorite character...A certain preppy, perverted know-it-all elf prince. Anyways, the characters were very well thought out and I enjoyed watching my character growing along with the character he chose to romance. Even the minor characters that become friends were wonderfully thought out.Setting- I enjoyed the setting, despite the lack of choices on where to go. Everything kept with the time period and nothing seemed out of place. Though I thought it was funny when we would be making a cake or sandwhich or something and suddenly BAM! carrying soup and bread. It'd be nice to see a change in certain drawings, though I understand that can be difficult.Plot- The plot was wonderful, if not a little heartbreaking. I don't want to say too much, because I don't want to spoil anything. This is just something you have to play and find out for yourself.Cons:The Schedule- This game is based on a weekly schedule where you perform jobs to gain experience. They kind of just throw you into it. If you don't see the help button, which I didn't the first time I played and failed everything.  You also get  a chance to turn off the other characters, making sure any and all points you receive will go to your choice and not bother with the random inputs of the other choices. I just wish it was a little more informative when you first start.Reputation- I hated this the first time I played, and continued to stress about it throughout the game. Besides your man, reputation is the most important thing in the entire game. This is going to decide whether you're going to get the bad ending or whether you'll be the sole heir or not. I also didn't like stressing to get my reputation to 90, where you'll see the sexy scene or your man.Choices- I don't mean the men in the game, I mean the choices that will affect your relationship. I notice this in almost every game. The choices seem to be fairly obvious in most instances, if you actually pay attention to the one you choose.  I like to  have a little difficulty when I see the choices. I want to sit there and think. I just didn't get that with most of the choices.Overall, I loved this game and recommend it to anyone who enjoys BL games with a wonderful story. 8/10, still playing every chance I get!"
,Recommended,482990,27665456,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,England,"From a break from other games, i purchased and played this Visual Novel.First thing i noticed was no Fullscreen (Windowed).As i played the game, i didnt really understand the rep building mechianic and had alot of trial and error moments and in my first attempt got the bad ending, turns out if you don't have the 10/10 rep on week ?? you don't get to advance on the story and recieve the bad ending.I did enjoy the Scheduler but would have perfered to have been able to put in 2 jobs a day into it, the one feels rather restrictive.I did very much enoy all the chats with the character Eloy and whoever wrote around that character did fab job.Another thing i chuckled at was that everyone is fed bread. Make soup, serve bread.I feel like that it could have had soome CGI screenshots in it but it might later on, as i stated i got instant bad ending.Not a bad visual novel game. I will attempt this again in the near future.7/10"
76561198081363646,Recommended,482990,29792022,Posted: 8 February,all,diamondcolliedog,I really enjoyed this game! I think the price might be a little high though for the amount of gameplay (Ive finished all routes and achievements). I went straight for the hot ex-gladiator but ended up liking the clingy elf the most! I would definitely buy another game like Heirs and Graces! Good work!
76561198043514908,Recommended,482990,33332078,Posted: 6 July,all,the_bwain,"Let's get the downsides out of the way first.  There is definitely a correct set of stats you need and a tightly-constrained set of choices you must take to get them.  This is a flaw.  If you have patience, you could run through the game and note all the skill checks and then play the game ""for real"" with all the appropriate training.  Or you could just look up the developer's walkthrough.  Neither option adds much to the experience.  You are also not allowed a friendship with more than one of the potential love interests.  The game forces you to weed them out one by one.  In that sense, the game is quite linear.The art is bad.  It is not as bad as in older games from this studio, but most characters do not have jawbones and their mouths do not line up with their noses  That is creepy.The story is okay, and the characters are well-developed.  For me, that was enough to tip the game over into ""recommended.""  I like that the main character is strong-willed and makes his own decisions sometimes.  Usually with these games, you get a vaguely-annoying blank slate.So, what you get is okay to kinda good writing.  The romantic interests are...interesting.  And the rest is tolerable.  Recommendation:  Buy it on sale."
,Recommended,482990,25484598,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Randommeerkitty,"I am completely in love with the characters in this game (bar the obvious antagonists who are meant to be unlikeable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, I'm sure). I really enjoyed the interactions you can have with the love interests, as well as the scenes with Licia and Rene (who, by the way, are the nicest female characters in a BL game ever, since most in these kinds of games end up being rivals). If given the option, I would have even attempted to romance Licia, for sure.The only issues with this game for me are the jealousy scenes because I love all the love insterests so much that choosing one over the other is kind of heartbreaking for me (especially since I triggered all of them every time)... also a little disappointed at the lack of smut but that's more my personal issue, rather than the games.I'm a smut♥♥♥♥♥♥whoopsI would definitely recommend the game to someone else. I'd definitely enjoy more games like this in the future... and would 100% purchase possible story-related DLC for this game."
76561198257102723,Recommended,482990,28831272,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Diana,"It’s a cute, fun game. It has a good history and interesting characters.I really enjoyed the romance routes (I’ve played all). Borges really seemed boring in the beginning, but after I’ve played his route, he became my favorite.About the status raising, it was a little difficult in the beginning, but at some point I got the hang of it."
76561198064242598,Recommended,482990,28967868,Posted: 2 January,all,Code Rikai,"I bought this game looking for something to fill the void that Loren The Amazon Princess had left in me. The writing is satisfying, curt, and clear. It keeps an excellent pace, and I found myself smiling during the interactions between each character again and again. Like seriously! The writing of the characters are great! Theres not a lot of cgs in this one though, so if youre a cg hunter, this wont be as strong of a game for you. But if you can overlook that, the writing will definitely win you over.Great game!! Thanks Winter Wolves :D"
,Recommended,482990,30526212,Posted: 15 March,all,Karliah,I loved this game and would totally contribute to a kickstarter for another one... I love that it is an all yaoi game (something rare) and enjoyed it so much I wish I could play it over and over with new suitors! Please make another!
,Recommended,482990,25387581,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Milana198822,"I really enjoyed it! Loved the atmosphere,the story and the characters! Kamal and Eloy are my favorites though! And Rene! Shes definetely the best out of the female characters(yea im gonna hold a grudge against Licia for a long time, i just wish the protag has scolded her a bit before forgiving and hugging it out).The other minus for me is the complete lack of CGs like in the other Winter Wolves game ""Colonial Defense""(unless you count one for each romance). I would really love for future games to have more of them. But it still didnt really lessen my enjoyment of the game that much:)And im gonna be repetitive, but i would love to see a sequel!:DSaying it all i hope the developer continues making more BL games or at least games that provide such option alongside others."
,Recommended,482990,32727155,Posted: 24 June,all,Trifoilum,"(Some spoiler alert)tl;dr : It's decent, actually; the character art aside. Considering it's on sale, I do recommend buying it.*) My major disappointment is the lack of event CGs. Everyone is static here, other than subtle expression changes, and it felt.... really lacking.*) They have the time management game too. However this only serves to unlock scenes. And on that part....Dang, the minmaxing. The specializing is kinda bad as things are concerned-- you basically have to focus on the stats associated with your target, sparing no time for anything else.On this part, I'm a bit disappointed. It can....go much better than this, is what I'm saying.*) The character art is....not exactly my taste; if I have to say something; it's on the junction between manga and western art that just doesn't appeal to me.*) Actually, I like the art on the female characters. BUT THIS IS A BL GAME SO*) Background art is okay though; putting that out here.*) Character writing wise, I'm ending up warming to it. Most of them started out as a blend of BL and western romance archetypes but they quickly gained touches of detail that made them more three-dimensional.*) Plot is very enjoyable. Melodramatic and emotional; it doesn't really go that deep as per the genre, but the character writing salvages it from being vapid."
76561198118445507,Recommended,482990,33324171,Posted: 6 July,all,Severus15,"I bought the game in the last sale, where it was a little bit cheaper than usual, for the reason it was purely BL.That Game is awesome. After a few hours of playing the game I really love it. The artstile took some time to get used to, but the story is so damn great and 2 characters are really qute. I am glad I took the time for this game. It should have been a bit longer though."
76561198241596864,Recommended,482990,35035237,Posted: 17 September,all,Lpsrocks00,i restarted the game four times to get the perfect ending where I'm mooned by the butler 10/10
,Recommended,482990,26291240,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,shirigaruonna!,"pros: the characters are well written in that while they do conform to some romance VN archetypes they all have a unique and believable twist or two to keep them interesting for serial consumers of the genre. very unique in that the main character and the entire cast of romantic interests are men, i believe the only game of it's kind to do this on steam. a very welcome and refreshing change of pace, i'd love to see more. the ending is very bittersweet, and the story in general is pretty enjoyable.cons: boy, these faces are a little off, huh?misc: i'm extremely fond of the ambient noises used for kitchen scenes, which i am convinced is a recording one of the developers made in their own kitchen of them scraping and banging a fork and knife against a plate and shuffling an empty glass around their counter. it's very endearing."
76561198049413457,Recommended,482990,32761652,Posted: 25 June,all,The Nekozaya Oni,"If you enjoy BL then I can't reccomend adding this game to your library enough.The characters are enjoyable.The setting [for those like me who LOVE the fantastical setting] will have your fancy tickled.Marcel is a likeable protagonist whose backstory is revealed through interactions with your love intrest of choice and the main story.All four love interests are enjoyable to be around and depending on who you've chosen Marcel's inner dialouge can be pretty funny.And the skill management, while not as in depth as games slightly similar like Long Live the Queen, is easy to grasp and the little pictures for each task are adorable.If I were to name any cons...I'd have to say it might be a bit short for a few peoples standards.And I'm sad I didn't get to meet Marcel's mother, she never shows up at all not even at the end where it might have been the most approtiate to even get a glimpse of her. We only hear about her through the mouths of others despite the fact that she's 100% alive."
76561198166827482,Recommended,482990,28661693,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Rin-Rin,"I didn't enjoy the beginning and the proportions of Marcel's arms feels wrong, especially when he has his right hand on his hip. After the beginning though, the story gripped me and I could not stop playing. I like the backgrounds and the way that the artist has colored and shaded the characters hair and faces. I also had a hard time deciding who I wanted Marcel to end up with. All of the possible ships were strong. But I have a thing for elves and bickering relationships so... I want to see the other endings but...errr, well, I don't want Marcel to cheat on my shipping so I guess that I won't. Anyway, I recommend this game to people who don't mind Yaoi, boys having a thing for each other, the story is nice, the art is great and the characters are awesome."
,Recommended,482990,33857118,Posted: 28 July,all,owo whats this?,"I absolutely love this game, even if I had to use the guide because I could barely make it through 2 checks without failing. The characters are great, and although the story is somewhat short it's fun to play more than once. My only complaint is I've noticed quite a few spelling errors in the dialogue."
,Not Recommended,482990,32886573,Posted: 27 June,all,Luciphel,"Bought this solely because it was BL. Obviously from the word go the art is horribly ugly but i decided to look past that and hope the story was good. I have only played a short time but it should be enough to grab me but it hasnt. The story at least in the introduction is cliche and boring and the characters bland. I was intregued by the stats system at first, picking your weekly chores was interesting for the first couple of times but now its just boring and it seems several weeks at a time pass with no progression in the ""story"" or character interaction. Since my play time was so short i did try and give it another go but after only 2 more weeks in game the boredom was back full force and i couldnt bring myself to care to continue. It just felt like a waste of time. The dialogue is long and drawn out with nothing happening.Its just dull to read and unpleasent to look at.The only minor pro i can give this game is that Kamal made me smile a couple of times.Spend your money on yaoi manga instead."
76561198064889247,Recommended,482990,35239643,Posted: 27 September,all,kuldebar,"I find myself liking this game more than I expected, I got it on a lark as brief break from the usual type of games I normally play. It's quite good for what it is, I was hooked.  The game is quite relaxing and deceptively layered with just the right amount of tension and drama."
