user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,483960,23720182,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Theodore Swaggums (Anime V1.30),"Unlike the other reviews, I'll talk about the actual gameplay instead of knee jerk reactions to a lewd anime game. This game is a disappointment. Obviously this was cashed in as a huniepop clone, and fails to understand what made it entertaining. The premise is great, but that's all.For being a match 3 game, it's very hard, but for the wrong reasons.  Unlike others in its genre, you're able to move your pieces anywhere. I dislike this because you can't predict how the blocks will move on the board, giving you bad outcomes. There appears to be a time limit to how long you can hold a piece before it automatically lets go. This is even more problematic when you're doing timed puzzles.Know how huniepop has broken hearts? This mechanic is here in the form of Skulls. Unlike huniepop, the default difficulty off the bat gives you an immense amount of them. Seriously, they're EVERYWHERE. Matching skulls makes you lose a turn. Which is vital since I'm allowed anywhere from 11-14 turns on the starting difficulty.This brings up another issue, you get very few points, even by matching many blocks. Each pair of girls has a favourite block color. If you match these, you get more points. Then there are matchable hearts, enabling FEVER. This lets you get more points for a match + combos.Due to the extremely low turn count and absurdly low points for matching anything but a favourite block, you have only one way to win. You allow RNG to give you a board with enough of their favourite block with enough hearts. You try to arrange them (if you can get around the endless amount of skulls) to setup a huge combo, then enable fever. Either that, or turn down the difficulty.Music wise, it's grating and annoying, or just tolerable. During Sora's scenario (brown-haired brocon) it only played one annoying track the whole time. All the while Sora is screeching ""Ganbatte!"" the same way, every time I don't make a move for 5 seconds. It was super annoying, I ended up muting my audio.Dialogue choices are obvious, so you never have to guess which is the right one.The Adult Patch is a joke, and re-uses the exact same CGs from Pure Girl and Innocent Girl. These are the games the girls come from. They couldn't be bothered to make new artwork, it appears everything is recycled.Unlike huniepop, there is no way to refund your turns, so the sentimental blocks are gone. There are no gifts, no food, no date questions, no shop. It's a cash-in with no character, and no thought put into its mechanics.Update: They released an easy mode patch, which I'm told trivializes the game. But this doesn't change my opinion, because there's still very little to this game, there's no effort and passion. It's still a cheap cash-in. I'm also told that this plays like a supposedly popular game (which I'd never heard of) called ""Puzzles & Dragons"". Some people very familiar with how that game works, claims this is trivial even without a difficulty change.Even though my review doesn't fully emphasize it, the fact this game is featureless and possesses none of the things which make Huniepop fun, it's still not worth your time. The people coming to play this game, will be coming from Huniepop, or are the minority group who think anything with waifu's is worthy of praise. If you came from Huniepop, look elsewhere. If you're the minority waifu brigade, this review doesn't matter."
,Not Recommended,483960,33486419,Posted: 12 July,all,✩ Helenα ✩,"I was very excited to play this game. I loved HuniePop, so I wanted to play something similar. Although,Purino Partycomes out as a product with pretty looks but with an insanely annoying gameplay that ruined my experience. I like matching-3 games, I’m no expert tho, but wow I expected something at least fun and not so frustrating.About the story, it’s nothing brilliant. The goal is to unlock the lewd CGs of the girls, and interact a bit with them. You have two sets of girls, each one with 4 ladies. As a visual novel, it’s very shallow and yeah, you’ll be only playing to see some 2D beewbs. Nothing wrong with that if that’s your only goal here. And then… There’s the gameplay. You can move the blocks to any direction you want, and you might either get a lot of points or totally f*ck up and fail. It’s inconsistent, and it gets hard very quickly. The skull blocks areeverywhereafter a while, so you’ll lose a few (if not all) of your moves. And there’s a time limit too.  It’s challenging, it surely is. But after 3.297 tries you can get very frustrated and just feel like “I could google all the CGs and uninstall this crap before I smash my monitor with a hammer”. I had to download the easy mode patch in order to finish the game in the end, it got to that point.3/10. The artwork is amazing, I also enjoyed the fact that the developers knew that the story was silly and they even made fun of it during the game. But overall, I simply cannot recommend Purino Party tocasual players. If you still want to try it yourself just wait for a good sale, the full price is really expensive for its content."
76561198256640106,Recommended,483960,23824336,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,♛ Royal Ace ♛,"For all the people who think this is anotherHuniePop, believe me it is NOT.There might be a little bit similar but in the end its aVisual Novelwith only a (very) little part of a Match-3 game.And even the parts where you have to win the Match-3 games it is nothing compared toHuniePop.So i want to say that the Main part of the game is theVisual Novelpart.But I dont want to say it's a bad game i mean for those who like Visual Novel's its funny and it really looks great (the CG's are great as well) but for someone like me who really likes the Match-3 Games part (like in HuniePop) it isnt very good cause the Match-3 part in the game sucks.To simply explain the Game:before you can talk to a girl you have to win a Match-3 game, after you win the Visual Novel part starts (dont expect a long conversation) after that you get a CG and you have to win another Match-3 game to see the next Visual Novel part...in the end you have to win 5 Match-3 games to finish all Visual Novel parts of a girl and to get all her CG's. At the Start there are 4 Girls (first half of the Game) and after you finished them you have 4 new girls.Oh and one last thing there isnt any girl with a Cup Size below C >.<"
76561198068065140,Not Recommended,483960,25230712,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Mordeth Kai,"I wish I could recommend this if for no other reason than to encourage eroge in the west, but I can't in good faith do that.The biggest problem is the characters are unappealing. The way that they are all raging nymphos feels like a bunch of shallow pandering, trying to sell the audience what you think it wants. Porn may be an important part of an eroge but there's a lot more to it than that. It also doesn't help that CG's are unlocked as bonus items rather than making them scenes that actually occur leaving them with little to no context, which is such an epic fail when it comes to delivery.The gameplay is passable, but it is also shallow. It lacks any sort of progression or gimmicks to add another layer to the gameplay. To use Hunie Pop as an example, you could increase your skill with certain gems getting a bonus when matching them, you also had items that worked like 1 use skills adding a layer of strategy to it. Puzzle Quest also had this, you leveled up your skill with certain gems, and you had skills to use outside of simply matching the gems. This game could have benefited from such gameplay gimmicks. What is there is passable, but it isn't enough to stand on its own.If the game had memorable characters or a good story I could have forgiven the sub-par gameplay. If it had good gameplay I could have ignored the lackluster characters and story. Failing to make either facet good leaves the game unappealing and unenjoyable on all fronts."
,Not Recommended,483960,24819862,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Shrouded Wolf,"So, let me open this review with what my impressions were when I had bought this game, as I guarantee that if you are looking at this game of your own accord, reading those will make you want to buy it.This game is a bit HuniePop, doing its own interesting twist on the proven Bejeweled mechanics with a colorful cast of characters, except with better storytelling due to having some visual novel bits, and is brought to us by Frontwing....the people that brought us the absolutely brilliant storytelling of the Grisaia trilogy. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ my money could not exit my wallet any faster.Well... Unfortunately, I really did not like this game. I'll go into some positives before I get into the meat of my issues with it...as, I do feel like this game had potential.-The art is quite nice and well done.-The puzzle mechanics, if they were to be tweaked a bit, would be quite interesting.Alright, Purino Party. Stop whimpering. On the spanking saddle you go.-First order of business, the characters...or, more specifically, their lack of character. They all basically start and end at their particular gimmick. Even their little quiz bits are crap. Remember how in HuniePop, you had to remember (or, type up) various facts about the girls and other things? In Purino Party, as long as your brain hasn't been replaced by cabbage stew, even if you were to not be paying any attention, you could easily figure out the ""good"" answer.-The visual novel bits were about as boring as you could get...though, I suppose that's to be expected, considering the extent of the characters' personalities. They all feel incredibly forced and rushed and they all start and end up with being contrived scenarios based on the characters' gimmicks. And, most frustratingly, at points, the characters are talking about doing things that seem like they could be fascinating....just to skip those portions and be talking about them afterwards. It's so difficult to believe that this was developed by Frontwing, considering how the whole thing reads like a Winged Cloud visual novel. IT'S BASIC ""SHOW, DON'T TELL!"" Come on!-The puzzle bits require some excessive tweaking, as in their current state, the they are aggravating to play at the best of times. On paper, being able to move a piece anywhere you want seems great...until you factor in how every piece feels just a littletooslippery and will regularly knock a piece out of place and the restrictive turn count. And THEN, you mention the downright impossible time limit, which makes the game just downright infuriating. Even then, the game could easily be workable, but the piece distributions need a serious reworking. You may as well not have time extension pieces, if you only see enough to make a single match-three every other match.TL; DR: Why did I continue playing HuniePop? Because the music was pleasant, the puzzle mechanics were challenging yet fun, figuring out various combos with the consumable items was quite interesting, and the characters were amusing and fun to interact with. Why did I continue playing Purino Party? Because, I was hoping that there would be the slightest bit of a redeeming quality buried somewhere in it....alas, no such luck."
,Recommended,483960,33061493,Posted: 30 June,all,Nakedneko,Pros:cute girlssexy cgsCons:you mis-click when doing the puzles and it counts against youthe amount of points you have to get is ridiculous (first puzzle and I had to get 2040 points)
76561197994273865,Not Recommended,483960,34320543,Posted: 17 August,all,Requiem,"Not a bad game, but disapointing.  The art is clearly recycled and essentially unrelated to the story that unlocks it.  Even with the x-rated patch, the game is still mosaiced like a jav, which is bad.  Writing is fairly unidimensionnal, characters are not very interesting and really carricatured.  The matchgameplay is fine but ultimately hollow: no power ups, no levelling, no progression, nothing.  Just pure execution on a puzzle-and-dragons-like board without any of the good parts. No routes, no significant choices, no secrets, no twist, just a series of girls to unlock. Huniepop is an obvious comparison but this game is nowhere near as good. But if you are really starved for a game that's ""a bit like Huniepop"" and can get this on sale, maybe this is for you..."
76561198100367372,Recommended,483960,29945715,Posted: 15 February,all,Beau,"Purino Party is a game that has gotten some pretty polarizing reviews from the VN community, with some warrant.The game is another title in the genre of HuniePop! clones, though this one may be the most blatant yet. Purino Party tries to mimic the lewd, crass humor of HuniePop! ; centering your protagonist in a house full of women who are all addicted to different sex acts. The gameplay is also familiar, you will have a short text interaction with your lady of choice (There is an element of choice in your dialouge and the wrong responses will make the puzzle to follow more difficult to complete.) and after which is a puzzle stage. The puzzles can actually be quite challenging, even early on, however if you fail to complete a puzzle you will be prompted with a screen that will allow you to lower to difficulty of the puzzle, retry the puzzle at the same difficulty, or give up on the route entierly. After you succesfully complete a puzzle you are rewarded with a photo of the girl you are pursuing and some more dialouge.I can understand why so many people have been turned off by how blatant this game is in its style, however that was not my experience. As someone who really enjoyed HuniePop! I don't actually mind all of the clones- None of them have been as fun or rich as HuniePop! But I really think the puzzle style works incredibly well for the VN genre and have been having a lot of fun with the different puzzle game/anime babe titles.Purino Party is not a story rich game, and it is not for anyone looking for any kind of substance in a VN experience. If you're just looking for something fun to relax with and maybe laugh a little bit, you should definitely consider picking it up, maybe while it is on sale."
76561198001983842,Not Recommended,483960,30112866,Posted: 22 February,all,Orion,"Terrible game that wishes really hard that it was HuniePop, but isn't. The premise is asinine, the dialogue lacks charm or depth, the gameplay is not just frustrating but somehow *twitchy*, and worst of all: the game crashes *constantly*. You will beat a 'puzzle section' only to crash instantly and regularly right when you come out of it. The art is okay, but that is hardly a redeming factor for terrible gameplay."
,Not Recommended,483960,23720464,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Strip Bear,"It is rediculously hard right at the first stage( 1000 points, 30 seconds, 10 moves) and the they talk too much. What made HuniePop great was the strategy involved through itemization and board control, you had complete control over which blocks fell when and could manipulate the board freely. Also, it is far too easy to lose a chunk of your turns. I can have a decent fever combo but lose half of my remaining turns. That's fatal, you cannot create more turns.Also, I've run into ""but thou must"" choices and chooing the wrong answer does not create an interesting outcome, it just make the puzzle harder.The characters are okay but they don't have the believability that Hunipop had.These arent people youll run into nor do you think "" I've heard someone say that before."" Huniepop was light on story but it didnt need it, I could easily imagine that this person exists.EDIT: This will remain thumbs down until1) The tutorial doesn't mislead you and reveals that you can move pieces anywhere.2) Matching skulls gets you points anyways"
,Recommended,483960,23718844,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,ffleader1,"MOST IMPORTANT:The in-game tutorial doesn't explain that you can move in many directions, not just horizontal or vertical.Most, if not all, the downvote mentioned about how hard this game it. I admit, it's not easy, but not to the point of deserving a downvote for being ridiculously hard. On top of that, there is anEasy-mode patch.Below is the original reviews.----------------------------------------------The more you play, the harder it gets.If you want to make it super hard,you can get a patch here.Now about the game, it is also really hard.In case you think Dark Soul is hard, at least you can play that with both hands.TL;DR: This game will teach you the meaning of life: it's hard.Serious thought about FrontwingThank you frontwing for bringing this game here, to Steam, in full glory.Steam Trading Card✓Steam Achievements✓18+ patch✓I want to be honest here a little: I wasn't your big fan in the past. I know Grisaia is great and all, but you guy brought it to Steam without Cards (now available), without Achievements, and without official content-restoration patch was a let down.However, I guess after the rough announcement of SHARIN NO KUNI, you guys have realized the importance of listening to the community. The fact that is game is here, coupled with everything it can possibily have show me that:You guys have been listening.You guys are willing to change.I can't really elaborate how important that is.Well, I haven't bought the Grisaia game, but that is because I am waiting for the Unity port, which, at the time of writing, is almost finished. Hopefully it will implement Achievements. For the 18+ patch, the community will got you cover. A 18+ patch for the new engine, Unity, will be available later; and I will definitely purchase it then.All in all, I just want to say, I am glad that you guys are changing for the better. :DP/S:AKABEiSOFT2, I am looking at you!"
76561198027817952,Recommended,483960,25420574,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,pysali,"So this game is just plain silly and it doesn't try to hide that fact or pretend otherwise. It sets you up with a ridiculous premise and then it runs with it full tilt so most routes and even girls are more - match 3 get cg! - then anything else.This isn't bad per se, it just is what it is. People compare this to Huniepop (heck the dev even retweeted a tweet they sent him about Purino Party & Huniepop similiarities) so it's not surprising that they can be compared. The best way I can describe the difference is this:In Huniepop I showed up to play Match 3 and ended up falling in love with the girls and set up.In Purino Party I showed up to enjoy the girls and ended up falling in love with the Match 3.Purino Party's match 3 is the move one piece anywhere on the board style where half the goal is trying to displace other pieces to form as many combos as possible in each move. It has a natural timer once you start moving a piece for how long you have to finish each move and some stages feature a clock as well making it even more challenging.For me it's incredibly satisfying to complete a map on normal difficulty because it's so focus intense, but that also results in my tending to speed read through the route to get to the next puzzle...oops. Sexy VN/Match 3, I'm playing you wrong, but it feels so right.10/10 Would power through 'the good parts' to get to hair clenching Match 3 frustration again."
,Not Recommended,483960,24081148,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,dragonos451,"Some could think this game suffers from the comparison with Huniepop. But no. I don't need to compare it to say it's bad.The writing is complete over-the-top nonsense, the girls are unidimensional and uninteresting as soon as you get used to their gimmick. I don't know if that's because of culture shock or something, but during all non-puzzle parts, I was either perplexed, cringing, facepalming, or laughing hard at the absurdity of the dialogues.The puzzles : that's what got me interested in the game at first. I knew about that kind of free-movement gameplay and thought it would be interesting. But a few things ruined it.- moves and skulls : you start with a set amount of moves, but matching skulls will take away one move. There's no way to gain moves. This makes the game rely heavily on RNG for you to get the win, since if you get bad RNG, you can't delay your doom by focusing on gaining moves while waiting for a better setup to come up. This is already not great, but then the skulls come in. With this kind of gameplay, after a good move, a lot of things explodes and falls down, so tracking the possibility of skulls matching while frenetically matching as many symbols as possible in 10 seconds, with less than 5 seconds to plan your move in advance, that's pretty hard. But even if you're good, RNG will ♥♥♥♥ you at some point...- RNG and symbol counts : oh boy. The previous point wouldn't be so problematic without this. But sometimes, you'll have 4 moves left, you'll do a great job and match a lot of symbols, then in the chain reaction, skulls would get matched, then a column of 3 skulls would fall from the sky and get rid of another move, and then a row of 3 perfectly aligned skulls will fall on the other side of the screen and get rid of your 4th and last move. And you'll lose, because the game decided so. This happened to me more than once, losing an impressive amount of moves without any relation to skill.Now let's imagine you're very good at the game, you don't match any skulls, and the rng doesn't ♥♥♥♥ you. Congratulations, now a third of the symbols on the screen are skulls, because this game doesn't have a maximum amount of times the same symbol can appear on the screen. You didn't match any skulls? Now you have plenty. Which means it's harder not to match them, but also that you have less symbols on the screen to match and get points. Add to this clocks that barely help and also clog your screen, and you're left with only half a screen worth of points.On a more personal note, the x-rated patch was meh. But maybe I was too busy cringing because of the dialogue I just read to be receptive..."
,Recommended,483960,23955356,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,[MoeGamer.net] Pete,"Gotta admire the balls of a company to put a link to a game's X-rated patch on its Steam store page -- but I'm not complaining; it's very much appreciated! Fappable, you might say.Frontwing weren't really on my radar until I played The Fruit of Grisaia, but that made me very interested in anything else they might have to offer. This is certainly no Grisaia in terms of narrative or emotional impact, but it's a fun game in its own right, and well worth your time if you enjoy challenging puzzles and romancing cute girls.Don't come into this expecting HuniePop, though, because that's not what it's trying to be at all. Whereas HuniePop was essentially a life/dating sim with puzzle games to determine your success rate in dates, Purino Party is a straightforward linear puzzle game in which you complete increasingly difficult puzzle challenges in order to progress through each girl's story path, with your reward for each successful level completion being an additional story scene and a CG to add to your gallery.There are choices to make in the visual novel sections, but these don't affect the outcome of the story; instead, they determine the difficulty of the subsequent puzzle section and have some minor differences in dialogue.The girls all have their own interesting personality quirks and traits and have clearly been designed as actual characters with a bit of thought behind them rather than straightforward fetish-fulfilment tropes. I mean, there's an element of that -- this is essentially a nukige, after all -- but there's enough care and attention been put into their depiction to make you interested in them and want to find out more about them. Don't expect any harrowing plot arcs or deep, meaningful character development, though a number of characters do subvert the tropes they might initially seem to represent.The puzzle gameplay itself is solid and presents enough of an interesting twist on the usual match-3 formula to make it worth checking out, even if you're sick and tired of Bejeweled and its endless knockoffs. Rather than moving one gem one space at a time, here, grabbing a gem allows you to move it anywhere on the board, with gems it passes through sliding out of the way appropriately. Once you grab a gem, you have 10 seconds to move it, giving you ample time to set up some chain reactions and combos -- essential techniques for scoring enough to pass the higher levels.Sometimes it can feel like the randomness of the initial board setup can screw you over a bit, but it's not that big of a problem; levels are all very short -- 30 seconds to a minute at most -- so it's little issue to retry. And if you're getting really frustrated, there's the option to lower the difficulty without penalty.All in all, this is a solid, enjoyable game. It's not going to win any awards for innovation or storytelling, but it's charming, cute, sexy and fun. And sometimes that's all you want."
,Recommended,483960,23731369,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Goeli,"First of all, All the reviews that say this game is extremely hard from the start is playing it entirely wrong.This is not match 3 or Bejeweled, they are using the Puzzle & Dragon system which is popular in japan.You actually have to get 1 gem and create your own chain for a combo.The game is very simple, you pick a girl complete their puzzle and get a dialogue. at the end of the dialogue you receive an endcard thats all.Compared to Huniepop its very lacking there is really not much to do its just a straight forward route.Puzzle & Dragon gameplay -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QinPaufzF3I"
,Recommended,483960,34010157,Posted: 4 August,all,panya,One girl's hobby is porn. That's more than enough for me.
76561198046407118,Not Recommended,483960,23722190,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,True Patriot,"(NOTE: I will be making comparisons to HuniePop, as this game clearly wants to follow it's model.)So I'm just gonna go ahead and say that this is NOT a game you should spend your money on. It basically wants to be HuniePop, but it has almost no allure whatsoever. The only redeeming quality this game has is the art. The unockable CG's are pretty nice, and the background and character art are decent as well. But for the price, I can't give this a thumbs up, not when games like HuniePop cost less, and have so much more content. And that is the major flaw of this game, it has very little to offer in terms of content.The gameplay to Purino Party is INCREDIBLY repetitve and outwright boring. It has almost no skill to it at all. Unlike most games in this genre, the tiles you need to connect can be moved anywhere on the board, making strategy almost nonexistent. There aren't any gameplay modifiers at all. Similar to HuniePop, each girl has a specific tile they like more than the others, and they act like you get more points for matching those, but the amount gained compared to other tiles is almost the exact same. There really isn't any point in trying to match the preferred tiles. The mini game itself just feels like a stripped down version of Bejeweled.The game has no English voice acting, which isn't necessarily a turn off for me, but HuniePop, a game that costs around $5 less, has English Voice acting. The dialogue is super stilted, and the majority of what your character spews out of his mouth cannot be controlled by the player. In fact, when one of the characters ask you a question, you generally have 2 responses: a right and wrong answer. So there's nothing stopping you from missing the correct answer, then just reloading the game to get the right one.The User Interface and Menus are stupidly basic. So much so that it's a bit confusing at first on how you return to the main menu. This game clearly had very little effort put into it. Again, this game CLEARLY wants to try and follow the success of HuniePop, but it fails in literally every aspect. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME."
,Not Recommended,483960,23728505,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,N~,"It's obviously supposed to be huniepop, but without all of the character and fun mechanics. Honestly, I'm sure how companies like this get away with such blatant cash-ins, but it gets a downvote from me. For shame, Frontwing."
,Not Recommended,483960,23721219,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Belgerum,"This game is not very fun to play. The visual novel segments are bland, the CGs don't even ralte to the story much, and the gameplay itself relies less on critical thinking like a puzzle might, and on RNG-based luck, making my highest scores when I adopted a strategy of ""shuffle the entire board around and hope you can make a bunch of combos instead of watching for good matches.""HuniePop has much better flirty gameplay. Other visual novels like Fruit of Grisaia or Princess Evangelie have longer, better storylines. WHile this game has some value of note, it isn't crafted with the love and passion it needs to be  memorable or worth my time and money."
76561198203957856,Not Recommended,483960,33239451,Posted: 4 July,all,Nyko | eXXCube,This game is a bad copy ofHuniePopPositive:-The pictures are AMAZING *-*-dialogues are very funny und cute-characters are unique(-achievments look nice)Negative:The complete programming of the game has been so badly implemented. It's so lame because there are no special tokens and unnecessarily 2-3 moves are taken away allthough you are moving just one token. :/I give 42 of 100 points><
,Recommended,483960,23775759,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Moeniac,"I mean, yeah, I like it. It's definitely no HuniePop, but when you set the standard that high, it'll be pretty hard to meet to begin with. When you don't compare it to anything and look at it as its own thing, it's pretty good.As someone who already plays a ton of visual novels to begin with and liked HuniePop for showing that exploiting sexualization in an anime game in an over-the-top fashion can still be enjoyable when you make the focus of your game on gameplay rather than reading, the fact that I got the best of both worlds here was really nice.I'll admit it, the visual novel portion is a little subpar. The stories themselves following the individual women are a little quick to the point and never really get that deep. It's not horrible considering the characters are goofy and likable, I just expected a little more out of Frontwing after reading The Fruit of Grisaia. Not bad, I just see some places where improvements can be made.Everyone here is criticizing the puzzles, and lemme just say, I have no idea where the Jesus you all are getting your criticisms from. I get so much enjoyment from the fact that these puzzles enrage me beyond belief from just how complex and difficult they can be, but it always feels as if it's your own mistakes that leads to your failure instead of the game's own fault. This lead me to keep on playing, develop strategies, and rearrange the puzzle pieces in my own way. Sure, the broken hearts from HuniePop will enrage people, but you know what this game has? Motherflopping skulls. These epitomes of Satan are ALL over the board, and each time you accidently match then, the amount of turns you have reduces. I can't begin to tell you how salty I've gotten because HALF MY FREAKING TURNS WERE UNINTENTIONALLY TAKEN AWAY BY THESE GOD FORSAKEN SKULLSGOD HOW WAS I SUPPOSED TO SEE THAT MATCH ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE FREAKING BOARD. Oh, did I mention unlike HuniePop, there's a time limit here? This isn't a watered-down version of HuniePop like people are saying. This is aman'sversion of it.So yeah, I found enjoyment in this game. If you didn't like it, that's alright, I simply like it in its own way and don't think it should be criticized for not meeting HuniePop's standard."
,Not Recommended,483960,23736616,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,UnLuckyCat,"It's really simple and lighthearted, but not a lot of content. The VN portion consists of picking a girl, letting a scene play out, picking between two choices with near-identical outcomes, unlocking a CG, and then repeat. 5 times per girl, 8 girls in total. The scenes are all canned, so there's no decisions on where to go or what to do, and any choices you make have no bearing on the story/ending/CG or anything besides a slight boost in the next puzzle game. But at least you've got some funny jokes and references in the dialogue as you converse about fetishes and kinks and depraved hobbies.The puzzle gameplay is also fairly simple, and basically Puzzle and Dragons without diagonal movement or any of the RPG elements like passive/active skills or HP management. Or like HuniePop except you can move in multiple straight lines per turn, but without the RPG elements like stat modifiers and items. It's also incredibly easy, and the difficulty is always the same for the first grid of every girl, so if you complete a full route before moving on you lose all sense of progression. I'm surprised there's no achievement for completing a puzzle within your first move, as I've gotten up to 800 out of the required 1000 a couple times now. Simply put, they give you way too much time per turn, which freezes your overall time limit while you move, so you can clear practically the entire 8x8 board in one go without consequence. The only pitfall here are the skulls which reduce your total move count if you clear them, but still give you just as many points as anything else, and since I never need all 8 or so moves I've never given them a second thought.The best I've found is to intentionally choose the wrong answers during the VN portion to increase the goal by a few points, but the highest it goes is around 3000 which only needs a couple rounds of Fever to clear in no time. It would have been nice to have some kind of challenge mode or optional content barred behind much more difficult puzzles. There is the option to reduce the difficulty if you fail to beat a puzzle, but there's no way to increase it if it's already too easy.It's a decent play if you like memes and match-3 games, but wait for a big sale cause there's not a lot here."
,Recommended,483960,23720647,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,bakabiscuits,"Don't go into this game expecting Huniepop 2.0 because you'll just be disappointed (like me). There aren't any H scenes either, even on the ""X-rated"" version, in case that's what you're looking for. The ""hentai"" in this game is similar to the CG pictures you will receive in Huniepop while completing the girls' routes, but it's really all you get in this game without the bedroom dates from Huniepop that felt far more rewarding.With that being said, I would still recommend this game on its own merits. It's no Huniepop, but if you're looking for a casual puzzle game with some hentai on the DL, you should pick up this game. The girls are cute and the art isn't bad. Some of the girls are a bit bland, but you'll encounter that in even some of the best VNs.However, as a dating sim, I would not recommend this game. The MC gives off a bit of a rapey vibe (especially in Miyako's route), and some of the writing is pretty cringe. The pacing is all over the place for a dating sim and the relationships between the girls and the MC doesn't develop naturally at all. Perhaps I've been spoiled by dating sims like If My Heart Had Wings, or even Gaokao Love 100 Days, but even when I'm not comparing Purino Party to excellent dating sims, it still comes up short. I understand that Huniepop had an unnatural development in the relationships between the girls' and the MC, but it parodied that VN trope much better and much more gracefully than PP. HP was far more self-aware and had clever writing whereas PP did not.To wrap this up, what made this game disappointing for me was the ""HP 2.0"" hype. HP is definitely in my top ten favorite games, and of course, the hype ultimately left me disappointed. I don't know what I was expecting, or what I should have expected, but if you're expecting a second HP, you're probably going to be disappointed. The writing in this game is far less clever, which is probably what left me so disappointed at the end of the game.6/10 bc this game didn't have another Audrey :/"
,Not Recommended,483960,23845301,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Nightingale,"This game has a lot of faults to begin with.- As a visual novel, it's pretty generic, shows nothing new, just clichés. From ""story"" to ""(idealized) characters"", everything exists only on paper as written words, but not giving them an arc nor idea to make interesting.- The options are pretty clear and obvious, and not affecting anything on the end of the route or the overall ending, just giving penalty for the matching sections.- As a matching game, the only challenge is to get the points which are going higher and higher by default, plus the penalty if you chose the bad answers duing the VN section. No point losing or grabbing multiplying stones or what so ever (only the time).- In the tutorial, it only shows the basics for the matching, but not the rejuvenating mechanics: not just drag and drop in straight lines, but you can rearrange sections with drag and dropping.- Oh, yeah: drag and drop. If you misclick one but not changing anything at all, still counts as move.The only good point to have are the patches as usable options to help through, but the easy mode patch is only good for achievement hunters, while x-rate patch is very light-hearted. Basically said: this is just a cheap rip-off, a clone on it's genre."
76561198069159152,Recommended,483960,30896572,Posted: 2 April,all,wrb41977,"This is a fun little game. The Match-3 is a bit secondary to the visual novel part, but it is well-done. Just take care to answer correctly, as that affects the score you need to beat on the next puzzle. And in some cases, the time you have to do so."
76561198129446098,Recommended,483960,24836206,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Qwaser of Argon,"the game is ok, but it feels thrown together, it feels like less than half a game. the adult patch only adds CG's that are adult and they feel like they are from another game. I would say only get this game on heavy discount otherwise dont bother. I only bought it because it was from Frontwing and i thought it would be better than it is."
,Not Recommended,483960,34801794,Posted: 7 September,all,Aoverlook,3/10 What the .......POS- 18+ patch- good artworksCON- very very poor storyline- poor gameplay- waste of time- expensive price for this game
,Recommended,483960,24346876,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,rickylows2,"HEY have you played huniepop before this. Then you pretty much played this game, i think its alitle bit more forgiving and you CAN actually make combos and instead of hoping the blocks will fall into place but huniepop is alot more fun more interesting AND little more sexy thanks to the moaning hahai do recommend this game and you should download the patch to make the game xrated(uncensored version)"
,Recommended,483960,24081668,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Clocked,Played for around an hourdidn't bother with the tutoriallearned it the hard wayrip
76561198030797384,Not Recommended,483960,33873210,Posted: 28 July,all,Schmitty,"The absolute worst match game ever!!!!!!  If they removed this, then the VN would be 5 out of 10 as the CG's are cute, but the story is weak.  As it stands, 0 out of 10.  The match game is so bad that you will not even attempt it at the higher levels, but just click to get failure status.   Once you fail enough, you can succeed because it keeps lowering the standards.Do not buy over $1."
76561198033708780,Recommended,483960,33939001,Posted: 31 July,all,RamenSoup43,"Exactly what you bought it for, so don't lie.  Don't worry, I buy Hustler for the articles too!  Puzzle aspect has some challenge to it so that's fine.  Don't expect any award winning dialogue though, it doesn't even look like it'd have it; just your run of the mill dating sim hijinks.  Recommending for those who are into that, otherwise use your common sense; it isn't exactly Oprah Book Club material."
76561198202888399,Recommended,483960,24269041,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Nobie1Knobie,"I see a lot of mixed reviews for this game, some annoyed with how this game is just a new Hunie pop, Which I reply. ""Who really cares, I like this game better then Hunie pop."" It may have similar concepts like the puzzles to get girls to like you, but the puzzles in this game are a lot more strategic, I will explain the basic concept, Ahem.The puzzle is you can pick up any tile on the puzzle board, and drag it anywhere for 10 seconds, making it way easier to get 10 combos (Not to brag but I get every time) and when you win, You get a good story from all the girls. (not to lie the beginning and the reason all the girls like you because of your puzzle skills.....doesn't make much sense.) the pics are hot/ cute but the characters are C+ at best, So not the best, some of the pure and innocent characters have the same personality, But its fine. The choices are funny, the Responses are funny, and the girls are cute, the puzzles being difficult but not impossible.Full rating: 6/10         Not the best, but enough to give it a recommend."
,Recommended,483960,33240625,Posted: 4 July,all,Anetheon,"it's like Huniepop... but, not"
,Not Recommended,483960,28836979,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Parrk,"The match game is not fun.  The routes are short with 4 rounds of match game each.   It isn't ""hard"" per se so much as it is simply unfair.  You are in a situation where the only way to clear the match puzzles is to trigger large combos, meaning that you need to stay near the bottom of the board and hope for fortunate drops, but all you get are turn-stealing whammy tiles falling and losing two or three turns per move.I like front wing, but I hate this game."
,Recommended,483960,23789579,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Davos,"I don't know why this game receives so many bad reviews I think it's definitely worth its money.The puzzle system is like that of Puzzle & Dragons and if you understand how it works it's not hard at all.The characters are drawn by nanaca mai who is also known for the VN ""Pure Girl"" and ""Innocent Girl"", Purino Party uses the same character designs and cg's.The routes and interactions with the girls are a bit short and I would really like a puzzle only mode but for me it's still one of the better puzzle/dating sims on steam so I recommend it for fans of Puzzle & Dragons, Huniepop and short fun games."
76561198160868511,Recommended,483960,33557396,Posted: 15 July,all,Strayed Lynx,"A doujin game that plays like HuniePop,nothing exceptional,but it's a pretty neat game."
,Recommended,483960,29030577,Posted: 5 January,all,¡OOO67VH,"enjoyable game. very few replays required, i.e., easier match-3 typealready half the girls love memight blow up in my face / 10(pun intended)"
76561198205726159,Recommended,483960,24267734,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Firetucan1234,First Achievement I ever got was called Turn me on. I like this game already.
76561198023969223,Not Recommended,483960,23744097,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,jesternz001,"Lets get this out of the way, I wanted to like this game... I really did.  It does have some things going for it.  First, it has some pretty good character design.  Also, I don't mind the whole Japanese only voice work.  More often than not, you get better quality emoting from a low level Japanese voice actress than from the equivalent American voice actress.   The way this game is presented is a cross between Hunie Pop and a visual novel like Katawa Shoju.I think that is where the problems begin.  This is nothing like either game.The first problem with this game is that it isn't a visual novel.  There is no branching storyline nor is there any real development of a plot beyond ""Oh hey!  Meet these girls and seduce them with your mad puzzle skillz!""  The girls themselves range from quirky to completely off their rockers and not even touching on reality.  Props to the voice actresses for actually DOING the lines that were recorded.  You get, at most, a *DING* or a *BZZZT* depending on the answer you give... and that doesn't change anything whatsoever.The second problem with this game is it isn't a real Hunie Pop clone.  It lacks the charm and humor that Kyu brings to the table.  That could be forgiven if the gameplay itself wasn't so bad.  You will literally find yourself beating your head against the wall while you try to complete each puzzle.  There isn't a sense of accomplishment, it's a sense of relief when you complete the puzzle.  There is no way to mitigate nor work around the massive difficulity spike other than to just plug along.It's not worth the time nor money to play this game.  If you want the experiences that this game claims to provide, then look at getting Hunie Pop and Katawa Shoju.  Much better uses of your time."
76561198068227083,Not Recommended,483960,23747609,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mr.Lister the Sister Phister,"I will be completely honest. This game is trash. Coming at this from playing HunniePop, this stacks up no where near as decent as that game was, and that is saying a lot. The characters are all moe trash♥♥♥♥♥♥characters, who despite their ""innocent"" appearance are all very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ girls. There is no real depth to any of their characters or any real personality to them at all.Game play wise its even worse. They put you up to bat with little to no real practice at the game. The tutorial doesn't even explain half of what you need to know; or at least didnt in a way I understood on first attempt. They constantly put you up with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t requirements to continue down a girls path and most of the time I feel like the difficulty is randomly generated from girl to girl. The timer is ignoble unless you are bad at making quick decisions and for the most part you can combo clocks enough to ignore it. The move limit on the other hand is the most annoying thing ever. You will move in what seems like one move, but they count multiple move for longer movement (or seemed that way) and they limit you to ridiculous standards. At one point to progress it asked me to do 2600 points in 6 moves. Thats just insane. To top it off there is no difficulty setting you can start at in case for some unknown reason you wanted to just play a quick story. You have to lose a puzzle to lower its difficulty and I think (not 100 on this) it makes it harder the next time you do it.Also another minor complaint is the UI blows. I really hate how I have to go to the main menu to look at the gallery and how you have to ""Take another girls route"" just to get to the menu to save.All in all this game was a shallow and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rip off of HunniePop. Not worth the time or the money in my opinion. Makes the fact it was on sale a little better I guess, but 9 dollars is a lot of money to play what feels like unfinished crap.Tl:Dr = not worth the money.♥♥♥♥♥♥HunniePop clone."
,Recommended,483960,23741908,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Dan from Danbo,"If you want to watch gameplay of this game without buying first, here's a Let's Play I am doing so you can see for yourself if you want to play it or not.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7dMgYoUj798But as for the game?Don't expect this to be Huniepop 2.0 or else you will only disappoint yourself. Maybe if you already play Huniepop, you will find this lacking.But this is a solid puzzle solving game with solid characters all around. I've only played 3 hours into it but I can already tell I will be playing more. Why? Here are the pros and cons:Pros:+ Cute girls, they're all into something dirty.+ The puzzles are CHALLENGING.+ Art is very clean and gorgeous.+ R-18 Patch is available+ Music is jammingCons:- Not a lot of character interaction-  Not a lot of content, just straight up puzzle game.- Could be a little pricey for some folks for the contentOverall, I do recommend it because the characters are cute and charming and heck, those CG pictures are... worth it in my opinion. I just really wish there was more interaction. It's more of a visual novel than a puzzle solving game.I repeatit is more of a visual novel than a puzzle solving game."
,Recommended,483960,23844369,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Max Wick,A much clunkier version of HuniePop with a lot less options as to what you can do.It's good for what it is but not worth it for the price. I'd say it's worth 5 bucks.The HD gallery is a plus.Overall it's okay.
,Not Recommended,483960,24087522,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,IBa4grama3,try hunipop lot better-limit move-zero charm-dialog choice only 2if me buy when on sale or buy hunipop-no upgrade  systeam
,Recommended,483960,23720376,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Haerts,"Now that I have decided to be less cynical towards this I am rewriting my review. At first I feel I judged it too harshly. It's not /that/ bad, but I feel there is still room for improvement. It's not exactly very obvious that combos are key and it tends to start you off on a difficulty that for most just starting off is really hard. Today FW released a tutorial video which I find to be very helpful in showing and explaining how to play ->https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EubzL0eiEsgThey also released an easy mode patch which honestly to me feels like baby mode. You can get the patch here ->http://download.frontwing.jp/en/games/purino-party/easy-mode/If you want more of a challenge you're better off playing without the easy mode patch. I feel like there is still room for improvement. It might not be obvious but if you have the X-rated patch go to the cg gallery and click the CGs to see the X-rated content.PROSCute art/cute girlsI like some of the voice actors like Himari (who is also in Nekopara!)Translation is good. Story feels alright.Puzzles are fun.CONSMusic feels repetative and annoying. Same with the girls constantly cheering you on. They're cute girls but those repetative cheers get old fast. -_-Reused assets: Every single H-CG and sprite are all reused from the original games. Not really anything new if you were a fan of Pure/Innocent Girl and wanted to see new original CGs. Would have been nice if they bothered to give us something original and new to this game.As a QA person for visual novels I really would have liked some consistency with the stuttering. (ex W-what -> Wh-What) This is probably more of a personal preference tho.Anyway, as I said still room for improvement. Would be satisfied if they decided to add more content because it really doesn't have much replay value now that I've gotten every CG and read the story. It's an alright game. I'm sure people will enjoy it more for the porn than the actual gameplay in the end. That's all I hope you enjoy Purino Party~"
,Recommended,483960,26000296,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Elektrolysis,"Ever wanted to solve puzzles to score with all the girls? Well this is the game for you! Show off those dazzling puzzle skills and get in the pants of your own cute anime girl harem. Don't forget to patch the 18+ content, you naughty boys. Just make sure you keep the door locked and a few tissues on hand."
,Recommended,483960,30887975,Posted: 1 April,all,Tyochi,7/11Pros:Sexy picturesIt's a game that's good to masturbate onYou get nudes. C'mon who would not play a game with nudes on. Unless your parrents are behind you like my mom...Cons:Too short gameplay
,Recommended,483960,25718458,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Kontorted,Miyako likes doing all sorts of things with her mouthWould you like to suck myFavourite type of lolipop? I love LOLIpops :D
,Recommended,483960,23719220,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Mr. Jizzard The Tentacle Wizard,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=708888703First of all, can we get some love for the devs over here?! Not only have they created a game worthy of carrying on the infamous Huniepop’s legacy, they are brash enough to post the download link to the uncensored patch as an official announcement! Way to stick it to Lord Gabe, evidently true Nippon devs think and operate differently than us western baka gaijins.Now, even though I posted this super-dank meme above, (Made by yours truly in the half hour between my discovering this gem and it’s release) there is a key difference! I’ll (tips fedora) put it down here for you fine ladies and gents.Different paths. The game contains 8 sexy anime ladies for you to romance up, one at a time. 5 chapters each, with supa kawaii CGs to be unlocked upon the completion of a chapter. You will of course, be playing Bejeweled to win their affection, which is why I made that hilarious and original meme. This is obviously different from the straight up harem “route” of Huniepop, if you can even call it a route. In Huniepop you basically give the girls watermelons or maracas, depending on their nationality, and Candy Crush your way into the bed. This game is blatantly different, and even though the gameplay itself is extremely similar, I’d say it’s structured BETTER than Huniepop. (Hence upgrade) Much more replayability value, and when you’re not playing Bejeweled, it’s structured like a VN. Huniepop didn’t have this feature, or at least not very much. Also, LOVVVVEEEE this moe artstyle.Fully representing all the Japanese anime girl stereotypes, you’ll find your own dream girl right here! So get out there and connect those tiles Onii-chan! <333"
,Recommended,483960,24174053,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,DemiDeityLink,"Good visual Novel! Its hard but you know ""Get Gud"". 10/10 Love the Dialogue."
76561198084001067,Not Recommended,483960,23721118,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Jaowhen,"For 12 bucks the game is pretty hard, too bad it doesn't get you that way with the constant restarts and frustration. I could see this as a handheld game ;), not a steam game. Overall, I would like a refund."
,Not Recommended,483960,23873956,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,m0zone,good idea buttimed matchs and limits on moves  this isnt huniepopyou will fail over and over and over till game lets you go easy modethen you will fail over and over and do it again
,Not Recommended,483960,23757031,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Dipsky,if u want better graphic and gameplay.. buy huniepop..puzzle is confusing. your moves is too short
76561198008885464,Not Recommended,483960,23755497,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Coffee N Camels,"This is a REALLY bad version of Hunnie Pop, pretty much. It's not as funny, theres almost no interaction with any of the girls, getting to know them or their likes, going on dates, etc. It's just puzzle, cutscene, puzzle, cutscene. Then on top of that, the puzzles aren't fun or challenging, they're just time crunch panic puzzles. In that you can't sit there and think because you don't have time. You also cant slide the pieces around while considering the consequences because the moment you touch a tile, it counts as a move.So, overly frustrating puzzles for absolute garbage. Play Hunnie Pop."
,Recommended,483960,23730698,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Hikari,"Purino Party is a visual novel (VN) and puzzle game hybrid. REPEAT, it is a visual novel and not a dating-sim so don't expect anything in that genre. The objective of this game is to clear the puzzles to progress through each girl's story and get new CGs.This game is not difficult AT ALL if you know how to play. It's not a typical match three game like HuniePop or any other games like Bejeweled. People misunderstood the gameplay and criticized the game for it. It plays more like Tower of Saviors on mobile devices. Remain calm as most of the time, there is no time limit. You can easily get a high combo chain if you at least pay attention to the board.If you want story, you'll find nothing here. You get a chance to live in the same building with many different girls and try to get close to them by solving puzzles. That's all. I've cleared one route in less than an hour so there's not much story here.The translation is pretty great. I know a bit of Japanese so I am able to point out if there are any mistakes in translation or typos. So far, as I've only cleared Sora's route, the translation is accurate so I'm positive that other routes will have the same quality. I'm very glad that their in-house translation does well in this regard. The future of English VNs is bright.The art or the CG is what draws me in even though they are just still images with no voice-over and almost have nothing to do with the story. I love nanaca mai's art style so it is worth a purchase. Beware that that the CGs in this game contain nudity by default. You can also get the X-RATED patch for free which adds a few extra CGs, which could not be in the game by default due to Steam policy, to the gallery.I hope that by buying this game, more devs will see that there is a market in English community and release more VNs in English."
,Recommended,483960,23743376,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ScriptsDS,The best game for me. 4 girls is different style that story make fun and smile.Game is Visual Novel with Dating sim. The puzzle is component.
,Recommended,483960,23755641,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Xenophy,I just found new fapping material here lol XD
76561198021340936,Not Recommended,483960,26377321,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Mr. Dent,"Purino Party is a game that's practically unbeatable- As in, impossible to finish. Not because it's hard or anything like that, I actually found the puzzle segments to be very fun, and wish I could play more of them. No, Purino Party is unbeatable because it is bugged to hell and back. Oddly, it's not the puzzle segments that are bugged, but the short Visual Novel-style cutscenes that come after them. It's odd and very frustrating, because they aren't anything special or extremely tasking, they're just simple cutscenes almost any machine should be able to run. However, without fail, your game will crash. Again, and again. At the same points, and at new ones, leading to an impossible to finish game. It's very frustrating, because the art and UI are very nice, and I can see the game being enjoyable, if it were at all playable.That said, if you've got an older version of Windows, or whatever it is that lets your machine run it, It's worth a shot. The story's weak but the main appeal is the art and puzzle bits, so if either of those sound appealing, you might check it out. If you want to risk spending money on a game that simply doesn't work."
76561198077867707,Not Recommended,483960,23766565,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mandrak,The game is slow and the quality is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ so only worth 1 or 2 euros
,Not Recommended,483960,23784606,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Lookatmefamous,"Regret getting this game, it's so difficult that it will make you want to refund this game. How can you do 9 turns with 20 secs on your♥♥♥♥♥to make 1800 points!?!?! Not only that, there are so many goddamn skulls in every corner and it will eat your turns like nothing. Nothing compared to hunniepop. This is a picky one.BE PREPARED TO SEE ALOT OF FAILURE IN FRONT OF YOU! THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥IS NO JOKE."
,Recommended,483960,25318192,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Kittenshark,For all my♥♥♥♥♥♥butts
76561198094105467,Not Recommended,483960,24185484,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,luckeymancan,of course i am comparing this game to huniepop and it doesnt even come close. huniepop is better in everyway including the bejewled gameplay. all in all save yourself from this game and play huniepop
,Recommended,483960,24024787,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Lyridia Starwalker,"The first half of this game is great. All the girls are hilarious (The girl whose introductary statements are that she loves porn is the most tame of all of them somehow), the writing is fantastic (I know this is a Japanese developer but I couldn't find a release date for JP, so idk if this was translated or not. If it was kudos to the localization team this is really funny), and the gameplay is balanced and satisfying. The gameplay may seem simplistic and RNG-dependant at first since you have the ability to move any piece to any location and the game rewards combos very heavily, there's actually some hidden depth. The trick is not to think about what moves to make with the piece you grab, but how to use your ability to shove pieces out of the way to make as many other matches at the same time as possible in the 10 second time limit, which adds in a lot of tension and quick thinking.Then the second half happens and everything goes downhill. Only one of the second batch of girls is anything remotely similar to the humor of the first batch, and for some reason the game tries to give your MC some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t opinion that overt sexuality is bad, completely ignoring the past year of his life spent saying how cool it was that the other girls were so open about their sexuality. The reason I could only be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to get through two of the girl's full routes though, is because of the difficulty spike. The first half has a very fair difficulty curve, with the early puzzles being easy and can be completed with minimal skill required, with the later puzzles of each girl ramping up in a reasonable curve and the last puzzle of each route requiring solid understanding of the inner workings of the mechanics and very few mistakes to complete without having to lower the difficulty after failing it. Then the second half comes in and starts ramping up the score requirements and lowering the turn count even further on just the first puzzle, with it scaling up to a ridiculous level by the end. The last two puzzles of each girl I had to delibrately fail 5+ times just to stack up enough 200 pt. reductions in the score goal to stand a chance of completing it, and that's taking into account that I made sure to get each response during the previous stage's dialogue correct, no telling how crazy it would get if you failed them.Also, if you're here for the porn, don't bother. Nothing here you won't find by googling ""hentai"", and it gets very samey and boring after you've seen your 5th picture of a girl in a bathtub. (The water looks really good though)TLDR: Wait for it to go 50% off next big sale, turn it off as soon as you finish the first half."
76561198006185639,Recommended,483960,24015257,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Akeashar,"Going into Purino Party, I was expecting something similar to Huniepop, another Match 3 'dating' game, however the two are very dissimilar, but good in their own ways. Purino Party is a purer form of matching game, where you pursue 8 girls split into two groups of four. Each girl has five rounds of the Match 3 puzzle game through her story, with Visual Novel elements between each round of the puzzle game, where the correct answers assist you in the upcoming round, whether it is lowering the target score, giving more moves before the round ends, or longer on the clock.The rounds start easy enough, but by the end they're quite challenging, able to be frustrating but if you get stuck you can bow out of the current girl's route you're exploring and try another for a bit. The girls are different in personality, and amusingly written, giving the game a sex comedy feel where a man's virtue is not measured by wealth, build or intelligence but by his skill in Puzzle games. Alas, the girl who performs the framing device for the story and introduces you to the setting and the girls is not one that you can pursue.A note on the X-Rated patch, its exactly what it says on the tin. While there are no adult scenes within the VN portions of the game itself, the reward CG images for clearing each match are rather explicit even with the mosaic censorship (which really doesn't detract much from the imagery itself)To sum up, Purino Party is a fun, challenging Puzzle game with VN elements, a bevy of bawdy ladies, and a difficulty slope that rises nicely until the last two rounds per girl, which can be both challenging and rather frustrating. Lovely art, and a top notch localization by Frontwing's Localization Team definitely made this game worth the admission and I'm looking forward to the next game they produce."
76561198035900400,Recommended,483960,24004422,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Kromo,"Its ok.Game mechanics are actually pretty good, once you realize its not so much about matching as many as quickly as possible, but moving the pieces around to create as many matches as possible before the timer (which I initially didn't see at first, but is on your cursor) runs out.  It is not that difficult as some of the reviews might have you believe.  You just need to learn the habits of the blocks and pray that you can get a good starting board and for a benefitial cascade.It took me 6 hours of steam time to get all the achievements.  Although towards the end I was just skimming through the text.The story is basically 5 chapters per girl, 8 girls in total.  The characters are all basically completely segregated, and each follows their own little story arc which invariably involves you solving a puzzle, getting to know them a little better, soliving another puzzle...until they like you.  Tone of these little arcs varies, at first I thought it was going to be a comedy game as the girls stories I played through were pretty odd.  Some of them are raging perverts and the stories are pretty silly, while others play the whole visual novel tropes straight faced.  It is kind of weird how tonally inconsistent it is.  Like, its kind of tongue and cheek about how girls are really into guys who can play puzzle games...but by the end of the game you are this wise life coach to all these girls and they feel a deep platonic conneciton with you.As for the nudie bits (as I assume you are going to download the x-rated patch)...it is basically some disjointed cg that you get from completing each chapter.  It is softcore, so don't expect any hardcore lovemaking.  Just some ecchi shots which don't really have much to do with the chapter that just passed.  Usually the first one or two is just some regular artwork, 3 to 5 has toplessness.Art is pretty good, music is alright, (I do like the fever music) story is a mixed bag and the core gameplay mechanic is alright.Doesn't bring anything new to the table, nothing earth shattering...but it works. If there weren't nudie bits I would skip it entirely."
76561198045514703,Recommended,483960,23788670,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Zonijo,"As many reviews have said before me, This is not Huniepop 2.0. If you're going into it expecting a game as charming and fun as Huniepop, then you'll probably come away disappointed. Now with that being said, is it a bad game? No, not really.Alot of people who are complaining about the difficulty are probably unaware of the real trick to this game. Its a match 3 game mixed with a sliding tile puzzle (as apposed to a slightly modified match 3 system like Huniepop. This means that you can move one piece in a path, anywhere on the board, (within a move time limit) and your goal is to use that movement to match other tiles into lines of 3 or more. Unfortunetly the tutorial doesnt really do well enough at explaining this. Once you figure out the trick to it the puzzles actually become pretty satisfying and fun.Storywise, i think its really tongue in cheek, all the characters are ridiculous and are well aware that puzzles determine how attractive you are. The voice acting is nice, and the dialogue is so stupid you'll probably find yourself laughing at it. Ultimately, the story is just there for comedic purposes and it works for me.If you like the art style just based on what you see here on the store page then you'll like the cg's and kudos to Front Wing for just straight out giving us the X-rated patch, thats something you can commend them on even if you dislike the game.Overall, i like it. Not something i'd spend a ludicrous amount of time playing, but a fun little time waster that doesnt really deserve the kneejerk scorn its getting. Definitely a victim of excessive expectations. At the very least, grab it on sale.""Edit"" - Apparently they've now updated the tutorial to make it more clear and to better teach you the best way to play, so double kudos to FrontWing for listening to their fans feedback and actually doing something about it."
,Recommended,483960,24070824,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Yozora,Good gameif ur having a hard time go to thier website and get the easy patch makes it take alot less points to compelete
,Not Recommended,483960,35200484,Posted: 25 September,all,cbocbo,"I did finish this game under 8 hours, but i do not recommend this game at all.Props:-Cute girl-Some funny diologDiss like about this game:- you only get 10 moves, you cant get more moves,- there is no difficult mode, you must istall it from there web site, it just more of a question why didt they just put it in the game alredy- The fastest to way to be done with this game is just clikk 10 times on the same Puzzel pice and not move it 10 times. And just lower the point scoord to even just enjoy the game- you lose moves when you just clikk on accident and just releset right after.-  Only thing that happen if you take the wrong diolog option is that they get confust or littel bit mad but they dont hate you for it. or if you take the right one nothing happen. My option is that they shoud just drop the chosing of diolog."
,Recommended,483960,23722128,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,ElectricCD,"Honestly im enjoying this, i like a puzzle game that proves to be a challenge. But still i see this is not for everyone.Edit: Ive finish this game now and honestly once i figured out the trick to the puzzles it became easier to play but still i found it nearly impossible to beat without lowering the difficulty i mean it was burtal at times. Still a cute game but some of the puzzle ARGGGHHHH!!!!"
76561198040019794,Not Recommended,483960,23833708,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,widx,if value for money is what you want this is not it it is clunky cheaply made you'd be better off getting hunie pop it is cheaper and made way better then this definite refund way over priced
,Not Recommended,483960,23737421,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,z0mbiesrock,"It's very shallow. It also has no H-scenes, so it's not what the game implies. Also, the uncensored patch may be easily obtainable, but it's just not that enough to have actual hentai. So, NOPE."
76561198145914102,Recommended,483960,23744260,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,notDrakekidd6,X-Rated makes it worth it. Btw yes my right arm did get alittle big while playing this.
,Not Recommended,483960,23772407,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Bud,"I had such high hopes for this game, I truly did.  I thought this game would play out a lot like the game ""HuniePop"" but with a few little twist and in a few ways, it was so close but in the end, it failed.  Maybe it is just me but I am sooooooo (""so"" drawn out for a heavy emphasis here.) tired of grossly overbreasted women who do all that they can do to ""throw"" themselves into having you bone them.The puzzle sideset is fun and I can handle the eight move maximun but why does it have to be timed?  Having the puzzle with a lower timelimit forces you to not use strategy in solving the puzzles but forces you to ""Move and Prey"" on your selective few turns.  And with the achievement about clearing ""12 lines in one turn"" won't ever happen but it COULD have both happened easier and it would have honestly been fun to spend the time and construct the lines to be able to do so.The idea to move any piece to anywhere...reguardless if it creates a match or not is a true joy though and I just wish I could both do the puzzle better like I stated above and that I could just do the puzzle at times instead of forcing to commit to a ""date"".  As much fun as the puzzles would be though to just play, you can't just date the same girl over and over to get the puzzle but you are maxed out at, I believe, 5 dates total per girl and even knowing there are ten known girls at this time, that is a total of 25 puzzles.I don't really mind the dates though, even knowing I am so very tired of the ""Sakura games"" mentality at this point and to see yet another game fall into the very trap of showing the ""Dumb girls with HUGE breast turn out to be completely categorized into the known girl tropes and oversexualized and willing to have sex your character for so much as offering them a ""cookie"" (or whatever) is just getting boring and annoying to a male player and a female player is often heavily offended....way to go, offending an entire player based does not end well for a company and I hope your company changes in the future.------------------I guess in conclusion though, this game is fun but right before I hit the ""2 hour mark"", I thought for an hour or two while I feed my kids or talking to my wife about some useless crap that I didn't care for in the slightest about to keep this game.  It is just sad that the game couldn't be a must keep and I had to debate to even wanting to keep it or return it.I do have hope for both the company and this game though, but please...and I am BEGGING here so I will put this in all capital letters and if it is offensive to someone out there, I don't mean it to be but I am trying to help the Visual Novel writers and game designers.WE AS A COMMUNITY ARE SO VERY TIRED OF REHASHING THE SAME TYPE OF GIRLS WITH OVERSIZED AND COMPLETELY UNREALISTIC BREAST SIZES WHO WANT NOTHING MORE THAN TO BONE YOU OR ARE OVERSEXUALISED.  HOW IS ANY OF THIS HELPFUL OUTSIDE OF THE 'HIGH SCHOOL' MENTALITY AND HOW IS ANY OF THIS APPROPRIATE IN THE LEAST FOR A GIRL GAMER, WHICH I AM NOT?WHAT WOULD BE SO WRONG ABOUT HAVING A GIRL SUFFERING FROM A PROBLEM SUCH AS A WEIGHT, FINANCIAL, CRIMINAL, OR EDUCATIONALLY BASED AND TO HAVE THE STORY NOT ALWAYS BE ABOUT SEX.  AND FOR ""F"" SAKES, IS A NORMAL BREAST SIZE SO BAD.  AS A 36 YEAR OLD MALE, I HAVE SEEN BOTH AND MY WIFE'S SMALLER SIZE DOES NOT BOTHER ME AT ALL.  WHY, REALLY WHY, CAN'T THE GUY BE THE MORE EDUCATED PERSON OR HAVE THE GIRLS NOT ALL THROW THEMSELVES TO THE ONLY MALE CHARACTER IN THE GAME.  OR BETTER YET, EXPLAIN WHY THERE ARE NO OTHER MALE CHARACTERS, OTHER THAN YOU, ONCE IN A WHILE.Or, allow the protagonist be a girl for once in the EXACT same gameset as a game like this and have the targets being men just for the few people out there who date men instead of women for once.  I'm not gay, but there ARE GIRLS who play Visual Novels as well and what about for them, once in a while?Don't get me wrong, reading about sex is fun and I admit that I have, in the past, bought a game more for the ""IDEA"" of a sexual scene over an entirely different plot idea has been there....but can't we have at least a few games, once in a while, that isn't solely based for the typical male high school student that is both overly sexually repressed and suffers from having a 'lower intelligence' for once?  ...please, I am begging, just once to shut up the few out there like myself even would be fine.--------------------------UPDATE:The puzzle is fun though so I decided to keep the game and I will FAST FORWARD through the dialog, just to replay the puzzles though but why the game player can't just play a puzzle and ignore the 'set pace' of the game is beyond my though.I truly would like to take my review back and I have done just that in the past...but at this time, I am flat out putting my review in the negative collumn."
,Recommended,483960,24537079,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,GoodWitch,my review of the game is very goodits as good as huniepopand if you ike lewd stuff or hentai or .......it is the game for you and also it has a cool story for a puzzal game
76561198097395117,Not Recommended,483960,30040254,Posted: 19 February,all,lady_rikku,"Kind of a cute dating game, however it is not what I was expecting.  It's very simple and not as fun as others.  All you do is answer some questions and solve puzzles, thats it."
76561198187131886,Recommended,483960,23814606,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Crooked Hillary,"Just wish the girls looked older.  I get that Japanese girls look really young, but still.But lets get serious, while i love the art, this is a poor spin-off of Huniepop. The dialogue of the girls are mostly not suggestive at all.  In Huniepop there is a steady ramp up, whereas here it's like talking just as friends to a CG of third base.  It really doesn't make any sense.  The CGs get very repetetive (nurse or maid costume).  The only thing that is nice is that there are more CGs than Huniepop overall, but that's really it.  However, on the X patch, you still have to exit your game and go to the gallery to see the X rated material.  That makes no sense.Gameplay is just kinda so so.  There is really no depth to the puzzle matching, and there are no improvements other than personal ability.  Thumbs up, but just for the art."
,Not Recommended,483960,32376334,Posted: 12 June,all,twertlee,The game crashes really easy.
76561198025268746,Recommended,483960,23890923,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,9029,made me happy in many ways if u kno what i mean
,Recommended,483960,23734336,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,無乳,"This isn't really supposed to be played like HuniePop. It's not really the Bejeweled type of match 3 that people are assuming it is - I was browsing through reviews and I thought I should post this video I saw this person post elsewhere (since I'm more or less reposting this video when someone else showed it originally and that's how I found it, I'll provide a link to their profile to give them credit and all:http://steamcommunity.com/id/risona,)since it does a better job at illustrating the kind of puzzle game this is than I couldand how it's fundamentally different than HuniePop's gameplay. Skip to 4 minutes and 30 seconds in for the best example.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGhZoOdnn9M&feature=youtu.be&t=4m30sFelt somebody needed to say this, at least. This isn't just relying on the RNG to give you a good board like most of the reviews here are saying nor is it just luck based - you hold on to your piece for 10 seconds and you use it to move other pieces around the board to set it up in your favor like the person in this video just did.Say what you will about the music, the repetitive voice lines, and the recycled CGs, but the gameplay isn't broken or RNG-heavy. It's just that people see a puzzle-based dating sim with this style, assume it's trying to be HuniePop, and then get confused when it's not really like HuniePop. That's about it, really."
,Recommended,483960,31894419,Posted: 21 May,all,Miyako,really fun game.
,Recommended,483960,24289081,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Negan,I'm usually a party pooper but these Purino chicks changed my mind.
,Recommended,483960,25428407,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,xXCheeFaiXx,CUTE!!!
,Recommended,483960,30603896,Posted: 18 March,all,rustykill63,♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,483960,23819012,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rikopin,this game is lit. one handed.
,Recommended,483960,23721942,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,CycloneInAmes,What the hell is wrong with the difficulty of this game?! I'm at least decent at HuniePop and for the first stage of this game I have failed 8 times!10/10 Would smash my head on a wall again.
,Not Recommended,483960,25127769,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,shunter,"Unfortunately, I can't recommend this game. It has nice artwork, voice acting and an interesting take on the match-three genre, but that is about it. The plot is shallow and cliched, music limited, And the gameplay is just bad. There is no kind of progression or depth as the game goes on. There is nothing remotely strategic or interesting which you might reasonably expect: items, powerups, special abilities, unlockables etc. Yet despite this absence, the difficulty scales up (exponentially), and can only be reduced (linearly) by losing. Sorry :/"
,Recommended,483960,27995510,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,NerdyJesus,It is fun....
,Recommended,483960,23728316,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Katrag,So everyone in the review section who votes the game down is literally a♥♥♥♥♥... sad but trueComplaining about gameplay in a game like this xD woow just buy it when you want a game with waifu material.And yes English is not my native language.
,Recommended,483960,23721581,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,FreeZone,My Mom will be Dissapointed.Again.
76561198049833478,Not Recommended,483960,23863960,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,MorganPirate,awful and good for nothing
,Not Recommended,483960,23816446,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,XSA!,no r-18 h-scenes refunded
76561198073347080,Not Recommended,483960,28055804,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Noob like boobs,Fap Fap Fap XDbut only have a FAPPING time6/10
,Recommended,483960,25571209,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,PunCake,"Game is good. Lots of fap material. But I only used 1 box of tissue on this game, what a shame.(I have no right to say that because I haven't finished this game.)I'll still give this game a perfect 5/7. ""I fapped, but I won't use this material again. Still good tho.""If you think this review is a little bit short for your liking, then please check out the detailed version below:IngredientsFor the Pancakes:2 cups all-purpose flour3 tablespoons granulated sugar1/2 teaspoon salt1 teaspoon baking powder2 cups well-shaken buttermilk2 large eggs4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted and cooled, plus more for greasing1 cup sliced strawberriesDirectionsWhisk the flour, granulated sugar, salt, baking powder and baking soda in a large bowl.Add the buttermilk, eggs and cooled melted butter to a second bowl and whisk to combine.Make a well in the center of the dry ingredients and add the wet mixture.Stir with a spatula until just combined.Do not overmix or you'll end up with tough and chewy pancakes!Heat a large electric griddle or nonstick frying pan over medium heat.Add a pat of butter.Ladle about 1/4 cup batter onto the griddle for each pancake.Place a small handful of sliced strawberries on top of the pancakes.Cook until the bubbles begin to burst on the surface, about 3 minutes, then flip and cook until the second side is a nice golden brown, about 2 more minutes.Best served with one of these:-Whipped cream-Cream cheese-Maple syrupEnjoy!"
,Recommended,483960,23721791,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,Fappable
,Recommended,483960,23791480,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Liri,"Weak similarity of HuniePop, but can kill small amount of time in expectation of HuniePop 2..."
,Recommended,483960,25952577,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,narr3Br0r,Very great
76561198147746863,Recommended,483960,24239652,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Kewkie,"So after seeing the reviews i was worried about just what i was getting myself into, yet still i took a risk and to be honest it paid off. This game is brilliant, cute and simply wonderful for men and women a like, yh it helps to be into women from the get go like myself, but still its a super fun and cheery game. I thought was cool, and even though it is like hunie pop (again another good and recommended game) its got its own jazz. I enjoyed it and tbh i didnt find it as hard as everyone was saying. Its a brilliant game with cute girls and a sometimes cruel and wicked puzzle game. Go for it :D"
76561198030901392,Recommended,483960,24272177,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Ameraith,"This review is based on how much I have enjoyed this game.Setting (Hit them where it hurts first)The setting of the game horrible and makes little to no sense and the first four girls have absolutely ridiculous dialogue which can be super cringe but also can be amazingly hilarious. Personally I love it. I myself have played several visual novels and eroge and I have seen much more ridiculous stories and and settings. I have also played more serious stories as well. This game pokes fun you from the start and blatant in saying we're not here to make you cry. Just sit back and enjoy the ride and to be honest playing a game like this you're mostly looking to have fun.My only problem is that the characters are not fleshed out entirely. Half the girls are just written off as being perverts and the last half just left me feeling like the story was cut short. I did like all the quirkiness of the game but I would have like another hour or at least 30 minutes of character development and story.(spoiler girls have almost no change and your real impact on their development is almost nothing the only real thing that changes about them is that the like you now.)Game play (long explanation of how the game works)This game features a game play style similar to that of puzzles and dragons. You do not need to match 3 for your turn to end and it also means you have free movement over your orb until the time limit is over.This means you have can make bigger combos in the game as long as you move quickly. This test your speed, control of the board, movement effectiveness and your overall understanding of the game mechanics themselves. By having a bigger board clear you introduce more active game play. The game also enforces its point of active game play by adding a time limit along side of your time limit during the later difficulties for each girl. This time limit is burned over the entirety of the puzzle and pauses when you start moving an orb and will resume once the combo generated ends. This means if you are playing a game with 15 turns and 30 sec on the clock you will have a total possible time of 30+15x10= 180  seconds. There are also clock tokens that can be match to still gain points and increase your time time limit.The game also introduces two more unique tokens skulls and hearts. Skulls reduce turns you get every time you match, and hearts introduced fever mode which gives 2x points on the turn after if matched. While the skills are considered a negative both the hearts and skulls will give points if match. Meaning you don't want to match them but if you do match them it's not entirely bad. The can be match constantly to extend the duration of your fever. (pro tip:if you do match skulls match as many as possible in a single glob and try to match only one group of 3 hearts)While clearing more tokens generate more rng making luck play a bigger role in the game. This doesn't negate the skill aspect behind the game. Doing a full play through I’ve only failed about about 5 times 1 early on and 4 more during the last 2nd to last girl.OverallI like the game and didn't regret buying it. I would have liked to save more money would have been more than willing to buy if it was on sale. I had a lot of fun reading the dialogue and playing the puzzles. The only real downfall like I said is the duration of the game as it is completed in about 2-5 hours or so dependent on skill and such. More development of the girls would have at least been nice to have. Game is fappable still"
76561198285689659,Recommended,483960,24264031,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Oni Chichi is the best hentai,Good
,Recommended,483960,24214506,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Mr. Philip,Easy game if you are good at playing Puzzle and Dragon.
76561198030796630,Recommended,483960,24814770,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,vambees,Porn for puzzles. Fair trade.
,Recommended,483960,32902229,Posted: 27 June,all,TonightEmpireHero,This game has its very awkard and cringy dialouge and characters like huniepop but at the same time I like how it doesn't really take itself seriously and takes advantage of the whole puzzle game dating sim ideaI consider this game to me a guitlty pleasure to be honest and I don't take it serioiuslyIdk if I recommend this game or not unless your the type thats into that stuff I guessAlthough gameplay wise I do like it gives you an option to higher or lower your diffculty which is good for both people are good at puzzle games or like myself bad at them loland you do get rewarded what you need either way even if you make a mistake which is both a good and bad thing in my opinon especially with what you say to the girls where even if you picked a bad option or wording they still go to the one you prefer which I guess helps for next time you go on the route I guessSo yeah thats Purino Party so far for meits cringy and awkard as ♥♥♥♥ but its a guitlty pleasurebut at least its not as cringe to me as huniepop which I choose not to play anymore for personal reasons
,Recommended,483960,32956431,Posted: 28 June,all,MDashK,"Great puzzle game. What can I say more? If you like anime and ecchi, this one's for you."
,Recommended,483960,33487857,Posted: 12 July,all,you farm i farm okay,Another casual game with cute character + voices.
,Recommended,483960,26018792,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,入巣蒔菜,"Plays similar to HuniePop but with the Puzzle and Dragons puzzle controls and there is a time limit to when you need to complete it. Pretty fun to play. For what its worth, I'd say buy it when its like 50%-75% off. Its quite a short repettitive gameplay."
,Not Recommended,483960,35197609,Posted: 24 September,all,Torumekian,"Good art (and I mean this legitamatly)Funny (poorly written) dialogue18+ patchAnd that's all this game has going for itThings to say against it are just as few, but they stick out like a sore thumb.The story is nothing, who cares.The gameplay is REALLY bad, which is pretty hard considering its just match 4. On top of that its a big old rip of HuniePop, which is a good game, and this does a poor job taking and implementing things from it.The price is dumb founding. If this garbage was between 0.99 - 1.99, I would over look it, but its not.Don't bother. Buy HuniePop (which, amazingly, costs less than this trash fire), and play through it like 50 times. Its worth it. This isn't."
