user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,483950,25415231,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,DrassRay - Jacob Mann,"I'm only recommending this engine because it is a great start and the developers ARE listening to our feedback!They have already began addressing some of the issues I noted previously: 3D Battle System, Advanced Variables, Parallel Processing, and Camera Controls, and Customizeable 2D Sprite Animations are now part of the engine! You can now purchase an amazingly featured character creator for $10! They are adding new features pretty much monthly at this rate!Here are a list of things I would like to see added!1) They need a more robust eventing system similar to RPG Maker; I'll edit this section from time to time.Must haves IMO:a) Common Eventsb) Custom movement for events. (right now you're stuck putting movement changes in the actual event section instead of it being a seperate option like in RPG Maker)c) Character Speed controld) Mid Battle Events2) Diagonal movement and pixel movement options. Being a 3D engine, I would hope this is possible.3)Not a must have if they add scripting, but, An Action Battle System on maps would be a nice addition as well as built in option. This would NEED the above mentioned ""pixel movement"".4) I had additional graphics options listed here, but upon thinking about it, with minimal 3D editing skills you can add your own. This does require the user to learn these things, but if you're using a 3D engine, It's a good idea to learn a 3D creation software. Blender is free, learn to you use it, and you'll thank yourself in the future! There's also a community growing around making assets for the engine, this will give you more options as well!5) Scripting. For the love of God and all that is holy, open this baby up.6) More game export options, literally any and all mobile formats!7) Adding this, as of 2/21/17, becuase I feel these are VERY important: Customizable Battle Formulas, States, Damage Control, AOE Target Areas, and customizable EXP Curves. I want to be able to make interesting battles!There are more things, I'm sure, but these are the more important things I could think of on the spot.Once these things are implemented, I feel this would be the PERFECT alternative to RPG Maker. It's a long road I'm sure, but so far so good. It's nice to know that the developers are listening!"
76561197970257583,Not Recommended,483950,30007407,Posted: 18 February,all,Neptune  Zero,"While I find this software very easy to use, and it does have potential, right now it is too limited to suggest at this price. It has decent documentation, though the English is poor and may take a little bit of liberal interpretation ^_^Its very much a super limited version of RPGMaker, with 3D capabilities.You can't change the presentation, so everyones UI is going to be the same.It uses an arbitrary 960x540 resolution that you can't change.No scripting support.Feels more like a mod toolkit for a retail game. You'll be able to make your own adventures, but what you can do is limited to what the developers implemented.You can get a simple quest and map going in a few minutes. But you quickly run into the wall where you want to be able to change more and make it more unique. Battle system, hud, resolutions, etc etc, are all predetermined.You can import FBX files for custom 3D assets and animations, but the limits are not well documented. My guess is more than a couple hundred Tris will break the engine. Anytime I loaded 1k or so polys it crashed the system. Retexturing existing assets worked perfectly fine however.If you just want something to toy with and aren't going to be picky about things, this a decent software and the developers seem active. There was just an update a few days ago. It now supports 3D battle systems and more 2D animations. It tentatively even has VR support, and it almost works actually (if you stick to 3D battle system and not first person battle system).I plan to check this software out again in the future, and may pick it up at a largely reduced price or if they add a lot of new features. I wish them the best!"
,Recommended,483950,32288833,Posted: 9 June,all,mrkarate1983,"I have been using this program since December 2016. As a user with a reasonable amount of hours on my back (+270 hours) I think it really is a program that allows in a fascinating way to introduce to the development of games in a friendly and enjoyable way.In order to understand the context under which we can create our games, we must first understand that although it is in fact a friendly program, it requires notions of programming logic (albeit at a low level) to use the advanced event editor and create Our own events. If you do not have that kind of knowledge or skill, then you can turn to the preloaded basic events.Another important point is that the program contains a large library of objects for use in our first generic projects. And as in the case discussed above, for advanced users there is the possibility of creating your own objects and import them into the game engine in order to give a unique and special touch to our projects.The simplicity of the map editor allows even an 8 year old to create his own scenarios and adventures in less than 30 minutes. How do I know that? Well, I have checked the above since I am a school teacher and I have used the program with my own students, from 8 year olds to 18 year olds. All of them have had a good experience and have had enough fun, letting their imagination flow and seeing immediate results thanks to the flexibility of the program to offer both novice users and those experienced users the tools necessary to create their stories.In my experience as a teacher and as a 2d and 3d video game development instructor, of all the programs we have used (OGRE, UNITY, COCOS, PHAZER, STENCYL, RPG MAKER SERIES, CONSTRUCT 2 & 3, GMS 1.4 & 2 etc .), this is without a doubt, the simplest, didactic, practical and friendly to introduce someone who does not have any knowledge of computer science or programming languages.However, like all good things in life, this program is still in its youth stage and little by little it is improving and polishing its mechanics and characteristics. I fully trust that with the passage of time, the support of the community and the effort and dedication of its talented team of developers, we will be able in the future to have a real masterpiece that rivals without any problems with other programs with more antiquity in this area .At the moment, I am very happy with what I have seen so far and I have been part of the user community that has supported and helped the developers to continuously improve each of the engine updates.Do I recommend it? Absolutely! SMILE GAME BUILDER is truly amazing and a total must-have in your library If you are an enthusiast with passion for game making and a strong dessire to create your own games with no-coding. And If you are an advanced user coming from more complex engines, take a seat and enjoy the simplicity of SGB, but don't be wrong, for a creative mind there are a lot of possibilities of things to do using the advance events editor."
,Recommended,483950,25410335,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,MarcusC,Not yet as good as RPG Maker(any) yet. But I love this so far. What it needs most is scripting.
,Recommended,483950,25516896,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Holden_Mcgroin,"Very promising, extremely simple and intuitive to use. Drag and Drop. Off to a great start.  Since I wrote this revciew they have a 3D battle system and VR. A very slick product.Hard not to compare with RPG Maker series, it weighs in at the same full price as RPG Maker MV but lacks scripting. Virtually everything in the editor is no more than a mouse click or two away, and finished games have keyboard and controller support.You can export standalone games, compiled from one button click in the editor, there are no restrictions or royalties, whatever you make is yours to give, share or sell.What it lacks in scripting it makes up for in its style, camera views and the fresh feel of 3d assets in an RPG. Rather than write scripts from scratch, the user can choose events and functions and stitch them together visually in the editor.Enough events are provided to make a traditional RPG - for example walking and stationary animated characters which you can set to talk with, give or receive items, add to party, etc. Events are provided for shops, inns etc, where you can buy/sell inventory items. ""lootable"" items like animated chests/dressers, and these events can be combined in a click-together visual system and become ""advanced events"" with which you can do a lot more than a casual glance suggests.The battle system was virtually the same as the 2D RPG Maker, but now includes a 3D battle system.SGB helps you make JRPG games with a 3D view, top down or first person, all switchable in game by the player, or you can lock each map view. Panning around in third person 3D gives you an RPG-Maker style ""Mode7-ish"" style which really works well and looks good.The smoke, fog, weather and lighting effects, day and night, and 3D assets combine to give it a great visual style.  Adding your own assets seems fairly straightforward and it is simplicity itself to build respectable 3D maps in the editor.The developers are active and have been patching and improving SGB since its Steam release.There is a 30 Day Trial version with slightly limited assets, which I spent a few hours using before buying the full version, there are enough features in the trial (and a demo game) to give you a good idea if it is right for you.I can't help feeling that the price should have been pitched at around £20, plus DLCs,  I really don't think it will attract many new users from the RPG Maker community without scripting.  An alternative to RPG Maker MV it isn't, but for those of us who can't/won't learn a new script, or who struggle with scripts in the first place, that wont't matter. And the included events are useful enough to make a serviceable RPG.What sets it apart from the RPG maker series is the 3D and utter simplicity of use.  It has a robust little 3D engine that works well, very logical and intuitive editor controls. It's clearly not competing with RPG Maker, but it is offering something different.Now that I have bought it for full price, you can look forward to it being in an 80% sale or a cheap bundle any time soon, at which time you should snap it up."
,Not Recommended,483950,26412873,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Nico,"A decent game making engine with very few resources, and not enough customizeable options as RPG Maker. Definitely not worth $80. Wait for a sale. $60 is a much better price point."
,Recommended,483950,25471078,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Auli,"+ Easy to use+ User friendly interface+ Quick map creation. Drag and drop, camera rotating feature etc+ Simple event makings based from template to advance, even with advance, the flow diagram really helping.+ Customized graphics supports, 3D and 2D+ Friendly developer, I've been asking and chatting a couple of things with someone named Sana. So nice and able to help me found my mistake, even cheering me to create a great game.- Needs script editor so we can have a customized battle flows.= = =Will be a new trend and alternative for game making efforts, good way to start and make you intrigued to learn Autodesk Maya. lol= = =Buy This, it's worthI have 3 game making software license in another accounts (you can search 'schleez'), and I'M NOT REGRETTED THAT I BOUGHT THIS SOFTWARE."
76561198169344110,Recommended,483950,28804322,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Rhyan Jenkins,"I've been an avid user of the RPG Maker series, and recently brought RPG Maker MV - after several months of useand massive technical hitches with Windows 10 and not to mention the massive memory leak, I decided to look foran alternative.Smile Game Builder, at first impression lacks the polished finish that other RPG Engine products have. However given time, this will surpass the RPG Maker series, both in functionality and appearance. I have now begun transferring my game from RPG Maker MV to Smile Game Builder.I brought this during the recent Steam Sale for around £45, which I feel was a reasonable price for the product, £60 (which was its original price) is too steep for what the program offers at the moment. Like RPG Maker, Smile Game Builder offers a RTP-esque tileset, albeit in 3D - with pretty much all the materials to create a basic and fully playable game.Unlike RPG Maker, you have the ability to use both 2D Sprites and 3D Models on a 3D environment which opens up many different aspects to game design. Mapping is incredibly intuitive, and is a select and click placement system; elevation change is a bit clunky but nothing major. You also have the ability to view the map in any perspective (apart from underneath) and can set the perspective to lock within gameplay.Scripting and eventing, has yet to be developed as much as the mapping engine - however if worked to the same degree it will be incredibly easy to use - the Smile Game Builder offers presets for different recurring events (Inns, stairs etc).Materials provided as stated before will suffice for first-time developers, however more variations need to be developed in order to create a more 'diverse' world - perhaps access to template files?The Battle System does look impressive, and is much better then RPG Maker, even with modifications to plugins.The development team seem very committed to making an engine with features that developers want, and take all feedback on board.==============================================Overall, I would definitely buy this product.=============================================="
,Not Recommended,483950,34239911,Posted: 14 August,all,Vendon,"Smile Game Builder is a really nice Idea but for this price with all that huge lack of features it has right now, its very much a super limited program.  It uses an 960x540 resolution that you can't change. It has also no scripting support. Means you end up with problems like changing UI, Hud, Battle System, Skill Animation, Graphics, features like jumping, craftings, party size, and much more. The sad thing is that it doesn't even had a character generator so you where extremely limited with your playable charakters and yeah, it has a generator now but I have to pay for it? Rlly? A feature which has to be in this program from the beginning? Why do I have to pay for each feature it must have had from the beginning? It's  already 73.99 € and I still have to pay more for a missing feature? Well as for now I can not support this. It looks really good but if I do have to pay everytime a new feature appears then it's just a rip off. All other RPG Makers are getting these features for free just to make it possible to the costumers to make better games.All NOT summer purchased people will get this generator for free and all other people well what should I say about that. I don't mind to pay something for more textures but I also will not do this again with Smile Game Builder because I did that and there was also a lack of Face sets so I ended up with useless purchased DLC because there where no faces I could use to make some new playable characters. Hope it will be better one day but for now I can not give here a thumbs up."
,Recommended,483950,28803560,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Wizard Indie Games,"According to Steam, I have used this software for over 74 hours in total but it seems less because it is a joy to use!I have searched Steam extensively for game-making software that is both easy and powerful.  I have yet to find one that delivers on that promise - except Smile Game Builder!One of the first things I tried was building terrain.  This is very easy: simply choose the type of terrain you want (choose from various natural or man-made varieties) and paint it where you want.  You can use various select options to select parts of the terrain in your map for modifying.  The terrain can easily be lowered and raised.  The use of the term 'terrain' is perhaps a little misleading here because you can also use this to create interiors by raising the 'terrain' to build walls.  You can then furnish your rooms with objects simply by dragging and dropping. All terrain is made up of blocks so don't expect realistic rolling hills - I believe this is in keeping with the RPG genre anyway.For the exterior world, you will find many buildings and objects to simply drag and drop into your maps. You can then attach doors that lead the player into the interiors you have created using the terrain tools.You can set the size of each map as well as the lighting and any special effects (snow, rain, fog, falling leaves, etc.). You can also choose atmospheric sounds and music for each map.  A recent addition is the ability to have the map play in first-person mode.  This is an awesome new feature which can totally change the game experience!You can populate your maps with several different characters.  They are cartoony but some are more blocky than others (you kind of get a mix of Legoesuqe and action figure types).  Changing the look of any character is very easy. You can also choose which animation they use.  It is a shame there are not more characters but you can easily change the behaviour of each one by modifying its event sheets.The characters are essentially 'events'.  There are many different pre-made events to get you started (for example, stationery characters, walking characters, speaking characters, item-giving characters and so on) plus lots of pre-made non-character events.All the events can be modified using a powerful yet easy event editing function. Basically, the events are made up of a number of 'event sheets' each of which is formed by a number of 'panels'.  The event sheets kind of resemble a flowchart. I cannot overstate how briliant this event editing system is. It is the closest you will get to coding without actually learning to code.  At first, I was able to produce very basic events but I quickly became proficient enough to do some quite sophisticated stuff.  You'll soon learn that this, along with the Variables functions, has the power to let you do almost anything.The assets library isn't huge but you can import your own.  The Add Assets function isn't the easiest though.   It would be nice if you could also create unique stuff within SGB itself by using a character creator, terrain texture editor, etc.There is a powerful battles system which can be easily customised by changing all the monsters' attributes, strengths, etc. Of course, you can add new monsters.  There is an inventory system too and you can customise that too, changing existing items and adding your own.  There is little in the whole game you cannot customise.Customer support is good and software updates are quite frequent.Overall, this is a real gem!  All it lacks is the abillity to create unique content within the software itself. 9/10."
,Recommended,483950,28548729,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,HopelessDecoy,"Pros:3D maps, Battles!!!! and importable FBX assets.Has some great customization, needs more but for now this is pretty great!Similar to the RPG maker series but on its way to being 100x better, almost better right now... almost.Easy to use for the most part.Great devs who listen and make updates frequently!Oozes potential in every way!Cons:Needs optimization for larger maps and for general gameplay.Has a decent eventing system but no scripting/Plugin system.UI for the editor is very ugly and needs organized heavily in my opinion but it is totally functional.Needs some basic 3D support such as shader options, normal/bump/specular maps, higher res textures.Map sizes are good but you can't make a HUGE open world without load screens, I love open worlds.Summary:Originally I would of said stay away and this should be in early access but since the edition of a 3D battle system (and many other features) I have to say I recommend this! It is on it's way to beating the rpg maker series for game engine greatness and its very fun and rewarding to use. The negatives I have no doubt will be worked on in time and the devs seem to be great people, I'm very happy with my purchase. Get it on sale too even though I think its living up to its full price, buying it on sale further funds development and makes the purchase even more worth while feeling!EDIT: This program does need serious optimization... the more I've used it adding models and events the more it slows and becomes Lag central slowing down my PC even Youtube on my other monitor cut frames. I'm Running a FX8320 CPU, 16gb of RAM and a GTX 970 4gb by the way so it should not be doing this. Still recomending but buyer be aware!"
,Recommended,483950,30291632,Posted: 3 March,all,Tassilo,"Smile Game Builder is a great jRPG construction kit with excellent editing functions. Both the map and the script-editor are easy to use and allow a wide range of behaviours. You can set booleans, use integers and script about everything you'd like to. Dialogues could use some polishing though - I didn't find a way to stay in loops within dialogues, they end and have to be reinitiated.The graphics coming along are neat and can easily be used as a base for your own custom work. Adding new artwork is quite easily done. The graphical performance is sub-par, though. Given the resolution of the textures and polygons of the models, it should perform faster. Artwork resolution is limited to 960x544, I would love to see HD resolutions available.The engine comes with a localization tool that definitely needs some work, cannot recommend it for multi-language games at the time of writing this.Nonetheless, the developers are actively updating the engine and I already had several requests resolved in no time. Support is great, fast and friendly.Biggest drawback in my opinion is the lack of influence I have in designing the game's actual rules: Character stats cannot be really modified or extended, you are limited to what it delivers out of the box.Given that this engine is yet very young, I have to say I am impressed by its state and look forward to future updates.It does have some weaknesses yet, but I am pretty sure it will improve soon and it can already be used for the production of professional games.If you are looking for an engine to develop good looking 3D jRPG games easily and quickly and can live with its limitations, this is probably the best software on the market and well worth its price. If they keep working on it as they do right now, this may become one truly impressive piece of development software.I will keep this review updated as the engine progresses in development."
76561198133152293,Recommended,483950,32924518,Posted: 28 June,all,RPG Addict,"I only recently got into this one, for a change from RPG Maker, and yet, I am pleased with my purchase.It's like, as many reviewers already mentioned, an engine which might remind some of the classic RPGM, with the boon of 3D environment.So, if you are at least adept at modelling, you can pretty much toss all your masterpieces in here (most 3D stuff is in "".fbx"" type from what I see) and see how it comes to life.Also most classic events are ready-set-go, you just decide the location and the texting, so that's another good thing to start out with.It also comes with dual-sided effects you can put on each skill by default (means you can execute skills that i.e. damage enemies and buff the user/party simultaneously), which not many engines I know start with (not without scripting).The only thing missing that'd make me give it a 10/10, are options for formulas (which we'd primary need for skills & battles), maybe as slight extension to attributes/stats for some game data elements (characters/equipment/enemies).Just a pinch to bring a little more depth to this category.That'd be enough (i hope that's not too much asked for)IF that makes its way in SGB, it's a very solid engine to work with (even for a bloody beginner at game scripting/development such as myself)(also it's still on sale this week, so put your indecision about pricings aside - now.)"
,Recommended,483950,29662618,Posted: 2 February,all,NinJaRed,"Watch your back RPGMaker...There's a new kid in town!(Just joking, I'll always love you RPGMaker)"
76561197983625698,Recommended,483950,25426687,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,I just like how coke smells,"I'm almost 30.  Always enjoyed making games.  RPG Maker all I've known until now.  RPG Maker is a great at making games, but requires you to do so much extra stuff outside of the acutal game to make it great.I learned to use gimp, and and a whole lot of extra techniques by watching youtube videos over and over again.THEN I FOUND THIS GAME!  This game maker is so easy to pick up I havn't once gone on youtube or used any outside sources to learn how to use this system.  It is so easy, and everything looks so beautiful.  If you make a game using this game you will never lose interest.  It wont become a burden, because the whole time your building your triggers nothing needs to be coded.  You just select whats suppose to happen and the game codes itself that way.I recommend this game first and foremost to anyone creating an RPG for the first time!  I also recommend this to anyone who had the same troubles I did in other RGM Maker games.  Where you spend 30 minutes in the game, then 30 minutes on youtube, then 30 min in the game, then 30 min on youtube."
76561198172180243,Recommended,483950,28789793,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,shiroe kazuto,The software is amazing im sure that in a 1 years times everybody will forget about the rpg maker series the only think that i think this software does not have nd that the rpg maker series does is the character generator i think the developers should really think about inputing a character generator which should allow us to make our coustom avatars and monsters if that existed than the game would gain much more diversity and allow people who are bad at drawing and people who cant use modeling software like maya or blender to make there own creations /original characters  other than that this is an amazing game builder for people who are looking to make there first game
,Recommended,483950,30420836,Posted: 9 March,all,master2015hp,"This is a brilliant software, it's not easy to implement both 3D & 2D together at a same timeIt's not the No.1 only because it's a new comer, from my experience i think the way they sortthings is really logical and comfortable for work's flow.It's not so limited as some people say, you can custom your 3D enemies with unique action for each of its skill. You can import new Objects to make game's visual varies.It's very easy to make your own terrains since the engine built in an easy system for you to do that.The price is not expensive but even a bit lower than what it's deserved in my oppinion.I think you guys should recommend this software to your friends and support the developers insteadof telling that it's limited this and that ... , so it can be improved faster"
,Recommended,483950,33051790,Posted: 30 June,all,evildeadfan102,This software is very awesome :)I am creating my own game with this software called Ryan's Adventure. I have always wanted to create my own game and with this i can :)My game is using the stuff in the base game but i am making it my own style :)if you cant do programming this is the best gaming software to use.10/10 for awesomeness :)
,Recommended,483950,25843779,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,LillaAnna,"I really like this program. It's simple and fun to use. I just hope for more dlc in the future, since there isn't enough assets for me in the program yet. But i really like it and have had a lot of fun with it :)"
,Recommended,483950,25541708,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,"I'm Nuclear, I'm Wild","Better than RPG Maker in many regards (and I own both this and RPG Maker MV), but it desperately needs scripting capability if it wants to be taken seriously. Considering that the company also sell HTML5 game maker in Japan, I expect scripting to happen eventually.For now though, it's a pretty good software. Your RPGs will look as good as those found in Wii or NDS."
,Recommended,483950,33613241,Posted: 17 July,all,Drekko,I was waiting for a long time a program like this where I can create Art in it and make it alive. It have a 1st person view wich is great! Lot of flexibility. You can even add 2D art in it :DAnd they update frequently!
76561198140675311,Recommended,483950,34610497,Posted: 30 August,all,ghostknight4,"This is a breath of fresh air after using RPG MAKER for over a decade now.I'm not bashing any of the excellent software that ENTERBRAIN has putout over the years because i own and still enjoy them all, but i've oftenwondered with thier technical skills why they've never come out withsomething like this one years ago.Well here is a program/game that fits the bill...well sort of.Smile Game Builder has some excellent features for any budding gamedesigner of any age to get thier feet wet with, but what it currently lacksis of course - a wy to create you own scripts to alter various aspects thatwould make your game stand out and that is what the RPG MAKER SERIEShas always provided.Besides that, i really can't think of anything else to find fault with this software.Frequent updates(considering the Dev's have a small team), New DLC'S in a timely manner -3D & 2D design capabilities and a nice library of default assests make this one a winnerand in time a very formitable contender to Enterbrain's Rpg Maker Series."
,Recommended,483950,34277459,Posted: 16 August,all,Seppuku,"The price tag can look a wee bit hefty, but I was a cheapskate and picked it up in a Steam sale, because the price tag was too much for me to take a punt at, even after playing with the trial version.If you're familiar with RPG Maker, the first thing to think of is, ""it's like that, but 3D and lacking some of the RPG Maker features"". RPG Maker has the advantage in that it has more years under its belt and looking at it, this developer appears to have a positive attitude to what it patches and updates with.With the FBX support, it does mean people with 3D knowledge can import their own media.They also provide a generic ""box man"" 3D model for those less skilled in 3D to modify that. This is useful in that I have managed to attach my own models to limbs in Blender and export to Smile without needing to tough any animation.And for a mere £6, you can get their character editor, which is going to be extremely useful for the portion of users who can't 3D model/animate. It allows you to mix and match parts of character models and paint your own textures. It's basic, but powerful enough to give decent enough results for that personal touch.I would like more customisation options, but they are gradually adding more in that respect. When I was originally looking into this product, I was a bit miffed they did not have a 3D battle system, then when returning found they introduced one, which made me happy.From a developer perspective? It's obviously not aimed to any kind of high end development, but more the bedroom coders, like myself. Having a full time job and other commitments, although I spent my teenage and early adulthood teaching myself 3D modelling, animation and coding to exact my own project ideas, only to come out with a demo, it is appealing. If I didn't have time constraints, I'd likely pursue my project ideas through Unity3D, but as they're turnbased RPG's, I ended up putting it as a toss-up between RPG Maker MV and this. RPG Maker MV being JavaScript and therefore I'd be able to make my own customisations in code if need be, especially as I have decent JavaScript knowledge. But I'd be sacrificing the 3D perspective I wanted for 2D. So this tool actually suffices enough to do what I need it to do.And I have high hopes for what the developer brings in future updates."
76561197998966343,Recommended,483950,26028891,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Saviliana,"Easy to use, not expansive to get and a FPS camera mode built-in!You can think its is a RPG Maker on 3D steroid,and the devs are like lighting fast to reply to your questions,and constantly upgrade the code and get new functions for FREE! (And workshop in the future! YAY!)Tough there are yet some vital event or condition functions missing currently (but the devs are already promised to plan to add them later), comparing to its 2D rival (I am looking at you RMMV you piece of unreliable sh!t), but SGB is more like a early prototype of the next gen thing.Try the demo, I promise you would like it in no time!"
76561198417289593,Recommended,483950,34804719,Posted: 7 September,all,benimoonime,I've tried the demo version and it was great now I'm using the full version and it has more capabilities. I really recommend this.
,Recommended,483950,33948817,Posted: 1 August,all,djmuffinfist,"Quick review: This is an amazing easy to get into software that helps you make as long of an rpg game as you desire. It's basic, but in depth at the same time. It gives you a set of tools to work with, and it's up to you to decide on how to use them. This is a high reccomendation to anyone who wants to make a rpg with a easy to use system.In depth review: When I first booted up the software I tried to get a feel of the software as much as possible. I played the demo a bit that they had, and then quickly made a short trial game with all the tools they had. And it amazed me how simple it was to use. From making the camera pan, to easy to use assessts to make characters warp in and out. To overlay displays of images over custscenes. At first glace it seems very basic. But the more you tinker with it and work around with it. You can really do a lot and make a in depth game.My only complaint as others have said, is the inability to add your own strings of code to the software to make the game fully customizable. But despite that, this software offers enough to make whatever you want.I'm even working on a full fledged rpg game with this software as I'm writing this review. I'm more than just pleased to use this engine. Defiantly recommend to anyone who wants to try a easy to use rpg software."
76561198127843383,Recommended,483950,32967161,Posted: 28 June,all,SniineeGamer,Its still need a lot of improvement but playable with its available assets though limited to it if you didint have any background in 3d or 2d softwares. just wait for the dev updates.
76561198118523074,Not Recommended,483950,28891056,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,soo-ji,왜 ogg사운드파일이 add하면 멈춘다. 컴퓨터 2개 로 실험해봤는데 컴터 문제가 아니고 프로그램문제인듯 프로그램이 멈춤
76561198010241250,Recommended,483950,32766511,Posted: 25 June,all,Duke Dudeston,"I havent used this for long but already i like it.You are not going to make an epic long detailed RPG the way you want it, you wont be able to have that fancy menu system and the like vut you will be able to get a simple game running within a couple of hours.It is easy to use, and looks pretty and all assets included are well drawn and well animated.It needs some tweaks here and there, maybe a ""shape"" tool so you can draw shapes. Or maybe I am missing a trick?Again you're not going to make a blockbuster but it is a great start into this sort of game development enviroment.I am lucky I got this during Steam Summer Sale less than £20 instead of £60, that was just too high for me.If you want a more serious RPG Maker then you might want to look elsewhere.. there is one on Steam of only I can remember the name of that RPG Maker."
