user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198334252379,Recommended,484900,33800504,Posted: 25 July,all,Silky Rough,"Silky: Keeps you busy.Rough: Keeps you busy.PrefaceI typically play a game for many hours before I review but I've read many of the negative reviews of this game and I'm finding it very hard to reconcile what they're saying with what I am seeing. If you look at the hours (or in some cases minutes) of these reviews ( typically just under the refund window), you've got to wonder just how hard they actually tried or indeed whether they even got past the unlocks that push the game along - as you'dexpectin this genre.So with that in mind, I thought a dynamic review based on actually playing might be worthwhile for those who need a bit more than ""I gotted board an refudned"" to make up their mind. I'll update this with my thoughts as I move more into the game.What I like about this.This is an easy game to pickup and play with a simple but easy to follow pseudo-playthrough to get you started.Like all games of this genre there is a fair amount of balancing that needs to be done to get your colony up and happy. You're essentially managing a colony on a planet with limited resources and in some cases limited space. You have some assistance and access to trade via the original colony ship and obviously the game is wrapped around building your colony to self-sustainable levels.You need to balance power needs, food quantities, quality and variety, water, air quality in addition to the more underpinning task of keeping people at high morale levels - so you can keep your job as the colony boss, an annual event to remind you you're never really the boss anyway.The water, air and food mechanics are simple enough with enough variety to turn (for example) wheat into flour and then into bread using things like farms and mills. To grow the wheat you need power, water and potentially potash (fertiliser), an area to build these structures (which by itself can be tricky) and of course the workers (your colonists) to operate the facilities. Where some of the balance comes in is the distance to work (they hate commuting), the quality and quantity of their air, food and water, their habitat, entertainment all the way down to medical facilities.The morale mechanics are simple enough too but you'll need time to understand what crop makes what ""enhancer"" (morale boosting drugs for want of a better phrase). You need to prevent crime, provide retail facilities and products and so on and so on.In addition to all this you need to keep your colony safe from ""lightning"", ""creep"", ""shards"" and ""plague"" using a combination of basic weaponary, drones (repair and others) plus some plain old medical assistance. At ""normal"" levels it's none too difficult IF, and I say IF, you're proactive instead of waiting for something to happen and then try to fix it. You can't play this kind of game, under perpetual crisis, at warp speed, simple as that.(You hear me Fraser? You lost your popularity from 90 to 30 because YOU messed up... among other things... Crisis is avoided by NOT letting it, not sitting there waiting for it. L2P before you review buddy. Hell man, there's even a wiki, so RTFM as well maybe. To wit: ""a break from repairs""... try guns, policies and drones there bud... ""bla bla power issues""  - zorium generators?)Listen, it's got to be said that this is a 4 person indie team, the game runs smooth and I've not been bumped out or hit on any bugs. Put simply, moaning about content less than 2 hours into the game is an OBVIOUS self-prophecy. Even if you stayed the course, this can't be measured against AAA with that size team or for that price anyway.Fact is, marketing was true, game does what it says it does and I for one credit the devs for a neat, intriguing enough game to while away quite a few hours of my time yet. It's an easy recommend BUT make sure you are the type that understands the requirements of patience and effort in this genre to succeed.8/10A little explanation is needed it seems:My comments regarding players leaving ""game is shallow"" reviews is merely pointing out that this might be particularly true with THIS game because much of the difficulty comes a long timeafterthat horrible Steam refund window. It is not a reflection on the reviewer, merely a point that must be considered when taking reviews - positive AND negative - into account.I don't take sides in the ""must be positive or negative"" fights and arguments some find essential to life, these are simply MY thoughts about the game... a game *I* happen to enjoy. I'm not under any compunction to defend my comments here and I won't be. Write your own review."
76561197971762412,Not Recommended,484900,33821552,Posted: 26 July,all,Ravenheartgold,"In the initial release verion of the game, I can not recommend this game to anyone wanting a serious, sandbox style sci-fi colony building game. This is going to be long, since I had such high hopes for this game.Short version:Pros: Nice ideasCons: Lag, crashes, horrible AI, lack of choices.Long version:I've tried to play the single player campaign, having played through the holo-missions with ease. But the first mission of a game after the tutorial shouldn't take hours to complete and be filled with even more handholding.  You get minor, condtional victories through the mission but the mission had me micromanaging a colony for over two hours until I gave up. I then tried the sandbox mode, which is less sandbox and more litterbox.  The maps available in sandbox mode are either the campaign maps (which range from too small to be useful to too limited in how you can do things) or are so limiting to playstyle that they may as well be scripted. You would think a society able to send people to another world would have the ability to blowup a rock that is blocking their way, but nope. Add in 'invisble' terrain features that block you from building in a tile without giving any visual reason for it and any sense of grand colony planning is impossible.Add in a resource system that may sound good on paper but in function falls flat. The power generation system requires you to be lucky enough to have geothermal vents nearby, find rare ore, or fill a substantial amount your colony with solar panels. Let me break down the power resources in this game. And before I break this down, be aware that the amount of power you produce can vary wildly with the same building. The number of people that decide to work in a given building means the amount of power is low initially but will go up with more colonists working there. You also have to keep track of the morale of the colonists' working in the building, since that goes down, so does the amount of power. Also, colonists can reassign to different jobs unless you lock people to a job, causing morale to go way down. This means that the power will drop if the colonists decide they want to do something else in the colony. Below is an example of how it works that I gave to a friend.Colonist 1: I don't like working here anymore, I'm going to go farm melons!Colonist 2: But if you leave, the farm/greenhouse won't have power.Colonist 1: I don't care, I will be unhappy over there since there isn't enough power to do my job.Wind Turbines: Early, cheap, can remove poison gas from random events (at the cost of the turbine using electricity instead of making it), and eventually useless. Thankfully they are unmanned and always produce the same, miniscule amount of power.Solar Cells: Not so cheap, you need twice as many as you think since during winter they are half as effective, cause minimal air pollution, and unmanned. Yes, solar power causes air pollution inside the colony in the game, which makes no sense. Thankfully they are unmanned, so you only have the weather/yearly cycle to worry about for power levels.Geothermal Vents: Moderate amount of power for their size but cause air polution inside sealed colony buildings. How is using steam to turn a turbine going to cause air pollution inside sealed colony buildings? I think logic and technology follow different rules in this game world with how power is generated.Zorium Reactors: A reactor powered by a rare ore which burns faster than gasoline and is found in very finite amounts on the map. Also, the reactor causes horrible air pollution inside the colony, which makes no sense. Add in variable power levels based on number of people and morale and a huge number of workers required to get full power out of the building means you either get lucky and horde the fuel for the very end of the game or the building will sit idle with grumpy colonists in it.Speaking of the weather/yearly cycle from the solar panels, this is another part of the game that make no sense. The planet has four seasons, so you would think winter would be one quarter of the year. Wrong! This isn't the case. I've seen winters that are a quarter, a third, or even half of the weather/yearly cycle. Not only do solar cells work half as well, unless you built greenhouses instead of farms, your food production goes to nothing during winter. Lets hope you have enough warehouses and produced enough food to fill those warehouses and that you don't lose power during the winter, since when warehouses lose power, the stored food rots (it seemed almost instantly while I was playing). Even with greenhouses, your food production drops by half, meaning you still need warehouses or over-producing food.The morale system for colonists in the game also leaves a lot to be desired. The AI for morale is buggy at best, downright psycho at worst. I had colonists rioting in the tunnels over crime levels, which were listed as 0% and the police overlay showed police drones everywhere. Oh the air quality dropped below 85%? Time to riot and not do their job in the air purification building. Oh, you only have 15 different types of food to eat out of 18 types, with a quality level of excellent? Time to riot since the Variety level is poor. But somehow earlier in the game having 5 types of food was excellent variety.User Interface: The UI for the game is great... until your colony starts to grow to over 500 colonists. At that point, turning on some of the overlays will cause the game to lag badly before crashing (repeatedly). I was able to get to over 1000 colonists only by spreading the colony out over most of the map and then had morale go down (and rioters) since the colony facilities were too far apart.Great idea for a game, moderate to poor execution on those ideas. Maybe after some updates the game will be fun, but right now the game has too many bugs (which annoys me as a software QA engineer) and weirdness to get a recommendation from me."
76561198030958834,Not Recommended,484900,33791781,Posted: 25 July,all,Piggy,"I have several hundred hours in games like planetbase,banished,LIF:FV,City skylines, etc,etc,etc in this genre.  After 1 hour of play I am highly dissapointed.    The game feels empty and dead.  Every map uses the same models just different colors.  There is almost no wildlife, in 4 maps I played only once did I see some birds that pan across the screen...they don't interact with the environment.  All the farms you build are empty with just a generic looking set of bushes, there are no people tending to plants.  The only resource gathering from the planet your on is mining but after you build your mine you do not see any colonists or doing anything in the mine.  Gathering water is as easy as putting down a water pump.  Food is the same.   Its so easy thats its hard to consider it resource gathering.  The only thing colonists do is randomly walk nowhere.     I found the game to be super easy, my first game I was able to raise a large colony without any kind of hassles.    Mostly lack of immersion is the problem this game has, its just not fun or challenging and if it is you don't really care because there is no connection to your planet or colony.  Sad because it looks really good on the steam page and its one of my favorite genres.Cons:Shallow/no depthNo immersionExpensiveI refunded my money.  I recomend planetbase, its cheaper and has more depth with steam workshop.  If this game was 10-15$ I would sit on it but I don't think this is EA so it may never get the content it needs to be comparable to other city builder/manager-like games."
76561198075263945,Recommended,484900,33806506,Posted: 26 July,all,Brechnor,"Please note, this review has been made after playing the first mission on the highest difficulty setting possible and the second mission on normal to see the difference in gameplay style and I have to say you can most certainly feel the difference.Aven colony, is what I would not describe as being necessarily a city builder, but a 'colony' builder, somewhat in the vein of planet base but with more features and things to do. It also has an inviting sandbox mode to play, or you can turn the end of each campaign into sandbox missions upon completion.DIFFICULTYOn the highest difficulty there are limited resources, it's a game of logical placement, on the normal difficulty you can rush the game in no time at all. I would definitely recommend jumping in at the hardest right away for an actual challenge from the very start, whether you are new to city builders or not. There was several hours difference between the two difficulties that I have played so far.GRAPHICSThere isn't too much to say on the graphics, you can see screenshots and artwork for yourself. I find that graphics and art style can be a very personal thing but for me I see no issues in this at all. The looks of the game certainly help to make you feel transported to another world.DEPTHThere are conflicting opinions about the depth of this game, but what I would say is this; to truly comment on its depth play it for a while. The game doesn't open up everything to you even on the first mission, unless you let time pass. It's reinforced by the fact stated above that you can turn campaign missions into sandbox missions.On that basis, I would say that this game has much more depth than it is currently being credited for as to experience everything properly you do need to have some time invested into it.""What happens when you run out of crucial mining resources in an ever expanding colony?"" Is one of the issues you will face, how much do you dedicate to colony survival and how much to expansion in the hardest difficulty?As I have played for a significant amount of time on the first map I can say that the depth does indeed increase steadily and it is disingenuous to not give it the true time to open up because that's when this game starts to shine.For that reason if some one tells you this game lacks depth, ask them how long they played for? It DOES make a difference!IMMERSIONEven if you do end up playing on the lower difficulties of normal or under because you aren't in the mood for a challenge, you will very quickly feel like you have been transported away from the real world. From birds in the sky on the green maps (yes, they do exist!) to snow storms in winter, to sand swept deserts there is plenty to experience... and this is just from 2 of the maps alone! Each area seems to have its own ecclect collection of local plant and animal wildlife that in my time played so far has not dissapointed,WORTH THE PRICE?At the end of the day I would say this is easily worth the asking price as the more you play, the more you see and the more you discover, which is how games should be. If everything was handed to you at the start it would get boring in short order but this games content reveal is a truly gradual progressional system, that will undoubtedly reward any one who is willing to put in more than a couple of hours play time on each map and plays on the highest difficulty possible.CLOSING NOTES:Consider the campaign a tutorial, when the missions turn into sandboxes, or when you start sandbox itself, after playing enough time to see what it has to offer you will be happy with this colony builder. I am personally glad that it doesn't give everything away within a couple of hours and takes time to truly explore. I know I stressed difficulty several times but I think this is where other reviewers are falling short in general, they aren't taking their time to see what the game has and are rushing through on the lower difficulties.If you did that on the first mission for example, or don't open it up to a sandbox after playing a quick game on normal, you likely won't even be around long enough to see the plague spores, or need to worry about your colonists happiness.It is a game that truly shines with your investment of time.Don't rush it and you will understand exactly what it has to offer."
,Not Recommended,484900,34271501,Posted: 16 August,all,ENAK,"This is one of those games that look excellent and nicely complex on your first go... but as hours pass, you realise, that there's something wrong here. And there's quite a lot of bad things all around. Going one by one using the internet's favorite medium - the list (in no particular order though):1) It's shallow - you look a the building tab, it's full of neat looking buildings... but then you look closer - oh my, ""mine level 1, 2, 3, other mine level 1, 2"". It's the same building, 5 times! Same goes for food production, energy generation and so on. If they limit everything to one building, without splitting them into levels, the build bar would just be filled with 10 icons or so. And the whole thing is essentially that - managing the needs of the colony, by maintaing positive balances of 5 things, using an ever-increasing number of 5 types of buildings. Air, water, energy, food, nanites. Yeah, there's some extra stuff like happiness buildings but...  it's a thing, that you plop on the map, there, done. Doesn't look amazing, does something, enjoy, citizens! You might have to trade some melons for robots in order to make it work though...2) It's not well thought out - there's a lot of concepts in the game that look interesting at first but turn out to be just afterthoughts. Alien artifacts, trading, expeditions, the entire campaign - they're all there, but as you keep plopping buildings, you start to ask yourself - what is the reason for these things to be in the game?!? There are threats in the game, but as long as you plop some special buildings, which are dirt cheap, they are completely meaningless. There's a hundred different forms of food in the game, but as long as you make 5 different ones, the colonists are happy and it makes no sense to do anything else about food.3) The colony looks dead - i.e. the visuals are just unappealing. Take a look at the latest Anno game. How the cities there move, with flying cars zipping along roads and building animating contantly. Enjoy the excellent look of the cities at night. Now have a look at Aven... Most of the buildings have zero animated components (or just a blinking light or something like that). There are really tiny people walking along the corridors that are seriously hard to spot. There's no night cycle, just a boring looking winter season. The farms plop their fields in ""best spots"" creating an ever-more messy patchwork of farmland. Oh, and let's not forget that lovely blur effect they added that will make your eyes tired after 10 minutes of playing the game.4) The campaign - or how your get to make a big colony and then instantly are asked to forget about it. Again, going back to Anno - the campaign there is about making your company great. You settle areas and are asked to perform certain milestones. But then you reach the final one, your company is great and powerful and you can finally continue on your own towards the ultimate goal of world domination. Here, the campaing asks you to spend hours building a colony, and then says - ""great, thanks, now we're gonna delete what you built and ask you to build it again, but this time on a brown map, instead of a green one"". And that's repeated 8 times or so... with different collored maps... Why not make it coherent? Have a global map, connect the colonies with some trading routes? I don't know - have a colony that makes lots of nanites, transfer them to another one... I guess it would make the game very easy later on but... have anything but what's there now!I could go on but this is way too long already so... They promise some sort of a content drop, not sure what it'll be, but at this time - I can't recommend the game. Go, play Anno instead (with any number at the end but I would recommend the latest two). Or if you're more into building stuff, play Cities Skylines instead."
,Not Recommended,484900,33878302,Posted: 29 July,all,MatHack,"Finished the campaign on normal in about 10 hours with an average speed of 4x. After a while the higher speed is really needed, otherwise you're just staring at the screen doing nothing. After a couple of hours the campaign gets rather boring.The sandbox does not have extra content, if you've played the campaign you've seen pretty much all of the game.The low food alert goes off way to quickly. Especially if you're using farms, every winter you get the alert while your stockpile replenishes in the other seasons.Most, if not all, 'disasters' are very trivialThe game has potential, but at the moment of writing (2017-07-29) isn't worth the 30 euro I payed for it. A more realistic price would be 10 euro, 15 euro max."
,Recommended,484900,33934813,Posted: 31 July,all,Athravan,"This is a tentative recommendation of a 6/10 game for fans of the genre.Aven Colony is a sci-fi planet building simulator - similar to the Anno series, or perhaps if Tropico was set in space (but alas, without the humour). It follows a very structured format and the challenge often comes from resource management and your building efficiency. It's quite a niche genre which often has high levels of micromanagement and this sort of game often gets a mixed reception. Those who enjoy the game will sink a hefty amount of hours into it, but many will struggle to get past the few hours.Aven Colony is a very restrictive game and you have to be willing to play by their rules. Those rules don't always make sense, such as the way air quality works, or how angry the AI gets at the police coverage. If the AI is flawed; you have to play to the flaws to win. It took me a while to realize this and I had some frustrating moments of not understanding why certain things were happening. This can lead to it feeling boring, grindy, and every game the same.You start off with a very simple colony and you build it up in a fairly traditional way. You provide housing so people will come and live there, they dig your mines, run your electricity plants, staff your farms and repair your network of tunnels. You have to trade for whatever resources your planet is lacking. Your people have needs, so you have to make sure they feel protected, that they don't have to walk far to work (and they are really lazy), that they have entertainment and food variety, recreational drugs and medication. At every step of the way you need to micromanage your power, your air quality and your employment locations. These three things are critical and one wrong step can lead to a critical breakdown.As your colony expands you must defend it from giant worms, ice shards and lightning strikes and the campaign takes you through the exploration of alien artifacts across a variety of different maps, each with strengths and weaknesses... but still at the heart of it - power, air, location. It ends up feeling like you're not really expanding and exploring to find anything new and interesting, but merely to provide more power and more resources. There never quite feels like there's a purpose, even in the campaign. Eventually you will get to a point where you have ""beaten"" the map - you have a thriving colony that has more resources than you can use. You have perfected your power grid and your people are happy. All negative events can be handled automatically. There's nothing more to do. The question is whether you will enjoy getting there.I mostly enjoyed the journey; but I know that I'm a heavy fan of micromanagement games, even at extreme levels and where some may see ""boring"", I often see ""relaxing.""Pros:* Game looks and runs great.* Good selection of attractive buildings.* 8 different difficulty levels.* A competent management game at the core.* A good length campaign that progresses through different maps.Cons:* The game holds your hand every step of the way with constant simple tasks.* Large amount of notifications that aren't really necessary which can hide the important things.* Limited maps with limited resources.* Resource generation can force you to play a certain way.* Games all end up playing out quite similar - nothing unique.* Quite a high price tag for a niche indie game - £24.99Despite what might read as a fairly negative review, I would recommend this game very specifically to people who like the genre and feel starved for their management fix. It is definitely not everyones cup of tea and the game has some limits that might frustrate even colony management fans.To get the best sense of value; it'd definitely be worth waiting for a sale."
76561198047019084,Recommended,484900,33803935,Posted: 26 July,all,xfire0420,"I'm surprised to see so many people just scream “no challenge” “so easy” when they only played for 1 hour and probably only experienced the first 2 campaign maps. But this game has 8 or more campaign maps to offer beside the normal sandbox mode. Each campaign map has a different series of missions to complete. Isn’t this exciting? This really reminds me the joy of playing Pharaoh and Emperor: Rise of the Middle Kingdom 10 years ago. These days you can hardly find any well-designed campaign mode in city building games. I don’t know, maybe developers are getting lazier and lazier.And I can tell the campaign is well-designed. I decided to do the achievement on the first map, which is to complete the map missions within 5 years. I already failed twice but each failure taught me a lot. The time is very tight and lots of things need to be planned ahead way earlier. To anyone who doesn’t enjoy this game, please try the achievement challenge “Speed Runner”, you won’t regret it!"
76561198052601509,Not Recommended,484900,33793268,Posted: 25 July,all,Jywert3,"Quite simple and familiar scifi-city builder. Got your different building types in tiers.Lacks complexity of an Anno game or Tropico series. All your colonist can do all the jobs. Could forgive if was an Early Acces game, But intsted is a  full release. There is some extra materials you can refine in mills and checial plants. But effects seem to be quite small compared to amount needed to invest in. Like can make bread or pasta but you can already reach very good divercity of food only by growing the basic types. Don't know if the more andvanced forms of food are more filling or increase happines.Story missions seem same similar maps. Has some hazard to deal. Second mission unlocks expedition which could be an interesting addition but seem bit bare boned.Lot of the basic cycle add power-> add water ->add food ->add houses->Add power(solar panels cost no ppl) And so on.Overall if this was an early access game could forgive alot of the problems. But seems to miss lot of the complexity which is shame.  Would not recommend at this price at the moment if price was lower or this was and EA product to invest."
,Not Recommended,484900,33803749,Posted: 26 July,all,Helixien,"Aven Colony is a game I was looking forward to, but now that I have played it, I am more than just disappointed!Now let me say right away, it is not a bad game. Quite the opposite, in my opinion it has a solid foundation and it is fun in the beginning, that is until you realize after your first colony you have pretty much seen everything there is to see.Once you found a working layout for a colony, it works on every map no matter what difficulty you play at. the Only thing that changes is how fast you will build your colony.Here are my mayor problems with the game:Storage:Storage is most likely the most broken thing in this game. There is no way to manage it. In fact, the only problem I had in any of my three colonies so far is that my storage gets flooded with food and water or I don’t produce enough food and water. I really don’t understand why the developers did not invest more time into storage management options. For example:- Let us choose what storage stores what goods.- Set a limit for a certain product and once its reached, it won’t be produced anymore.- Let us move products between storages- And of course, make each storage its own entity and not just one collective storage (look at Anno, they did it right!)Trading:Oh boy, this feels like it was added just so it is there. While it is useful to keep your energy going later in the game, it is pretty much useless otherwise.Farms, Food and Water:Now I am happy that water is a thing we must take care of, but how and how much water is needed is a bit of a mystery at first since you have no idea how it works (until you learn it by trial and error). But this I don’t mind.What I do mind however is that farms are not modular (like again, in Anno!) so I can’t place the fields myself but should live with the idiotic placements the game makes for me! It’s really not that much to ask, now is it?Also, no livestock?Walkways and lazy colonists:I personally have to walk 30 mins from and to work each day (unless it’s raining or winter) which is why I am annoyed that my little colonists are unhappy because they have to go 5 mins to their work place. Really? Now this wouldn’t be that much of a problem if there was an alternative to the tunnels (which I call walkways, deal with it) like a monorail or anything! Now I know this isn’t Cities Skylines and I don’t expect and highway, but something to bring my people from point a to point b so they don’t complain about the 5 min walk they have to do! (Lazy colonists....)Buildings:Speaking of buildings in general, there are so view and they all look the same! It’s the same problem I have with Tropico 5, each building looks the same. There is no variety or different models for the same building. Now I know most people won’t care about that, but I do.Also, why do the residential buildings not fit the style of the rest of the buildings? Everything, really everything has this industrial look but the residential buildings just don’t fit in! Even the shape makes no real sense (but that is just my taste so)Exploration:It’s fun, but more like a free to play mobile game where all you do is click somewhere and wait for it to be done. Like trading, feels like it was added just so it is there but no one really bothered to make it interesting or fun.Environment and the little details:Another thing I am bothered by is the maps all look the same (which is empty and boring). Like I said with Anno 2205, bring us random maps or at least an option for them OR more (free, don’t you dare to sell them as DLCs, maps)Now the weather effects are nice and all, but I wish they would have more effects on the buildings.You what know, just look at how Anno handles these nice little visual effects like people walking around, animals, little robots flying around, etc.As I said the game has a solid foundation and it is fun in the beginning which is why I will not request a refund, but rather wait and see if the developers are going to ""fix"" the game and make it more interesting. It is as I already said, not a bad game, but lacks late game gameplay and depth which makes it for anyone who played games like Anno or Cities Skyline rather boring fast.I am looking forward to future updates and new content so I can give the game a positiv review, I just hope it will be free and not DLCs right away, since I am not going to pay for a DLC that adds something that already should be in the game to begin with."
76561198111391566,Not Recommended,484900,34666012,Posted: 1 September,all,Icebane_the_Wolf,"Alas, this under-acknowledged hype train caught my attention early on (almost 3 years ago). I waited for a long time, checking in on their community updates every 2-3 months, racking up the expectation and hype points, and preordered it as soon as it was available. The day it came out, I jumped to start the download on my shoddy internet, and was pumped to play it the next day. Overall results;Pros:Beautiful artstyle,ok comedy from your superiors,a time control option with 5 speeds (including paused).It never crashed on me.Cons:Incomplete feel,REPETITIVE gameplay,simple strategy with little to no complexity,not enough buildings (feels like they've added nothing since I first saw Sips play it 2-3 years ago),not enough variety in events,Incomplete feel,low sense of accomplishment,5-6 times what I would pay for a game with this amount of content,trade is locked to specific things,Some systems (I'm looking at you crime) can't seem to be controlled with their respective buildings,Incomplete feel.Note: I have not played the content pack update, but looking over the change notes revealed that they made some minor system tweeks and added transportation. This still doesn't feel like enough to get me back on my feet and eeger to play again.All in all, I was sorely disapointed with the quality of the game, and how little it seems to have changed since I first heard about it. I may return to this one a few months or updates down the road to reevaluate it, but for now, I simply cannot recommend it at it's current price.What I would like to see when I come back:More buildings (at least 50+ practical and/or decorative structures),More variety of buildings already there, NOT JUST TIERED UPGRADES,A more versatile economic and trade system,More defence buildings and types,More aliens (such as pack animals and herds that don't need to do anything other than roam and eat grass or something),More collony animation, it needs to be more active than people just walking around with their baby-makers in hand,A more diverse and interesting campaign,A true sense of accomplishment when completing something,More events,More strategy involving building placement, resource control, and what the collony needs to have done to it to accomplish the goals OF THE PLAYER,And last, but certainly not the least, content in general."
76561197971052123,Recommended,484900,33813826,Posted: 26 July,all,Jereo,"I have completed the first 2 missions of Aven Colony and wanted to give my opinion for people who might conisder buying it.The positive...On the technical side, the game is fairly polished.Graphics are nice, the planets you colonize feel alive and colorful with birds flying around and strange vegetation.The game runs very smoothly. I have uncountered only a few translation problems and one minor bug (when I scroll the map by moving the cursor to the border of the screen the scrolling is jumpy and erratic).The UI is perfect. It's very discreet and you never struggle to find what you need. There are a lot of different layouts that gives you a lot of informations about your colony (happiness, crime, etc...).You are slowly introduced to some nice concepts that pomise a certain level of depths for later stages of the game. (yet to be uncountered...)For example, you can farm some alien plants on you planet, unsuitable for cosumption, but after the proper research, you can use them to fabricate stimulants in a factory. These stimulants will make you colonist happier or more productive at the cost of their health.There are a lot of other systems like different food tier, crime, health, happiness, etc...Now the negative...The first negative aspect you will encountered, as discusssed in many other reviews is the lack of visual feedback for what is happening in your colony.The only sign of life you will see is a few people walking around in empty corridors from one building to another. You won't see them work or have fun or getting robbed.If the crime rate is high in an area, you wont see any crime, if they are sick or unhappy, you have no way to know if you don't consult the statistics or the different information layouts.This lacks of visual feedback extend to buildings as well as you have no way to tell if your store house is full or empty or if your factory is working as intended.The buildings also are very generic in their design and it can be difficult to distinguish a extractor from a mineral processor for example, or a tier one building from a tier two.This can be slightly annoying when you have to upgrade certain buildings as you have to remember where you placed them or click around until you find them.The major downside of the game however is how it makes a poor usage of its own system and concepts.For example, you have different food tier as mentioned earlier. So you can grow tier one food in a farm, barley for exemple.Barley can be eaten directly by your colonists or you an use it to make porridge in a factory.Now you would expect that the porridge would have some avantages over the braleys.Well, it doesn't. Or maybe it does but after 6 or 7 hours into the game, I have yet to find out.So this is just an example, but it applies to many other things. (stimulant, expeditions, trade)You have literraly no incentive to use many of the game features because you just don't need them (at least in the first 2 missions).Expet for food and energy management, the first 2 missions are fairly easy.You can litterally fabicate curency and its quite easy. So you never get short of money.You can deal wiht most problems in a few seconds just by placing a few buldings at the right spot.At many time during the game, I just didn't know what to do, what to build because my colony was running well and I just needed to wait for it to grow.The game artificially remedy these shortcomings by giving you a ton of side missions that invites you to build a certain building or to trade a certain goods. These side quest are facultative but difficult to ignore. First because most of them rewards you with food (wich you will need) and second because the icons in the UI will keep jumping until you do (which is quite annoying).Now despite, all of these shortcomings, my time with the game was not unpleasant. I just feel that the game if technically polished is unfinished and that the devs did not have time to give it the depths it deserves. It's like an empty sheel wainting to be filled.I would only recomend it only to management/building sims addict like myself looking for a fix or to casual players looking for a way to pass a few hours."
76561198106013105,Recommended,484900,33985549,Posted: 2 August,all,Galactic Origins,"This is a good game. Many reviewers that down voted this game, I think they did not give it a chance. There is still a lot to do in the game even if you do not have specific jobs for the colonists. That would make it a nightmare! Also, even tho all the buildings are mostly unlocked, there are still concerns as to where to place things. There are a lot of things to keep on top of. I like the simplicity of this city builder. There is no money to manage but there are other things: building materials, food, water, air quality, colonist happiness, crime, and energy, especially energy.Maps start out simple enough but can get busy real quick. There are Drugs you can make and disperse to the colonists. These drugs usually have good effects although there are some that have one good and one bad effect. Making the drugs is involved, as are special foods, like bread (need wheat or barley, need flour, need bake it at a Mill, etc.)I like the fact Aven Colony is a lot easier and simple compared some 'other' city builders. The game is mostly relaxing. There are catastorphes (can be made easier or harder) and magaing a larger colony is not as easy as it seems.My only concerns are two:1) storage seems weird to me. It just fills up too fast.2) A building highlighter for locating certain structures is BADLY needed. (EDIT: There is a building locater if one looks for it.)I like the game, it is fun once in a while. I played sandbox and the first map, as well as the two short tutorials. This is not a bad game. The music is nice and the graphics are great. Neat game."
,Recommended,484900,33906807,Posted: 30 July,all,unknown14725,"Fairly basic city/base-building game. Not much micromanagement beyond goods and material production. Although it does provide a very useful feature that allows you to adjust a building's efficiency by controlling the number of workers assigned to it.The gameplay is slow and laidback (even when on 4x and 8x speed), and its easy to complete tasks and missions. Might be more suitable for younger players (than i.e. SimCity), but is in no way less fun for older gamers looking for some casual base building. The tutorial is nicely done, making is easy to learn for all ages.Once you get a grip on the game's mechanics, you'll probably plow through the campaign on ""Insane"" difficulty, though. It would be nice to see an extended campaign, or just a larger selection of missions; the sandbox mode might not be very rewarding for all players. The campaign story has pretty good voice acting, with each mission progressively getting a little more challenging. All the colonists are separate individuals, with their morale and complaints depending on how well their part of the colony is being run.If you enjoy playingPlanetbase, this is a nice step upward from that game in regards of complexity.The graphics are detailed, with a nice selection of various buildings and upgrades. The game might hog the CPU and GPU slightly (I have i7 + GTX 980) when your base gets very large (1000+ inhabitants).Is it worth 20USD? Yeah, I feel it's worth that. I got 50 hours gameplay out of it by completing the campaign on Normal, then on Insane."
76561198100651099,Not Recommended,484900,33930217,Posted: 31 July,all,pedersen82,"I was really looking forward to the release of this game after watching a couple of videos on youtube. It really did look like a game that would suit me and give me quite a few hours worth of entertainement. Sadly this turned out to be untrue, and after only 7 hours the game has lost its appeal to me. There just isnt enough content ingame to keep it interesting, atleast not for me.Here is a short list of changes that might improve the gameplay experience:A more interesting and bigger tech-three. For instance new and/or improved buildings, upgradeslots for buildings for different componets that decrease consumtion or improve production etc.Adjusting the amount of power generated by buildings. Could be solved through researching better tech.The trading system could also use an overhaul to make it more viable."
76561198060579999,Not Recommended,484900,34027065,Posted: 4 August,all,Rabbit09,"While I did enjoy the game it is lacking to say the least .Pros : beautiful environments> some what interesting story.> Easy to use> reliable ( never crashed for me once , never dropped frames very polished )> Price of the game is reasonable per hour you will put into it.cons:> All the missions and objectives are the same .> limited economic system. and trade system. I would easily end up over producing products as I was expanding my colony but have no where to trade them off or sell them. Not even an option really to dump them.> Very few buildings ( you build pretty much all of them in the first mission )> limited crisis's . You get three.. and they repeat.. over.. and over and over..Conclusion :While I did enjoy this game it felt like half of it was missing . It really needs alot more buildings in the game. Varity in those buildings. More events , more and different objectives ? I mean you could have had a mission where you needed to set up a penal colony ? or a Military base, and had building to relect this. More enterainment buildings ? there are four or five, but they all really do the same thing. Easily could have created more.It feels like they have gone down the Tropico route , by stripping the game of as much as they could to then later sell on. I would stay away for now and buy on sale."
,Recommended,484900,33897357,Posted: 29 July,all,Engy,"This game is worth the $30.   The current Mixed review makes no sense to me.  I'm 3/4 through the campain and I have enjoyed all of the time that I spent, and I'm looking forward to playing the last 2 maps.Not once has the game crashed or caused any issues.  It's refreshing to see that in  a game these days.My only two compaints are:1- that the trade system isn't very useful most of the time.  You  usually can't trade for what you need.  It's mostly optional though so this doesn't really get in your way.2- I didn't care too much for the timed mission.  It's just extra stress I didn't need.This game was more fun that I expected.  I'm looking foward to playing DLC or future games by this developer."
76561198046121305,Recommended,484900,33896809,Posted: 29 July,all,loomingstorm,"FANTASTIC GAME!I have played several other city-building and strategy games. This is the best one by far. I agree with several other people who liked this game. I also agree with them that many people who did not like Aven Colony seem to only have played it for below the number of hours before a refund is no longer possible, which is not enough hours to really progress through to the most interesting aspects of the campaign.I have poured countless hours into the Civ franchise (2 to 6), several titles in the Anno series (1404, 1701, 2205), and others. The mechanics in this game are just right - not too much annoying micro, but just enough to keep me busy and engaged.Separately, the science fiction storyline is really interesting. I felt quite captivated by the twists in the story, some of which I did not expect. The story gave the campaign a depth that goes beyond the superficial beauty of the layout.I was slightly annoyed at the somewhat simplistic graphics when I first played this game. However, as time went on and I played through then finished the campaign, the environmental artwork in each successive scenario kept changing. It ended up being very interesting. The soundtrack was a bit plain at first, but after listening to it for a while, it grew on me.Overall, I have to say this is wonderful game."
,Not Recommended,484900,35077688,Posted: 19 September,all,KauaiBoy,"As it stands now this game seems like a shell of the game it could be.  I know I have only played just under 3 hours, but I think I will hold off for a lot more content to be added.  The game, at this point, feels like it is missing the content it needs to give it a full city builder experiance.  Good start, but not enough there yet.  I will update with any future patches."
76561198015607661,Recommended,484900,33822123,Posted: 26 July,all,=The Legend=,"This game did not advertize to be a SIMCITY, PLEASE KEEP THAT IN MIND!THis game does everything that is say and then some. It is a very laid back and relaxing game, similar to most city-builders with in-depth managemnt for settling a colony, it is a new niche and don't listen to bad reviews, this is an awesome game that deserves to be recognized and given a chance.This game will give you what you put into it, and if given a bit you will see its potential, dont play 1 hour and come on here and do bad reviews. I have been playing since ALPHA, and it has drastically improved."
,Not Recommended,484900,34025552,Posted: 4 August,all,The Big Peach,"My Experience:Noticed this game a while back : pumpedBought it first day it came out : extra pumpedPlayed through tutorial : really pumpedPlayed through second tutorial : still pumpedPlayed first mission and found out the game is as shallow as my Ex : not quite as pumped but still hopeful.Played second mission and found out it was the same as first mission with different color terrain : lost hope, but held on...Played 1 minute of 3rd mission and realized it was the SAME EXACT THING : all pumped-ness lost, and hope dwindled into oblivionAsked for refund : Too much playtime.So here's hoping the game gets better! Cause im stuck with it!--------------------------------------------------------------What I want to see :-More Buildings-More Aliens-More Combat-More Strategy-Research Levels (not just researching new flavors of Soda Drinks)Personally I think the game would do better if the world had more hostile wildlife, that was a constant threat. Something that required more than the ONE AND ONLY GUN IN THE GAME to beat.This game would be amazing if it was about a week into early access. There's simply not enough content to justify the price tag.--------------------------------------------------------------[9/9/17]Edit 1:The release of Content Drop 1 is a distant light through a VERY long, dark tunnel. I still cannot recommend the game at this time, as the content drop does not ""fix"" the game itself. However, the game does include more content, and the Devs have promissed more to come. It's definitely a step in the right direction.But is it good enough that the captain steers away from the iceberg AFTER he hit it? I guess we'll find out. I applaud the devs for doing what they can, and for working hard on making new content. If this game flops in the end, it won't be because of a lack of effort, and that's rare these days.Best of luck devs!"
76561198126913299,Not Recommended,484900,34164643,Posted: 11 August,all,Holothurin,"I got the game because of a Lets Play-Vid and some of the reviews and i do have pretty mixed feelings about it now.Pros:-cute, nice to look at graphics- uhm...Cons:-campaign is repetitive. one mission map lacks food, one lacks minerals, one lacks this, one lacks that.-building is repetitive. build water, build food, build minerals, build people, then start over-'challenges' are repetitive. build defense, so you can shoot it. build more buildings, build defense-very limited resources. mines deplete, farming land is sub-optimal, buildings suck energy like a chemical plantActually its a nice, stable and relaxing game if you want to procrastinate a bit. But it lacks the depth of Cities Skylines, the cuteness of settlers/banished and the possibility to build freely for hours. Replayability is... well... if you enjoy doing the exact same thing over and over again, feel free but...Summary:Nice little game. But definitely not worth 30$."
76561198022236367,Not Recommended,484900,33995341,Posted: 3 August,all,stumpysheep,"Where's El Presidente when we need him?This is my first negative review, and it hurts that is has to be a game from a studio I've been a big fan of since I was a kid. It also hurts because Aven Colony comessooooclose to being the game I wanted it to be. But it could still be, so hopefully the devs will read all the feedback and consider an overhaul.My heart lept when I first heard of Aven Colony. Those of us old enough to remember Utopia will have seen immediate similarities from the screenshots, and of the three games it's clearly been influenced by it comes closest to it in the mechanics and (glorious) visuals, but then swerves away and misses it by a mile. It's also been influenced by the later Anno games, and not in a good way, but it also has nods to the Tropico series, and they make it worse only because they serve as a reminder of what's really wrong with it.Technically, Aven Colony gets an awful lot right, if you like your city builders really slow (personally I don't, which is one of many reasons I fell out of love with Anno). It's strange to say that one of the things I like about AC is one of the things I hate about Anno, but in the context of managing a struggling colony it works because it reinforces the need to keep a close eye on managing your resources and make every decision count. It also means that there are times when you'll be forced out of this style, especially if the coming of winter catches you out (the winter mechanic does what you'd expect).But unfortunately the resource mechanics just aren't implemented well enough and, to borrow a phrase from the beekeeping world, colony collapse syndrome is always a risk - frequently saving your game, especially around referendums (elections) is highly recommended. This happens when you hit a problem with one of your resources (particularly energy, food, water and air). If colonists don't get enough of any of these, and of the other things they need to maintain morale then their productivity drops off a cliff and everyone suffers - fast. And if your energy demand goes higher than your production, which will of course happen if the colonists running your generators get grumpy, then you might as well re-load because without energy there's not much you can do to make them happy again - everything just spirals out of control. This can also happen if you mis-judge how much power you'll lose from your (un-crewed) solar panels in winter, or if you mis-judge the drop in food production, or if you expand just a bit too quickly, or if.... You get the picture, colony collapse happens a lot, and whilst it's not always irreversible if it starts during a referendum you're probably going to lose it, and that's game over too.Yes, that's realistic, but AC either doesn't give you enough info or it gives you too much that's irrelevant. For example, plague is another frequent risk and you get a pop up with every outbreak, which pauses the game. But providing you have filtered air intakes, one chemical plant pumping out vaccines, and enough hospitals to cover your colony, you can safely ignore the warnings. Whereas not having enough colonists in a critical building, one of the many causes of colony collapse, just gets you a warning ping on the sidebar.And there's another problem here. There are quite a lot of buildings that don't need to be there. AC gives you almost all of its toys in the first mission - some will like that and others won't, I'm neutral - but there's simply no need to build an open air vent or a laser mine unless you're really desperate, and by that point you've probably lost anyway. Buildings can also be upgraded, but even if you don't build the higher tier versions to start with you'll probably find you're upgrading them as soon as their built. And there's an added reason to do this as the different tiers are nearly identical visually, so finding a lower tier energy battery in a crowded colony is a fool's errand.Even so, I could forgive Aven Colony a lot of this just for trying, but what it really lacks is charisma. This is summed up nicely in the tutorial when it tells you to focus in on a walkway to see the people - it's saying""look, there really are people here!""The plot, which is quite fun but gets staggered by the length of the missions, is driven by a few of your fellow colony officers, but they're totally forgettable. As a huge fan of the series (check my hours) I may be biased, but Tropico nails this and so many other things that AC doesn't get right. It can punish you when it wants to, but there's almost always a way out if you think hard enough, but AC doesn't quite have the depth to make you want to bother.I really hope the devs take on board a lot of the comments in the reviews. AC is far from a disaster but it really needs more vision - someone at Team 17 needs to get on the phone to El Presidente."
,Recommended,484900,34246600,Posted: 14 August,all,Kharn,"This game is stunning looking for the genre, it has great sound, environmental effects. I'm recommending this game, and I'm actually giving it a review because I think it has huge potential. I think if the dev's stick to patching and giving this proper updates to flesh it out more it can be fantastic. I'd love for a sci-fi game like this to really flourish, I could easily see myself throwing money at it.However, it lacks depth. Anyone who has played these styles of games like myself will figure it out in about 2 hours. That's all it took me without looking at the tutorials.Playing on speed 5, 2hrs in and just putting down whatever I wanted, ignoring a lot of the ""hazards"" or rather building things as they appeared. I had so many nanites I didn't know what to do with them, I was building high tier everything immediately. The research is very limited, this game really could benefit from a number of improvements:Complex resource chains-Multiple resources for construction (nanites is so generic)-Research that is a bit more in depth, like unlockable buildings-Pricing, the prices to build/upgrade things is rediculously cheap. I make a building and immedaitely upgrade it to max tier without any real downside. Then from that moment on I have all these ""level 1, 2, 3 "" clogging my UI that I will never build.-Trade, it's a bit shallow but it works. But trade items should include things perhaps you cannot find?-Housing Evolution, the game has none of this and I think the happiness mechanic replaces that. But it's not hard to make people happy.-Air quality, more things that destroy air quality, my own buildings should severly screw me over making placement key-Power consumption, seems way too easy to spam power buildings. Take a note from Anno and make overlapping windmills give less. I like the volitility of using solar panels in winter though-Walkways, maybe have them upgradeable? Make the lowest tier ♥♥♥♥♥♥, and work our way up that way we have to spend more money and nanites?-Something that can close up the holes or use them as some sort of really crappy version of strip mining perhaps?Again, I think this game has great potential. I played 2.1 hrs because I wasn't sure if I was going to return it because $40 CDN is steep for an indie game but I saw the quality, and I already watched some Let's Plays. I just had to play it for myself."
76561197990855867,Recommended,484900,34043520,Posted: 5 August,all,CRY0s0ul,"PrefaceAlthough it is good looking game, I personally find it lacking in content and gameplay, especially considering the $37.99 CDN launch price. This would be one of the times I wish Steam has a true mixed rating rather than just thumbs up or down, but I’ll give it a passing mark as it has a good base and can easily be improved.ReviewOverall 6/10, for the effort with room for future improvements. Buy it on a sale.For those wondering, this isnot a city builder like Cities: Skylines. This game is primarily a survival game with similarities to Planetbase or Banished. There is also a small production chain aspect, but it is not as complex as in the Anno series. Overall, I find it doesn’t develop a cohesive formula found in the other games mentioned. It perhaps tried to accomplish too many different things and failed to focus on certain aspects individually.You are a colonial administrator tasked to develop suitable habitations on a new habitable world, Aven Prime that was discovered by humanity. You will use your management skills to establish thriving colonies in various biomes (different maps), each with their own unique challenges stemming from access to specific types of resources and environmental conditions. One unique feature here is that the night cycle is also a mini winter cycle.There’s also a generic sci-fi story in the campaign that’s mildly entertaining and is delivered mainly through in-game dialog.The good:at launch, it seemed very polished to me and I didn’t experience any game-breaking bugs. Graphics and artwork were very well done and at 1080p were solid at all settings maxed (GTX 1070). The campaign is a bit of a slough at times, but it paces the player well to learn and adapt to the style of gameplay relevant to the game. Sandbox mode is available from the start and is perhaps the primary focus of this game as it allows you to build your colony as you see fit.The bad:The game lacks a definite path and/or does a poor job of blending together various different aspects. Explanation:  The management mechanic seems to get bogged down by the small scale production chains required towards the late game and a lack of organic citizen growth/death cycles (no families/children; immigration only) which leads to a lack of a steady-state where you can lean back and enjoy your colony (as you might in a functioning city/settlement in Cities: Skylines or Banished).Trading can also be done better, right now it's simply 1 randomly generated trade mission (no quantity of resource selectable) per trade hub rather than a true resources exchange hub (Ex.: Planetbase or Banished: User-selectable X Oranges for Y Apples).Production chain limits would also help balance out storage space. Currently (at launch) it needs to be micro-managed to avoid over-production.Many buildings are questionable to use other than the resource cost point (at launch, may change with patching), for example:-Farms are useless in winter but still consume resources in winter; greenhouses always produce crops, albeit at 50% rate in winter-Air filters are superior to intake fans and don’t suffer from toxic gas clouds-Laser mining is utterly useless as it destroys 50% of your mining resource.As stated earlier, it’s not a terrible game and there is definitely room for improvement via patches or additional content, but the asking price is a little high as it fails to deliver in gameplay compared to its competition. Mods (via Steam Workshop) might also add value to the good base that exists."
76561198066819671,Recommended,484900,33884314,Posted: 29 July,all,Kapatha,"Hey folks,Enjoying the game! pre-purchased 1 month prior, not disapointed. Very relaxing, ambiance with sounds animals flying around. Campaing story is good and missions pace you, I did build ahead many times and could not continu, need to be patient. Expedition missions are good, hope Devs put more with more value rewards (ie: rescue adds people to your base). Very relaxing game and sandbox mode to make your own base. Also , looking forward to new content as devs mentionned,Pros:Good base builder, fun relaxingGood colony micro-managementScience research tree helpfull when no mineralsExpedition missionsoptimizing colony is solid (air flow,moral bonus)price point was ok for meGame ran with no glitches and video is smooth (GTX 1060/6gig)upcomming content anticipatedwould like to have more in expeditions (ie: perma buf on colonyf for X or y)Cons;  not many but but election window is annoying, would like to have it the menu bar so i could consult when it alerts me"
76561198044277380,Not Recommended,484900,34198499,Posted: 12 August,all,martijnrep1987,"Pros:- LooksCons:- Replay value- DepthIn terms of gameplay it's quite good, but not very lasting. At the start of each level you spend much of your time just waiting for building materials or colonists to arrive. And by the time you got a decent income of both there is nothing new to build.Trade is very limited, which quite often means you end up with storage full of useless materials while being unable to get enough resource you do need.The natural disasters aren't very challenging. You just build one well placed building and it takes care of it for the rest of the game.The exploration is a nice touch, but it could also do with more depth. Now it's just a popup telling you wether or not it succeeded and that's about it.The sandbox mode is limited to just the campaign maps, with no real variance in resources. Which is what really hurts the replay value.Overal it is fun to play, but not for a very long time."
76561198058366996,Not Recommended,484900,33812540,Posted: 26 July,all,oli.palme,"I usually dont write reviews, especially no negative ones, but this time i just want to warn those of you, that are highly expecting this title as a rewarding colony manager. For me it is more a ""complex"" screensaver, since you need no management skills and development strategies at all. I just dont know where to start, but the other reviews point out the problem very well.-no replayability-too simple or lacking core game mechanic esp. for this genre-no immersion-and worst of all no challenge at all.(no fight, no hunger, no energy scarcities - all can be solved by simple ad hoc building)Its just a huge disappointment for people like me, who wants a challenging and rewarding experience with place for ""experiments"" and replay value. Its rather good for those who just want a simple minded game as relaxant - at least it has    nice graphics.Buyed Anno 1404 some days ago - this one 10 year old game, cost only 1/3 and catched me much more."
76561198032514717,Not Recommended,484900,33799700,Posted: 25 July,all,Di Dae Mao,"This game took half measure to everything.From resources to complexity.and if your PC is made of cardbox and potatoes dont buy this game, heck only get this game if you have ""grade A"" PCit ate a lot of resourcesTL;DR might be good for a casual player, but not for me."
,Recommended,484900,33843013,Posted: 27 July,all,ForgeDrake,Ceaser / Tropico in spacePretty strait forward city builder with a space theme. Standard food/water/power/housing happyness then adds in things like can't build outside of drone ranges attacks from creatures lightning strikes and air quality. Air quality can be a issue if toxic storms come out.8 of 10 great looking fun will be 10/10 when mods are unlockedif you want a sim city / tropico / Ceaser in space buy it.
76561198063878961,Not Recommended,484900,33791497,Posted: 25 July,all,ExactChaos,"Aven Colony is a colony simulation game, heavily focussed on the management aspect of a space colony. You plan and build the colony, manage basic resources such as water, air and food, and run the economy through production and trade. After playing for a few hours.The Good:- Interesting concept- depth of potential resource managementThe Bad:- the depth seems pointless, no need to use any of the items you create or produce- it is an extremely easy game, I got bored of all the winning pretty quickly (even at harder difficulties)- There is zero excitement, though the game 'advertises' excitement in the cut scenes and with the massive worms just outside your base. Alas none of that features in the gameplay.- Missions are arbitrary, I never knew what I was trying to achieve.The Verdict:Seems like a rush release, developed a lot of content but quite built a way of using it in the game. I cannot recommend this game, maybe after a few DLC's when the content plays a role in the game.Full Review:https://youtu.be/tbE7Tc6LozUIf you want to check out the gameplay:https://youtu.be/xLgn95bi06E"
76561197984337481,Not Recommended,484900,34105099,Posted: 8 August,all,Cashuea,"Don't get me wrong, the game itself was enjoyable at first but it does get repetive quickly and without any truly large open maps you will never be able to build that big sci-fi city you wanted. Plus the total lack of building options keeps the game very limited. Not worth it at this price."
,Recommended,484900,34265975,Posted: 15 August,all,BarbieGirl,"I have been playing this for a few weeks now and I find it very addictive.  I don't understand the negative reviews as it is a ton of fun.  I can see where some improvements could be made especially with storage but the Devs are very responsive and still releasing updates and are working on a free DLC pack.  I'll be very interested in the new buildings.  I'd like to see some advanced items like a shield for the city, and maybe some more invasions.  I'd like to see a tech tree to advance some sciences so that you could continue to explore and make discoveries.I hope they keep working on this and expanding it."
76561198034338714,Recommended,484900,34348652,Posted: 19 August,all,[LUE] Cerby,"While the game still has room for improvements and its cinematics are nothing to brag about. Imo the game as a whole is pretty good. Once you get used to using the different ressources and figure out what does what, the game is fairly easy and straight forward."
76561198057468694,Recommended,484900,33885861,Posted: 29 July,all,Daisii,"Please try to ignore reviews with less than a few hours of gameplay...this is a lovely game.  Not to mention the updates to the game in just days.  It's obvious the Devs here are not only paying attention to the consumer feedback..but reacting in a positive manner to enhance the gameplay and experience.The game is a space~like city builder with beautiful surroundings...(relaxing)..don't let that fool you.  You will have to ""look at the big picture"" as you try and manage the placing of the numerous city buildings, farms and resourse facilities.  Obviously, the campaign will throw in many mini missions along the way, which is why in the first couple of  hours I was a bit frustrated that my colony was not thriving.The price of the game in my opinion has paid for itself in entertainment as I purchased it yesterday and already have put over 18 hours into it....As I mentioned another update was just a few minutes ago..so I plan on getting my chores done so I can again emerse myself into another campaign with the new fixes/updates.If you are unsure about sinking your money into the unknown...take time to look at a couple of Youtube Let's Play.  I did and I do not regret it.Happy Colonies!"
,Not Recommended,484900,33806660,Posted: 26 July,all,Pharaoh,"If you like city builders like i do, you will be highly disappointed by this game. It feels like an Early Access title at full release. That is unacceptable. Buildings are very limited, little to no interaction with your environment around you. Once you setup your colony there isn't much left to do other than building the same crap over and over again. This game is not even close to the $30 they want for it. Shame really i had high hopes for it. Refund!"
76561198049568892,Not Recommended,484900,33800212,Posted: 25 July,all,Smurf,"I built a colony, not enough russians, winter hit, no more colony.Seriously though, this game feels like its in alpha, and as a fully released title (and one i was extremely looking foward to) its a massive let down. the ""combat"" is non existent, there is no skill set for colonist, just if you have 50 jobs and 40 colonist, you have 80% jobs filled. No real challenge (until late game winter hits, then its pretty much game over). This game feels like planetbase with a grid system, cost 10 dollars more, and is several years newer. I am a major city builder player: Cities, planetbase, banished, sim city, anno 2070, and more. This game offers nothing over those games and if anything offers less.As of now I am refunding the game as it feels totally incomplete and needs a lot of work. If the work comes free then I may consider repurchasing. If the extra material comes as a DLC, then I would say never buy this game. The only reason I will give the devs some credit here is this is their first game, but didn't require a kickstarter to get the game going and released it directly to steam (which gives the buyers some security)Side note, this game as it stands is worth 10~ dollars, so if you see it on a 67% sale, then its worth."
76561198082985691,Recommended,484900,33891792,Posted: 29 July,all,ZephyrXZ,"i honestly think this game is great, i dont really understand what everyone is so upset about. The game is pretty bug free, its polished, it has lots of features. It has a lot of things you want in a game. Sure the campaign could have been done a bit more thorough so you actually have a sense of immersion but overall this game is a great time waster with lots of challenge should you want it."
76561197964062737,Not Recommended,484900,33803149,Posted: 26 July,all,neldorth,"As a city builder fan, i was eager to play Aven.The game engine is sharp and the game itself is good  however it lacks depth.At arround 40 population, most buildings are already built (of course not all products are available but a corn or a barley farm are identical). Only upgrading remains and managing your city to increase the numbers.I played for over an hour and decided to refund. not because the game is bad, it just did not click for me."
76561198079922384,Not Recommended,484900,33861773,Posted: 28 July,all,One of Many James-es,"Aven Colony is a fantastic concept, but one that quickly turns shallow. As long as you follow basic guidance and aren't negligent you will have no trouble winning the scenarios. So far I've only played the first two missions, but there is almost no variation between the first and second missions even though the settings are very different, which is not a good start.It moved the colony from a fertile paradise to a desert. I expected to have to trade more due to a lack of firtile ground, making the mission more about trade and less about greenhouses, but the design of the map makes it really easy. There are patches of green paradise dotted about where you are obviously meant to build greenhouses. It is supposed to be a 'mining colony', but I'm doing less mining than I was in the paradise and growing more food.tldr: It is too easy/simple and the maps discourage different strategies. Banished would be a better choice for your relaxed city building needs as it is very similar, but £10 cheaper."
76561198030791339,Not Recommended,484900,34022331,Posted: 4 August,all,Mattyb97,"Don't get me wrong, the time i've played this game has been enjoyable. However, i feel like the amount of hours i've played is like, the peak amount of hours for the game lol. I was so excited for Aven Colony when i first saw it in beta and so pre ordered it. The game lacks a large amount of depth and so leaves little to the imagination. There is one review that i read that is so indicative of this game. Low on power? Build another geothermal generator. More food? Build another greenhouse/farm. It's so simplistic that even the three campaign missions i have completed have all been 80% similar with small variations of scenary and a slightly different scenario. It takes about 3 hours to have the majority of major structures your colony can build. It just seems so dull and uninteresting when looking at it from outside the box. No creativity, just like simple yes/no situations that lack character."
,Recommended,484900,33903760,Posted: 30 July,all,ritsuka,"This game needs more love, sure it has its issues,but if i remember corretly the devs have mentiond they are going to be working on new content,and to try to compare this to games like cities skylines is just laughable,they are in no way the same,there are no similarities at all reading through the negative comments,it just seems people had their expectations way to high as usual for the gaming community,my opinion its a great game with lots of room for improvment,but this has one thing going alot of games dont,devs that care,i do reccomend it but i'd  wait for a few big updates,see what the devs bring to the game."
,Not Recommended,484900,33979882,Posted: 2 August,all,TheSilverHammer,"Id love to give this kind of game a thumbs up because there are not enough of them.  Unfortunatly Aven Colony isn't much of a game...The good:The graphics.  It is a very pretty game.The bad:There are a myriad of problems with the game.  Some of which are:1.  You can not turn of production buildings.  If you build a bunch of farms to feed your colony, and then get more colonists who then work at the farms, you may end up with too much food.  Your warehouses will fill up when you produce far more food than you need.   There is an off button, but its disable unless you have a low power situation.Oddly, the water pump has a threshold where it will stop working automatically when there is a certain amount of water per colonist.  Why the farms do not have this feature is byeond me.Some maps have weird limits, which is ok.   You have a trade hub which should fill the gap, but doesn't unless its part of the scripted scenerio.  For example there is one map that is mineral poor.  It has very little iron (which is used to produce nanites which are used to build everything).  You would think that you could trade things for iron or nanites, yet the only options in the trade hub are to trade iron / nanaites for other things you do not need.You get random quest objectives that do not make any sense for the map you are on.  IE: Sell me 300 mellons, yet there is no farmable area for mellons on the map.Then the mission objectives make no sense.  Its just filler.  Ok build a habitat (which houses a lot of people).  Then later build an outpost (which house a very few people).  The build 3 more things, the game doesn't care what.  Etc... Build♥♥♥♥♥♥you do not need just because the game says so.In later missions you can't even see the final objective.  Its not like you can just do whatever the end goal is and then do it your way to finish the map.  No, you must take all the baby steps the game tells you to do, even if you could do it 10x better.The ugly:There is no challenge in this game beyond your inital startup of food/water/power..  Even that is minor.   Everything else is easy and you just spend time waiting for more colonists to arrive or more nanites to be built.  Its not hard, there are no interesting decisions to make.Without challenge, you can't have a game.  All this ""game"" is an pretty, but simple toy.  A toy that tells you exactly what to do,  in order to 'win' the map."
76561197988658195,Not Recommended,484900,33796160,Posted: 25 July,all,Palli,"Very basic builder game.Graphics are solid, buildings and nature looks nice.Gameplay is fairly straight forward, becomes very repetative fast.Lacks more depth, very few unlocks, in terms of building upgrades etc.""Combat"" is just an annoyance.The damn popups will make you go insane.Buy it on sale, or after a few more updates, not really worth it atm."
76561198008267554,Not Recommended,484900,33803142,Posted: 26 July,all,Legion,"After playing for 4 hours, I found no more value from the game as i found it boring after i built everything. The game is also to easy and the events are always the same just have some turrets and hospitals and the events are easy as. Resoucre gathering is just placing water pumps and building some green houses, eashy done. I can see they tried to add depth to it by giving you mills and plants to make other products but their is no point for it. Plus the blur effect hurts my eyes beyond relief. If your looking for more content and play time play the Anno series as those have 10x more content. 30$ is way to much for so little. I will be refunding this game as after 4 hours i see no more fun value and no point to keep playing"
76561198043330923,Not Recommended,484900,34116026,Posted: 8 August,all,Razguul,"Each patch since the release says something like ""lots of bug fixes"" or ""tons of bug fixes"". This game should still be in beta. Having lots of problems even as they slowly get fixed. If you're thinking of buying, I would wait at least a few more months."
76561198065307485,Recommended,484900,33802660,Posted: 25 July,all,Jeff,"not bad, strong 7/10 pretty generic economic  builder with amazing graphick,great design and atmosphere also easy to learn system, good for pepole who are considering trying out economic games.I really hope the content will extend and im not talking about huge amount of lame dlc'sAnd i really dont get pepole who are screeching over graphics being to demanding i have mid-tier pc and i can run this game on max graphics with 60 fps, its not the devs fault that some of you have potatos computers from 2010  so plis stop puting this as a cons becous that is just silly"
76561198017076013,Recommended,484900,33807955,Posted: 26 July,all,Texelion,"YOU, yes, YOU are the Pathfinder, I mean, Governor, and your task is to make the alien planets from Habitat 7, I mean, Aven Prime, livable, by actually building colonies on them to allow the people waiting in orbit in the Nexus to have a home. Ok maybe it's not the Nexus, but something like that.So, Aven Colony is like a colony building mod for Mass Effect Andromeda ( if Andromeda was actually good ). You'll have to build several colonies in differents zones with different hazards and limitations. 2/3 of the year it's winter, you can't grow crops outside and there is less sun, so less power from solar panels. Amongst the threats there are also creep spores infecting your colony, plague spores making people sick, toxic gases, iceshards storms, and even alien robots. Each landscape has its own challenge, on this own you have to survive with trading ( can't grow food ), on this one you can only grow alien plants, not usable by humans so they must be converted first, etc.You have the tools to create and manage everything, and you have to be careful about all the things you don't actually see, like criminality and air pollution ( you need to activate the overlay to see the problems ).You can also craft different goods to enhance happiness and productivity, BUT most of them have a downside : a product increasing happiness might reduce health ( like rich, tasty food and sodas ), some might reduce productivity because it makes people lazy, you can even craft drugs which will make people really happy or give them a productivity boost, at the cost of a lot of health and an increasing criminality.A little detail I like is that every few years people will vote for or against you depending on your performances as a Governor. I've never lost but I guess if you don't win the ""election"", it's game over.Now of course everything is not perfect. First thing, the game seems kinda easy, but maybe that's just the beginning ( edit : yeah it was definitely the beginning, it becomes hard enough down the road ). The other thing is that despite having a good tutorial for the basics, we quickly forget some stuff like air pollution, and installing air vents and stuff like that doesn't seem to have a huge impact. There is also no real info about what produces pollution or criminality, and despite placing several Tier 3 police drones stations, it didn't really decrease that criminality. People will still complain about air, crime, housing and whatnot even if there is only 0,1%.The last thing I don't like is how complicated it is to find the building you need. If you build your colony with no planning you'll have a bunch of buildings aligned with a bunch of roads, and several of each one here and there to avoid people having to travel too far. There is a panel to select each building but you can't move that panel and it's right in the middle of the screen, which means you can't see the selected building. This makes building management a pain, because you have to select everything one by one to change stuff like food types production, etc.EDIT : alright I finished the story mode in 29 hours ( no time speed increased ), it was really addictive. I just couldn't stop playing until I was done with a mission, and that took hours each time.The game ends a bit abruptly in a huge plot twist, but all in all I really enjoyed it.100% recomended."
,Recommended,484900,33816945,Posted: 26 July,all,NexaGalaxy,"Love the game, but I would like to see more options, such as building space ships, more research for new items and buildings, more parks and entertainment buildings. Would like to launch exploration ships into space, and meet new species of all types and bring them back to the planet. The trade system can be improved and be more interactive. There should also be the ability to build alliances for trade, resources and research. Even a research telescope or satalite would be nice to collect data from space. The graphics and details are really nice, but there should be more variety. It's still a very good game, and I hope to see it expand."
76561197970658884,Recommended,484900,34018307,Posted: 4 August,all,jpinard,"I'm posting this review as a ""what's to come"" as opposed to the current game because the developers have been very active, very honest, and have promised to address the gameplay issues being posted.  There is no doubt this game has a ton of potential.  It runs fantastic, looks great, and in a ton of hours (more than you see listed) I've not had a single crash, or bug that I could idenitfy.  So right there we have solid platform.The worlds are alien and unlike other reviewers I really get an alien vibe from them.  Not sure why some said they just felt like Earth with different stuff, because I didn't get that in the least.The voiceover work in the campaigns is fun, unexepcted and very professional.  Surprising how well it was recorded and performed from such a tiny indie developer.  Nice!Where the game still needs some work, and if I were to offer criticism, is though the graphics are beatiful and reactive, they are not alwayas representative nor cngruous with their function.  Geothermal plant is obvious, but others are like finding a needle in a haystack without an overlay since they can look generic.Personally I would like to see people moving from building to building by eihter getting rid of tunnel tops and putting them in suits, or making an extra large option even though it would be out of scale.  I like to see the movement of people in my colonies/cities.  Maybe that's my problem since I love the Tropico series so much and have grown accustomed to easily following people, or groups of them from mid-view.Managing your imports and exports is quite a pain right now, but the developers have promised to address that and make it better.In closing, there is great, great potential here.  If the developers can take some of the generic buildings and adjust them a little to make them identifiable with their function that would be great.  Then add some more variety in.  There are cool little natural plants (thinking of the orange fruity ones) that would be fun if they were harvestable.  Maybe send out a little astrornaut on a buggy to collect.  Also the late game could use some more variety as well.  My hope is the ""freebies coming soon!"" is going to add to this.  Right nor it feels abbit like once you'd played one map, you're done and there's nothing reason to try again.  But you could say the same thing about Planetside as well, a game I also loved.If you're reading reviews, make sure you ignore those that played for less than 2 hours.  You can't figure anything out in that short of time.  So I think the ""mixed"" overall should be slightly positive."
76561197985248169,Recommended,484900,33807611,Posted: 26 July,all,gj.demon,"I purchased this game off watching a couple of lets play videos published in August 2016 when it was in first stage beta.I would first like to say i have played the game for around 5 hours and have really enjoyed it.There are missions with scenarios as well as a sandbox mode.You will like this game if you are a fan of builder and management games. The graphics are ok, nothing to blow you away but far from groundbreakling. The GUI is very good and its very easy to control.Worth a buy"
76561198007379869,Not Recommended,484900,33814156,Posted: 26 July,all,doomedtrader,"I seen on other comments, the debt is not that great. You can easily create a skyscraper which is relative cheap. Everything is easy. It is silly..."
76561198002666946,Not Recommended,484900,33996994,Posted: 3 August,all,DavidWebb,"Its cute but thats all. Nothing special,nothing new and boring after 30 minutes. Not recommended."
76561197996229518,Recommended,484900,34371474,Posted: 20 August,all,CaptnColon,"This is a great city building game. It realy is worth the $$$. Yes it has all the basics. Visualy quality is great!! Does it go into great depth? A little. But its not a Simcity fail game either. If you pay attention to the updates (which has been common every 2 -3weeks) you will see the developers are getting the base right!!! (fixing many small bugs and addressing community suggestions). They have also annouced a free DLC patch, which should provide more in depth. Id prefer to pay the low cost of a basic game and watch it grow than pay top dollar for a game that fails and never really gets any attention from the corpoate company. The developers here show a great interest in the community. With that in mind just be patient, read the updates and enjoy the game."
76561197986695815,Recommended,484900,33798294,Posted: 25 July,all,genin32,"A very well put together colony builder. It moves at a logical and comfortable pace and, so far, is a relaxing and fun experience. If you are a fan of the genre or just need a good game to play this is it. It has a  lot of potential for future development while already delivering on the core elements of colony builders. I am looking forward to seeing where they take it."
76561198007300752,Not Recommended,484900,33820850,Posted: 26 July,all,Blackadar,"I preordered this game because I love builders. I sadly returned it.I'm pretty mixed on this one. I almost kept it but ultimately I returned it after 80 minutes of gameplay so I certainly didn't see everything.The game seems to be fairly well polished. It ran smoothly (though my colony didn't get big enough to push the engine) and the UI is straight out of Cities: Skylines which means it's fine. There's a good amount of info available to a player to determine how their colony is progressing and there are a fair amount of systems (air, water, food, energy, production, etc.). The tutorial is well done and the game introduces you to new buildings in a very measured manner. A lot of thought went into getting new players into the game.The graphics are okay but they look nicer in still screenshots than they seem when the game is running. There's just a hint of blur in the buildings that is distracting as heck to me. Still, they're more than acceptable. The real problem is that they're quite static. There's very little visual feedback in the game. In a game like Anno, you get to see buildings upgrade and downgrade depending on how well you're providing services. Not here and it makes the colony lifeless. And while the art is fairly well done, many buildings look quite similar.I could live with all of that. After all, the gameplay is the thing. And that's where it fell a bit short for me. It really didn't click for two reasons:(1) The mechanics felt shallow. Have lightning? Build a lightning rod building (whatever it was called). Problem solved. Need food? Just make another corn farm. There's a bunch of different things to grow but I never found a reason (beyond trade agreements) to do so. Need power? Slap on another solar panel. Yes, this is how every building game is but the only reason placement seemed to matter was to crowd everything together. Thus it's more a puzzle than a builder. Structures seem to influence the colony as a whole but I never saw any negative impact from putting an industrial type building next to a residential one. It seems that as long as the colonists can get to work that's all that matters.(2) I could still deal with the first problem if not for the second (and perhaps vice versa), which is that becuase there aren't beautifcation needs, there's no aesthetic need here, there's no real layout that needs to be achieved the sense of creation just wasn't there for me.The combination of both of those is a real problem for me. When I play a game like this, I either want a sense of achievement by designing a well-oiled machine or a sense of beautiful creation of something special and unique. The best games in this genre (SC4, Banished, Anno 1404) gave me both. Aven Colony really didn't give me either. I never felt like my creation was special nor was it difficult to make.Now it's not a bad game and perhaps, with some enhancements, the game will achieve one or both of these. But there's some real polishing of the gameplay mechanics to be done if that is ever going to happen. And after an hour and a half I had a real desire just to go play Skylines or Banished. For a game that's selling for $30, that's not a good sign. So while I'm not writing this off as a total loss, my advice would be to ignore the pretty screenshots and revisit this in 6 months or a year to see if this is worth your time and money."
76561198008895770,Not Recommended,484900,33969297,Posted: 2 August,all,Icey,"I wanted to like this game. I really did. It looks pretty and from what could be seen, it looked like it was fun. And it was fun. I got some enjoyment out of it.Until the messages kept spamming and spamming and spamming and spamming.""SPORES ARE INCOMING!""""PLAUGE IS INCOMING!""""YOUR BUILDING IS INFECTED!""""I HAVE RECEIVED REPORTS THAT YOUR COLONY IS INFECTED""Rinse and repeat. Thankfully, I was able to turn off most of these in the option menu. Even then, the spore and plague message boxes popping up in the MIDDLE of the screen started to irk me a lot.These messages would also close down anything and everything you may be looking at. Looking at the trade? SPORES! Looking at the policies? PLAGUE!Then, there is the resource management. Or, lack of. With no way to limit certain goods, I find that my storage gets flooded with near useless resources, forcing me to destory all of them or else my colonist will start complaining that there is no water. Why does my storage get filled with useless stuff? Because all the rest of the goods are being consumed at a rapid rate that it basically stockpiles itself and takes over.And power. Normally, power should be that thing that you can set and forget, building and upgrading when you need to. In this game, you are constantly building power buildings. You have massive fields of solar panels because of the power loss in winter. And you are building air filters to counter the air pollution, which means you need to build more solar panels. While the good sources of energy are already taken, you are stuck building hundreds of solar panels.There is a good game here. With good potential to be had. As it stands, it skips some things which turn minor annoyances into full on turn offs to play anymore.I hope I can change this into a positive review in the future.Edit: 6/8/2017.Some changes to the pop ups have been made. This is a good change and it has made it a lot easier to play without the constantly bleeping and pop ups.The game still needs to improve though in terms of resource management and many others before I change this to a positive. But I am acknowledging the changes when they happen."
,Not Recommended,484900,34028698,Posted: 4 August,all,Hortnon,"This game honestly isn't very fun. By the time any of your HUD shows that something is wrong it's often too late to do anything about it, and since there is only one auto-save, it's likely you'll have to completely restart the mission. Get in the habit of saving every 2 minutes manually or losing massive amounts of progress."
,Recommended,484900,33795987,Posted: 25 July,all,zichaelpath,"This game is great, definitely one of the better ones I've played recently, there's a lot of management in this game, especially since you have to work around the environment (which has seasons, by the way).  you can monitor your colony, giving a new depth, since you're governing lives.  You can even enact policies for the greater good of your people"
,Recommended,484900,34240353,Posted: 14 August,all,Dave,"LOVED this game!I'm a fan of city-building games like Zeus and Anno 2070, but I don't like a totally free-form sandbox. I want quests and objectives to guide my city building, and this game definitely has that.I'll like a game more for its gameplay than its graphics, but this game is gorgeous. Those videos and screenshots in the product description? Yes, the game actually looks like that when you zoom in.Yes, the game is on the easy side, especially in the first couple of campaign missions at normal difficulty levels. I'm fine with that. You still have plenty of threats to deal with: creep spores, plague spores, shard storms, lightning strikes, sand worms, toxic gas clouds, and (toward the end of the campaign) alien guardians. No, it's not cripplingly difficult to deal with all of these threats, but if you don't account for them, you're going to have a bad day.You've also got an adequate number of needs to manage to keep your population happy and keep from getting voted out of a job: food, water, power, air quality, workers, housing, creating building materials, crime, health care, entertainment, retail availability, and commuting distance. If you're not paying attention, you can let something slide too far into the red, which makes your unhappy workers less productive, which makes all of these things worse, which can eventually lead to total colony collapse.The only minus I'd give it would be for replayability. Yes, you can do sandbox maps, but you've already done those maps during the campaign.Can't wait for DLC! :)"
76561198006554612,Recommended,484900,33793246,Posted: 25 July,all,mccanlessjc,simplistic city builder pretty fun though even with very little in regards to structures hardest part is keeping the air clean.
,Recommended,484900,33794118,Posted: 25 July,all,The Techno Union Army,"It's fun and easy to pickup. I did a quick tutorial. I hate tutorials as we all do but it teaches you the bare minimum. I didn't bother with campaign and went straight to sandbox. Jumped in and got going pretty quickly. Its one of those games that not particularly in depth or challenging (at least on a first impression sandbox with generally easier settings applied) but its a good game to just unwind on. Not an edge of your seat high concentration game but one you can casually start a game on for a couple of hours. Next time I intend on putting the difficulty on a lot higher. Seemed a bit too easy to defend the colony from spores.Reminds me of Moon tycoon (2001). A fantastic game from a previous era of gaming where it was just about building something and having a bit of fun, nothing too serious. Though I havent played for very long yet, Aven has a similar feel to it."
76561197988159856,Recommended,484900,33797160,Posted: 25 July,all,[4thTX(Co.B)]Sgt.Tiphys,Realy nice Setting.Love it so far.Game mechanics are just well made.Just thumbs up !
,Recommended,484900,33819447,Posted: 26 July,all,Sick Puppy,"Overrall it's ok. It's not terrible but it's not great due to a few issues. I feel like if you can get it one sale, for sure get it.The good:I felt like it has a very unique take on city building.It's pretty as ♥♥♥♥. Like I very much enjoyed the environment.You can fast forward.The bad:The campaing felt ridiculously repetitive.The dialoge was kind of dull and same with the story. I also would of like to have seen the booty pic that was sent out to everyone but the player on one mission.There is no resource limit so your cities will fill up their storage and stop producing everything else.The cities some how become a mass cult and comite suicide when happines is too low. Basically they stop doing essential work to maintain their lives because I'm sad so others around them get sad and it spreads much faster than the ingame virus lol."
76561198010982951,Not Recommended,484900,34427321,Posted: 22 August,all,chad,"Was a fun game for the first three or four missions, now it crashes non-stop.  There are to many bugs and issues to enjoy what could be a decent game."
76561197987788940,Recommended,484900,33831562,Posted: 27 July,all,FantasticDamgae,"I am a bit surprised by half the reviews here - the game had a demo and numerous playthroughs on Youtube that show what you are getting. In my opinion the game does not disappoint at all - quite the opposite. I find it very immersive, tending to keep my attention even through the longer missions. Many things are eased off compared to names like Cities: Skylines or Anno but I think that was the idea behind a futuristic colony builder, so you can get busy with other aspects of the game. The balance feels good, demanding you to decide between expansion, survival, well-being of the colony. Graphics and storyline are right on point, controls and UI feel fluid and well made. Pretty sure my only disappointment with this game will be when I finish the last mission I would crave more maps!If you are into colony management games this is one of the best games out there currently, I highly recommend it!"
,Recommended,484900,33791524,Posted: 25 July,all,dylan-aka-shaddorry,"Great game, very polished, found no glitches and was hooked to it for 3 hours. It starts easy but the more the player progresses, the harder it gets."
76561197992600412,Recommended,484900,33822903,Posted: 26 July,all,RavensDaemon,"Yes you should definitely get Aven Colony, despite the reviews it is complex, I just unlocked expeditions and I'm flying around exploring...you have to balance housing buildings with worker buildings distance or your people get unhappy... making sure you have enough food for the winter, making sure you have enough workers in general."
,Recommended,484900,33832528,Posted: 27 July,all,BbxShotter2994,Very good game. Love the campain. Enjoy it
,Recommended,484900,33798679,Posted: 25 July,all,DerelictJustice,It's not the most in-depth city buidler on the market but it's definitely fun. What it lacks depth it makes up for in polish. It's a very smooth experience with gorgeous graphics and easy UI navigation. The dialogue in the campaign is entertaining too which I didn't expect. Also there are quite a few more maps than I expected. I was going in wanting 3-4 different biomes but there seem to be about twice that. Nice surprise for sure. Is it worth the full $30 price tag? I don't know quite yet. But I'm definitely enjoying it a ton and will play it many more hours in the near future.
76561198031302987,Recommended,484900,33917216,Posted: 30 July,all,jagdtiger,"I was worried about the many bad reviews, but after playing about half of the campaig, you know what? I actually like it.The thing it reminds me most of is the old game Space Colony, except you actually manage a whole colony instead of babysitting a dozen individuals. You'll build houses and workshops, instead of beds and desks, but... kinda same idea. You have some goals you must eventually achieve to unlock the next mission. You get free hand to do whatever you want to do in between, but eventually you'll have to get around to doing the mission goal too.The graphics are actually nice. They look SF, but believable SF. The buildings, the uniforms, the ships, the alien flora and fauna, everything looks and moves plausibly. And it runs pretty smoothly even in 4k resolution, but then again I'm on a GTX 1080 Ti, so that's kinda expected.The game starts fairly easy on Normal difficulty, if you're any good at city building. In fact, the first two missions are pretty much just a less guided continuation of the tutorial, to let new players get their bearings. But it slowly ramps up the challenge. So anyone who got butthurt that the second mission said it was mining, but they still had farmland within spitting distance (as at least one reviewer did), just have a bit more patience. You'll eventually have to spread your colony farther, manage commute and local unemployment, manage your energy and resources more carefully, and even get your colonists higher than kites to keep them happy enough to vote for you.Not that it ever became actually hard, on Normal difficulty, so far. But then again, most city builders these days aren't particularly hard if you have any idea what you're doing. E.g., in Cities Skylines you're swimming in cash fairly soon in the game even without raising the taxes, unless you're deliberately trying to go broke.But of course it also has a wide range of difficulty levels too, ranging from Cakewalk to Insanity. So you can tune it to your liking, if it gets too hard or too easy. I haven't tried Insanity yet, but I did a mission on Cakewalk just to see the difference. And, yeah, it is exactly what it says on the tin: cakewalk.I must say, though, you must complete each mission at least on Normal to get the achievement for the mission. If you care about achievements, that it. Otherwise, if you just want to get to the next bit of the story, Cakewalk difficulty unlocks the next mission just as well.My main complaint so far is the same as for Banished: that the game doesn't seem to have some of the automation features that were in in 90's games, like Pharaoh or First Emperor. I mean, you do get a ton of overlays, and can set the priorities yourself, but there seems to be no such thing as ""store no more than 2000 wheat"".Which brings me to the advice: learn very quickly to use the overlays, and don't be afraid to turn buildings on or off (e.g., there's not much point in keeping 4 people working a farm in winter), or tweak their employment priorities. E.g., don't be afraid to tweak the employment priority of the immigration centres way up if you're short on colonists. In the long run, 3 more people there will help you more than 3 more people manning the farm. And for that matter, don't be afraid to build more than one early."
76561198045271963,Recommended,484900,33817593,Posted: 26 July,all,Hunter McKnight,A really enjoyable citybuilder in a nice environment.+Really nice graphical style+Runs really well+Great VO+Logical building+Enjoyable timewaster-Storymode is driven almost completely by questsIll update when I play more of the game (7 hours in right now)
,Recommended,484900,33818210,Posted: 26 July,all,Mycoxapholpin,"I've heard people compair the game to Tropico. I have never played Tropico, but if what they say is true, I'll pick up that game too. The game has a lot of depth and is quite challenging. I'm excited to play it some more.Pro's:Beautifull Art workWell done tutorialCampain as well as sandbox modeHave not found a bug after 14 hours of game playLots of maps to play onUI gives all the information you need to succeed in the gameCon'sNo multiplayerI would like the maps to be a little biggerI'm not a big fan of being voted outNor am I a big fan of the people protesting, If you don't do your job you die.A score of 1-10 I give this game an 8.5"
,Recommended,484900,33947376,Posted: 1 August,all,Octrups,"I sat with this on my watch list for weeks.  I wanted Aven Colony in my life.  Astroneer, Planetbase, Spacebase DF9, all had tormented me some way or another.I was crestfallen to see the wave of negative reviews.  It was a big decision.  What if it's no good, what if it's riddled with bugs, what if it's abandoned by the developers.It was against my rules to early adopt, a sucker paying to beta test. I told myself I should hold off another month or so.BUT. IT. IS. SCIFI. BASE. BUILDING.♥♥♥♥ that.  I tapped in my CSC.  Took a deep draught of my tea and filled my disk.No regrets, am just over half way through the campaign.  It's base building.  It's well made.  I've drunk a lot of tea since I first opened it."
,Recommended,484900,33914032,Posted: 30 July,all,Malcheior Sveth,"A fun little city management game in the vein of Anno 2070 or Banished. Definitely doesn't seem to have the depth that Anno had, however. At least in the campaign, there's very little need to think deeply about building placement beyond making sure you have some housing buildings vaguely near all the places that need workers.Still, it shows a lot of promise, and the polish is top tier. Visuals and music are really well done. Overall an enjoyable and relaxing experience."
,Recommended,484900,33800744,Posted: 25 July,all,Jater,Very good game!
76561198032153574,Recommended,484900,33816556,Posted: 26 July,all,jedbears,"I am loving it !!!I really enjoy city builders/resource managers, Aven Colony has stunning graphics and has been very addicting for me so far.For me it is simular to a futuristic Banished with Anno graphics."
,Recommended,484900,33913732,Posted: 30 July,all,wolfie_inu,"PRO:+  Adventurous setting, exotic locales+ Generates beautiful sci-fi utopias through gameplay (or dystopias, depending on how you play ;)+ Simple supply chains with few opportunities for death spirals make for a less stressful game+ Alien dangers keep life interesting, but are not frustratingly unfairMID:= Lack of complexity in supply chains might be unattractive to some players - this is closer toCities: SkylinesorSimCitythan toAnnoorFactorio- but others might find it preferable= Cities reach critical mass for inevitable success relatively quickly compared to some other games, making the missions/sandboxes more short-lived than some players might expect (a common subjective complaint forCities: Skylinesas well)= Story and characters are an acquired tasteCON:- Campaign mission objectives are often too hand-holding, contrived, or outright counterproductive- Could use more overlays, such as for seeing which areas are served by medical or entertainment facilities after the structures have been placed- Minor balancing issues which make some buildings (e.g. air intakes) basically useless will hopefully be adjusted by patches"
76561198030783528,Recommended,484900,33895151,Posted: 29 July,all,Alverant,"I'm only about four levels in and it's a fun game. It's good about introducing game mechanics as you go progress in the campaign mode. There is room for improvement though. It does do many things right. For example it lets you get skip ahead in the list of objectives. Like if you build a trading ship platform before you're told to, the task is automatically marked as done when you receive it. You don't have to build a second platform. I found the story and characters to be engaging for the type of game this is. It's involved without getting too complicated like in Sim City.Recommended for those who like city building games but don't want to get bogged down in details. Also good for older computers that don't have the latest and greatest hardware. The game runs fine on my Intel Core i7 920 @ 2.67GHz machine (but I did buy more RAM before the game came out)."
76561198116282217,Recommended,484900,33894766,Posted: 29 July,all,Silent Solo,More fast paced then most civilization games just played for 5 hours and it went by like that.
,Recommended,484900,33961440,Posted: 1 August,all,Shadow Word: Death,"It's okay for what it is, reminds me of a streamlined Stronghold in space. I've enjoyed my time with it, just relaxing while watching videos in the other monitor."
,Recommended,484900,34115010,Posted: 8 August,all,Kaiser Kane,"It's not perfect and in fact this is the first game I wish I could rate as a 'maybe'. The game does show excellent potential, but is simply let down by some design decisions. However the devs are working furiously to pump out patches to correct the issues, so give it a few months and check back in."
76561198030961282,Recommended,484900,34448456,Posted: 23 August,all,El Dudemeister,"Really fun citybuilding game.  Can be pretty casual if you want it to be, and on the harder difficulties it takes some planning and foresight to do well.  Developers seem to be releasing bug fixes, performance enhancements, and quality-of-life updates on a pretty regular basis, and as of the time of this writing they're talking about new features but it's still early.Maybe not as complex and nuanced as some of the more involved city builders, but the graphics are great, the music is fun, and the gameplay feels fairly focused and no more ""grindy"" than you want it to be."
,Recommended,484900,33951538,Posted: 1 August,all,Pseudonym,"Does the job, but little more.If you enjoy the genre, there is fun to be found here.  However, while a lot of obvious effort went into this game, it feels misplaced.  The old Impressions Games citybuilders are still prettier, better written, simultaneously more complex and more elegant, and have 10x as much content.  I regret falling for the hype and paying full price for this game.  With improvements to UI and system balancing, this game might reach a 7/10, but more than that will take some major work."
,Not Recommended,484900,33832794,Posted: 27 July,all,Tatsumasa,"Edit: since some people can't be bothered to read comments. I put in a lot of time in beta and demo, but I wanted to give the release a chance but it was not much different from my other experiences with it. So when you see the .3 hours on here try not to lose your **** and post an idiotic comment.As far as colony builders go, this game feels very shallow. It is just a constant balance of on screen meters... Need more water? Okay build water extractor. Okay now I need more electricity. Build geo thermal vent. Okay now need more workers... you get the picture.The main problem stems from just how generic everything feels. For example, anyone can do any job as long as their house is close enough to the building that needs them. There is no management of how they get there to add extra complexity like you would see in traffic simulators of other such games.Additionally, you don't feel rewarded at all or get any sense of progress for your people. By this I reference something like Sim City, Anno, or even something as old as the Caesar games--when your people get what they need they will automatically upgrade their houses and you actually see your city look cooler and feel like you are making progress. Not so here. You can just click on their house and if you have enough nanites you can just click upgrade and you get generic looking building #27 upgraded to hold more people.There is just not any thing here to sit back and admire, it just feels like you are balancing a spreadsheet with animated GIFs that aren't even that cool to look at. I honestly don't know how they could fix this as the core of the game is flawed in this sense... something like buildings upgrading automatically when they have needs fulfilled could be a start, but as it is now this just feels too shallow to be worth investing any time in. The story is a cool addition, but from what I experienced, it quickly became more of a nuisance where I stopped to listen to something I didn't care about instead of tending to my city."
76561198000234049,Recommended,484900,33817169,Posted: 26 July,all,HatMaus,"Creep spore sighted...Plague spore incoming....Toxic gas clouds are heading your way....A plague spore has entered your colony....Shard storm on the way.....Gimme a bweakOverall a decent game, maps are very similar but do offer a slightly different feel and challange, some of the missions during the campaign are very annoying -for example - extending your base far enough to reach a cargo pod - you could spend a good 150-200 nanites (in game currency) doing this and only get 5-10 as a reward.....The other annoying thing is say you've built a large storage depot - you will then get a mission to build a small one later on even though you dont need it, it seems like there's a set number of missions and all based around building things - so by the time you've done a few maps you'll naturally know what to build and skip the smaller less important buildings only to be asked to build them..which gets a bit annoying if you are tight on cash or saving for something else...I have done the 4 maps after tutorial and it definitley gets harder - it seems to be after the 5th or 6th Sol everything tries to kill you at once.I would recommend this game but the lack of variety in the missions, and you could say the lack of map variety apart from Grass/ Desert/Snow could put people off and get bored quick7/10 Hats"
,Recommended,484900,33810592,Posted: 26 July,all,Tears of Destiny,"The more I played it, the more it grew on me. The game starts out simple enough, the first campaign is rather easy as it basically serves as your introduction to the core concepts before you get to do things such as explore and send out expeditions, the later missions increase in difficulty from a combination of environment, ""events,"" monsters as well as added mechanical complexity from new mechanics.It definitely has a unique identity and is not trying to emulate other colony building games.With that said, I am interested in seeing future support for the game, as currently the colonists don't do much more than talk to each other and walk to and from work. I would like to see them add interaction with the work itself, or perhaps even color code colonists based on their jobs even, instead of a random look. I also am hoping for more buildings in the future, with proper tech tree unlocks as the majority seem available from the beginning, which is a bit dissapointing. Mainly I am asking for more feedback, as for example if the crime in an area is high, then I'd like to see graffiti on the walls or broken windows or people getting robbed.It makes for a fun and relaxing game, but probably is best suited for those who want to approach it from a Macro perspective, with no combat, and treat each mission as a puzzle of sorts."
,Recommended,484900,35017450,Posted: 17 September,all,TOG | Monde,I have to say that I came in pretty blind on this game. I was looking for a game like Banished but with a few more options. While it is not as brutal as Banished can be it is a lot of fun. It ticks a few boxes but I still haven't found a true sandbox game that ticks all the boxes.Having said that I would definitely recommend this for an enjoyable experience.
,Recommended,484900,33800103,Posted: 25 July,all,jkund17,"I've only played the first couple of missions but I've nothing bad to say about it. It's great graphics, music. And it has live stats of colony that can be moved around on the screen, sorta of like Banished. I honeslty don't see and or notices a lot the cons others are talking about. Maybe their playing on a too easy of a difficulty? Can't wait to see what the dev do with this game!"
,Recommended,484900,33940456,Posted: 31 July,all,Bokor,"Despite the early “mixed” reviews here on Steam, I feel like Aven Colony is a pretty solid, if fairly simple, city builder.There are some light RTS-like elements that spice things up, but for the most part this is a fairly standard city building game slapped with colonization theme.There is a fairly lengthy single-player campaign with various scenarios to test you and take you out of your comfort zone. I really enjoyed having to find places to grow food, and expanding out to find enough of that space to feed my colony. I especially enjoyed the later missions where you amass expedition ships to hunt down religious fanatics. Some of the later missions can be long and a little unforgiving on harder difficulties. Save early and often.Aven Colony has fun, but somewhat slow but relaxing gameplay that is relatively easy to get into. The UI leaves something to be desired, though.  There isn’t too much mechanical depth, but what is here is mostly smooth and fun.There were some pretty noticeable and annoying bugs.  Sometimes my colony tunnels would disappear after I reloaded a game and my mouse would sometimes stop working when entering menus or the expedition screen, making me have to unplug and plug back in my mouse.If the theme suits you, this is not a bad choice for the price. If it gets cheaper later, then it’s something that’s definitely worth picking up. It’s a solid game, and if you enter it with measured expectations you will not be disappointed.Check out my Third Coast Review coverage of Aven Colony here:https://thirdcoastreview.com/2017/07/31/game-review-aven-colony/"
76561198022002201,Recommended,484900,34029632,Posted: 4 August,all,Kiyalynn,"I find this game to be a very good city builder, better than many city builders of late. It involves choices that as your colony gets bigger may mean the difference between success and defeat. I found the campaign to be chalanging and fun even on normal difficulty, and look forward to chalenging myself more on higher difficulty. I have really appricated that when my city colapses I realize it is not the fault of my citizen's AI but my stratagy, a refreshing change from many city builders.Pro's -- Miromanagement challange, with so many things demanding your attention miromanaging them all is a constant need thoughout the game.- Intresting senerio's and storyline for Campain mode.- Sandbox mode that lets you build to your heart's content.- Beautiful graphics.- You can ignore quests/missions all you want, they will compleate even if you did what they requested before getting the quest.Con's- Limited Trade options - They expand more in sandbox but they are still too limited for my taste."
76561198378975125,Recommended,484900,35147246,Posted: 23 September,all,howlingmaddy,Simple and fun
76561198060363597,Recommended,484900,34990964,Posted: 16 September,all,lil_Black,Quite enjoyable and satisfying.
76561198216506209,Recommended,484900,34064669,Posted: 6 August,all,youjamwithme,I fully enjoy playing Aven Colony. The graphics are beautiful and the gameplay is fairly relaxing. I like that it has multiple difficulty setting for every level so you can really pick your challenge. I have played one level on insane but I mostly found it more tedious than anything so I probably will not play it on that level again. It does have a limited technology tree and the sandbox could really use some extra variation but overall I enjoy it and I look forward to seeing what else they do with it. The trade system could also use an overhaul.I know a lot of people compare it to Anno and I don't really see why. Anno is more of a civilization builder where Aven colony is definitely city oriented. I can see if you wanted another Anno you'd be dissapointed by Aven Colony.
76561198239614840,Recommended,484900,35360602,Posted: 30 September,all,SGT,fun game but DONT PAY FULL PRICE...not worth 30$....get it on sale
,Recommended,484900,34050838,Posted: 5 August,all,FermionAce,"Fun game, and the alien setting gives it a bit more personality than a typical city-builder game. Perhaps not as complicated as other city-builders, but by no means a casual game. Very polished. High production value."
76561198023728718,Recommended,484900,34038413,Posted: 5 August,all,d.smith52,"I like this game, it looks great, playability is fine overall an enjoyable experience. There are some problems though it needs a facility to generate random maps, the colonists have no children so no education production line. I note some reviewers have said its too simple but I have found ,certainly in the sandbox mode , that when you have over 200 colonists its quite challenging."
76561198030272279,Recommended,484900,34421879,Posted: 22 August,all,Miyagi,"Hmmmm - I don't see why all the criticism? Sure, this is not as Complex as ""Eve Online"" - BUT compared to it's revival ""Planet Base"" - This is much better! 30 Euro's is a BIT much for this game, if you ask me (Normal price), i bought this on sales for 10-15 Euro's, which i definitely think it's worth!."
76561197991389707,Recommended,484900,33851113,Posted: 28 July,all,Cpt America,"Aven Colony is a very good Sim City, Tropico or the Anno series like game.The game has very good graphics and nice futuristic background music.It is possible to choose easy, normal and hard difficulty levels. The campaign starts with rather easy maps with enough minerals and fertile land, and becomes harder later with desert or snow maps. It is possible to trade with the colony ship in the orbit of the planet Aven to get goods and ressources, that can't be produced on the ground. The citizens of the colony begin to demand elections, once the sice of the colony becomes more than 100. Its important, to keep them more than 50% happy to be reelected. A good variety of food, low crime, entertainment and short distances to work keep the people happy. It is possible to build a research lab and to research new technologies for the colony.The latest patches have greatly improved the game. The trade system could be better. The game needs permanent trade contracts for the import of metals or nanites in exchange for food or enhancers.Aven Colony is one of my favourite games. I recommend it to everybody who likes games like Anno or Tropico. Who isn't sure whether to buy this game, should take a look at the ""let's play Aven Colony vidoes on YouTube""."
,Not Recommended,484900,33854877,Posted: 28 July,all,Gamphar,"Hmm I think Anno 1404 game with sci-fi theme and a lot features striped? ahahaha.Seriously this game just for someone who like to relax and enjoy the tiny bit casual management mechanics and how the colony expanding?+++++++ Cheaper. than. modern. anno. hehehe.+ So far no bug? and no crash, YAY!+ Up to 8x game speed, and allow pause queue command... hahaha damn I don't know how to call it.= Expedition planetary map.. YES!...uh... but too simple, player can research equipments for the ship like adding medbay, energy shield, nuke?, etc, but all you can do is choose the target type of expedition and the ship with her crew will go there, oh you can changed the ship target in the middle of expedition, later when the ship return either you got random resources added to your storage or half of the crew end up dead with damaged ship. Repeat.= No family in colony?= No function to overwrite save game?.... no biggie actually, but somehow my mind playing trick on me..... I can see the dev was grinning to me with tired face and shouting ""BUL'TAR!!!"" while raising an ax and start running around punching money tree in pajama, yeah somewhat annoying...- Few map to play around.- Remember the tower defense mechanic you see from store page's gameplay video? ... it is just 1 type of plasma turret ... sofar, yeah...cewa.- Winter coming real quick...Economic and resource management note := No money involved, so you can hire as many worker as you like as long as your food and water can support. So how to buy resource that not present in the map? well, back to the past by using barter system, so yeah, future technology with prehistoric economic? but looking at this was colonization effort then this makes sense right? hahaha- You can not choose what items you want to trade with at, instead there is fixed list of trade, so if your items not listed in the trade or you think not interesting enough then good luck with your storage management and manufacture plan. yeah fixed trade items... somewhat annoying.- Food production meter only calculated from farming?, so if player rely on trading then food meter only shown up as minus value which is really disturbing, or do I need really bigger trade port? like 99? wew.- Annoying water resource/fertile land overlay, because the more blue or green the color not always representing a higher value of resources that can be gathered.Building management note := No multiple specific materials needed to construct a building, all you need is Tiities... errr Nanites and worker drones, and BAM Tiities... errr Cities.- No power rerouting or power priority... so if the main power is down and you don't have power batteries or your batteries is dead then ... good bye, yeah the effect was devastating for just a... casual gameplay.- Can't deactivate temp unused building. You can only deactivate it when your power supply is below demanded power which is ~kinda annoying.- Can't change upgrade priority on building. Workaround is by manually setting up one-by-one all created tasks to lowest priority... ~are you crazy or what?- No means for transportation, so player will end up to always constructing new house and wasted more power. Oh, you can not at least lowering power consumption on house/habitat to life-support-only in case of emergency... so if player main power supply not functioning due to infestation and player is low on nanites then ... good luck purging all link to power leecher.Visual and immersion note :+ Colony will talk, tough a bit repetitive, at least not some grumble jibber-jabber like in other games... hahahaha.+ The Voice Actor in story mode is good, somewhat making the game less boring?... idk.+ The background scenery was really good, to bad the camera angle was limited.= The flora was enough variants but the placement somewhat ... well, not interesting enough? dammit I don't know how to turn it into a words ahahahaha...= Vibrant map but small and kinda dead.- No building variant on the same tier. Well this was dev choice, but I think this game need a bit building variant... to ease up the boredom.... DLC? hehehe hurry up Boss!- Building rotation is random, player can not do it manually, so if player trying to get somewhat symmetric layout, well.... good luck with your angry management.- Only 1 park type... and do you know how the colony relax in the park? well... they just walking around in circle blabbing something and then go out....- Lack of interaction with environment, like using vegetation nearby for something-something, all you can do is mine scattered minerals, using natural geothermal vent to generate energy, and put water pump on flat soil.- Lack of passive fauna. So far I only see dragonfly-thing and some kind of bird-thing with really annoying looping sound. For aggressive ones so far found them 3, giant worm, flying brain?, and flying ball of goo? what the hell is that?- No colony interaction with environment? they just go straight to inside building sometimes I heard they chat each other but no figure animation so I feel like playing a dead city with zombies walking around and ghost whispering here and there...- Gameplay music is kinda meh after lot of loops?.... I mean I try to listen to the loop ""lady of the wood"" the witcher 3 and the humming loop march song? 'Organon' of deponia and not getting bored at all.... maybe got different taste than the dev.- All products from manufacture building are instantly stored in storage...- No decoration item/building...- No night map, no day/night cycles?There is more ,,, Oh well, I did enjoy the game after tutor level but after reaching frozen land got ticked of and start playing sandbox and again ticked of by accident that I can't reroute power.... ugh so annoying.And since this is not EA game so ... maybe I just playing too much Anno 1404....Truly, game only for casual player... with high wisdom stat! and multiple colored layer of patience bars reaching to the top of the screens muahahahahahaha.Hey dev, add interesting DLC with some new game mechanic? so I can ignore the negative and put a positive thumb up, kay? :)"
76561198034574669,Not Recommended,484900,33815161,Posted: 26 July,all,Merku,"First off how do I put it kindly. The game is too easy. Way way too easy. Inshort your likely not to mess up unless trying to deliberatlely.Redundant buildings that offer nothing but micro mangaging for the sake of micro managing. Example farms vs greenhouses. The Farms produce nothing durring the winter, the green houses are only reduced in output durring the winter. Also the regular farms do not produce more then green houses.Eletricity generation. Only two types of power generation mater. Geo thermal and the end game power plant. To use the other options you need both wind and solar generaters as well as battery structures since they produce less durring the winter. Meanwhile the first two types I mentioned always produce 100% at all times.Though the worst offense of this game isn't so easily explained. I've played Banished. I've played Planet base. Had fun with both games and been itching for another similar game with better AI.But regardless how you skin the cat this game is boring. It's pretty with not much going on."
76561198034814140,Recommended,484900,33842489,Posted: 27 July,all,Shakespeare,"A good foundation with enough content to keep you happy for good while, hopefully the devs support this with a mix of free and paid quality content updates"
76561198089212488,Not Recommended,484900,34985726,Posted: 15 September,all,Dundee,"A) I'm bad at explaining myself:Extremely repetitive and lacks any real challenge.The only challenge is ""don't spend too much before your map runs out of resources"" = spend too much = restart map. I dispise that mechanic.Each new map didn't present anything new other than the look. There was no new resources to discover, or new buildings to unlock, or any new/better way of doing what you're already doing.It's Extremely pretty, would make a great screensaver.But my experience was, ""build a building"" wait, stare at pretty things; Repeat.Just interesting enough to get past the refund time limit.By map 3 I was bored to death and uninstalled it."
76561198006796271,Recommended,484900,34649681,Posted: 31 August,all,The Englishman,"Great Game, Great Free LC!"
,Not Recommended,484900,34784521,Posted: 6 September,all,Ulthar,"This game looks like it should be awesome.Equal parts Anno 2205 and Sim City perhaps?I've always wanted a Sim City that was really focused on the future and not just a reskin.Sadly, this is not that (either).I wish the developers would play Anno 2205 and they woudl say ""Wow, we should have made something like this!!""The tradeing alone in Anno 2205 is far more complex.One of the old games a lot of people go back to was going to be created by Sierra back in the 1990s. It was called ""outpost""The game was nothing like the strategy guide (that got released much earlier than the game). The strategy guide promised something that I think we've all been waiting for since it came out and what I was hoping for here. Another game called ""Alien Legacy"" came very close (also Sierra)Put together your colony ship before you leave Earth (that would be cool), make decisions about the staff you are going to bring with you and then when you get there have events pop up about exploration teams, rebellions, discoveries, etc.""A referendum on morale"" where if you don't hit over 70 within a certain time frame is overly simplistic. ""Okay, here are more bars"", boom morale goes up.Its more of a puzzle game where you try to find the mix of the right rooms in the right order and not much else.I want a sandbox to create on an alien world. Let me have a colony ship in orbit and multiple colony sites, let me feel like a real planetary governer dealing with colonial beauracracy, etc."
,Recommended,484900,34907249,Posted: 12 September,all,RE_Stringer,good fast fun game!
76561198062090701,Recommended,484900,34686442,Posted: 2 September,all,atjvr,Awesome game. Well worth the money paid for the game. The Dev's are brilliant with updates etc.
76561198157108921,Recommended,484900,34132834,Posted: 9 August,all,Ravenleijn,When I first say this game when it was not yet out I didn't think I do be liking this.It looked like the Anno games that I played but after a while I got to curious and got it any way and fell in love with the game.Even though it might look like any Anno game it is different and you have to have a bit of a stragagy ability as for placing building. It is a challange at times but I love the game and would recommend it if you like this type of game.
76561198127057589,Recommended,484900,33822101,Posted: 26 July,all,WalebKassa,"Aven Colony is an amazing representation for a scifi city builder. While it is a bit challenging to learn at first, the multitude of environments on the planet is super entertaining and fun. While there are certainly some issues that need to be fixed overall  this game turned out pretty well."
76561198002551780,Recommended,484900,33932132,Posted: 31 July,all,attorger,"Just compelted story line on normal setting - 34hrs of gameplay. Some chalange at this level , but not overly demanding. Game is fun, Good story line, Nice graphics. No crashing/bugs that i noticed.  Aprox $1/hr gameplay - worth it? UP to you, i felt that i got my moneys worth , but still would have liked more of a story and a few more rounds ......."
76561198030898128,Recommended,484900,33934621,Posted: 31 July,all,Boogerspoon,"This game is great! It's a space version of simcity. If you like city builders then this is a fun game for you. I would love to see some more variety of building, but i am really enoying it otherwise. Look forward to future content additions that have been hinted at by the devs."
,Not Recommended,484900,33795803,Posted: 25 July,all,Fugu,"Very basic and generic, in what you can achieve."
76561198059776357,Recommended,484900,33840121,Posted: 27 July,all,Spyro,"So far it's been a very enjoyable experience. Definitely has a more casual feel about it, however I'm sure it will get a lot more complex in later missions!"
,Recommended,484900,34694898,Posted: 2 September,all,McArren,Great start. And I see some dedication from devs to improve an already good game. Definitely worth a try!
,Recommended,484900,33817984,Posted: 26 July,all,Doctor Volkkolva,"As a huge fan of the Tropico series, I could not find one thing to complain about. Great music and a pleasant atmosphere. The gameplay itself is a bit simplified but with a larger colony comes more responsibility. If they keep adding onto this game (free or otherwise) I could become great."
76561197970541127,Recommended,484900,33824287,Posted: 26 July,all,Kellis,"- The music and graphics don't really stand out, but are good enough to get the job done.  No slowdowns or framerate issues.- The structure requirements are relatively simple, rather than having some sort of deep map to follow to unlock 'deeper' buildings.  Instead, it's up to you to decide which structures you need, and why, and to not waste resources on something that won't help, yet.- Distance matters.  You can't plop buildings randomly, as travel distance between home and work can cause..issues.It's fairly simple, overall, but has been enjoyable, regardless.  There are still a few points that I'd like to see polished - resource management being the main one  It would be nice to be able to set maximum stocks, rather than having to watch to make sure storage isn't overrun.."
,Recommended,484900,33809684,Posted: 26 July,all,Kai,Fun and entertaining. I'm enjoying it so far!It feels like something in-between Anno and Space Colony!Would recommend!
,Recommended,484900,33809823,Posted: 26 July,all,drkillgreedy,"Game is great. Just enough micromanagement to feel complex, but not too complex. Wish there was a map editor mode, or even just more maps."
76561198129117722,Recommended,484900,33938534,Posted: 31 July,all,Atomic GrizzlyYT,"Very fun game! Reminds me of a city game which I love. If that is your type of game, I reccomend buying it! Definatley worth 30 dollars!"
76561198267741405,Recommended,484900,35011767,Posted: 16 September,all,Warmack,Game is Waaay to easy   played my map on extreme difficulty weather didnt even bother me guess its ok for a few hours
76561198084924565,Recommended,484900,33809983,Posted: 26 July,all,Nerf Herder,"Where's the Beer!!This is a great game, if you like colony management - and scifi.  one thing I noticed however was the lack of alcoholic drinks...  I watched several lets plays in anticipation of this game.  Beer and Vodka were in the game, and colonists would get addicted to the ""Space drugs"" and riot when supply was out.  I like mature aspects to games, and was dissapointed by this."
76561198105896035,Not Recommended,484900,34838201,Posted: 9 September,all,Unflinching Anthropophobic,"Fun for a short time but the micro-management mechanics begin to get tedious. The colonists are all generic looking and acting. It would've been fun if there was a more in-depth element to the elections and managing the social dynamics. However, all of that is reduced to getting resources and meeting simplistic demands through tick boxes. In short, there is no sense of depth and that limits the immersiveness of the game."
76561198404813326,Recommended,484900,33794441,Posted: 25 July,all,Rebel Merc,TOO COOL!!! The graphics and controls are awesome! Love this game and can see it will be one of my favorites for years to come! If you like sci-fi and love to build and manage stuff in a future setting you will love this game!
,Not Recommended,484900,33793920,Posted: 25 July,all,Crvnch,"Not fun. Wasn't making any interesting choices and decisions about where to build things, which is basically a requirement for this genre."
76561198411894055,Not Recommended,484900,34568466,Posted: 28 August,all,goldschlager78,Not very happy. Game has crashed within 30 seconds of the load up screen...have contacted custmore support...an havent gotten a response yet.
76561198011420112,Not Recommended,484900,33793686,Posted: 25 July,all,Sadface,"Colony looks abandoned unless using the cameras, I like to see my colony active, with people doing tasks and going about their day, they are there but its not noticeble, the whole place looks abandoned.The graphics maxed out look like something from 2004, this would not be so important if the gameplay had more depth but its easy, and simple, I played for under an hour, had a big working colony and was bored, no challenge, no depth, no life.I refunded unfortunately, I don't like to leave bad reviews but its needed."
76561198004988963,Recommended,484900,33924110,Posted: 31 July,all,Yoritomo,"Thanks to SplatterCat, I found this great game."
,Not Recommended,484900,33796705,Posted: 25 July,all,[LLJK]Ragnarokz,"Too simplistic for 30€, refund, I'll be back when it's 50% off. (Edit: I did return when it was on sale, it's still not a terribly replayable game.)The lack of control over storage, the blandness of the citizens themselves, the general lack of building variarity, it all combines to creat this very ""meh"" experience.Anything that removes control from the players, when it is not caused by an external factor, is universially dumb, why the hell can't I put in my own limits on how much is produced of various things? Why can't I create storage areas designated as graneries? Do I need to build more immigration starports to get in more people?A lack of feedback here, if there is a tab somewhere that tells me how attractive my colony is, I sure as fart couldn't find it.If a game doesn't catch me in the first two hours, I get a refund, that's it, a game should catch you within that time limit, especially one that costs 30€.The graphics are fine."
,Recommended,484900,33857667,Posted: 28 July,all,aRandomizer,Game overall is good. Hopping to see what more they bring and what mods pop up.
,Recommended,484900,33919524,Posted: 30 July,all,Techpriest,fun game at day 2 of have the game.  14HOUR
76561198041735958,Not Recommended,484900,33816943,Posted: 26 July,all,somon,Already have Cities: Skyline
76561198049571756,Not Recommended,484900,33941932,Posted: 31 July,all,simple423,just not that great
76561198007223532,Not Recommended,484900,33792986,Posted: 25 July,all,Eyeborn,Same old boring rubbish nothing new don't waste your money.
,Not Recommended,484900,33824786,Posted: 26 July,all,Crazyplum,The game has little to it. Just not enjoyable
76561197965857602,Not Recommended,484900,33817848,Posted: 26 July,all,SLicTa,Unplayable. Mouse problems. Not even able to finish the firsst tutorial because clicking or moving the map is bugged...
,Not Recommended,484900,33827488,Posted: 27 July,all,KeS.HaukiiBaukii,"Not as much fun as I hoped it to be.Refunded after 30 minutes playing, maybe I´ll give it another try later.Right now I personally don´t recommend it."
76561198321891185,Not Recommended,484900,33791332,Posted: 25 July,all,Bowshot118,"I do not normally write reviews for games when I have so little ""Play Time"". But all of my ""Play Time"" has been trying to be loading the game. I have been given the same edvice. Install a bunch of stuff. This has disapointed me as I was looking forward to the game's release. What I have gathered from this experience is have a Really good Gaming PC. (Go Bankrupt). If the game takes so much to get it running then it really should not be open to the general public and should be adverticed to gamers with good equipment. If the problems are fixed I am sure to be changing the review around."
76561198026386095,Not Recommended,484900,33791549,Posted: 25 July,all,erfqfrqe,"Not very feature rich at the moment, However the devs are very active and I've got no doubt that they'll be working on new content as we speak.Despite having such lovely devs, it has a terribly divisive community. How that happened so quickly i have no idea. Out for a fight with anyone who doesnt think the game is the best thing ever."
76561197995821120,Recommended,484900,33791269,Posted: 25 July,all,showmethehuei,Nice.
,Not Recommended,484900,33792317,Posted: 25 July,all,123,"Just keep building whatever when they ask you.----It doesn't take more than 30 minutes to get a feel for the game.  This is a glorified Facebook strat game.  If you want some idea how this game is, it is a scaled down version of Anno 2205.  If you thought Anno 2205 was the crowning achievement of game design, you might like this.  If you thought Ubisoft destroyed the franchise by putting out 2205, you'll hate this.I was playing a pure sandbox playthrough.There's no strategic decisions or tradeoffs you need to consider.  Use of terrain was of little consequence.  Its always (and always will be) X is getting low, build Y to make more X.  Its a very simple design.There's also no pressing emergencies.  Stuff is happening, make building to stop bad stuff.  The end.  At no point did I feel challenged at all and at no point did my colony seem at any real risk of collapse.Yes its relaxing.  My wife is enjoying her copy immensely as she is the ""casual sort"".For me though, I didn't get that good intense feeling where your mind is one with the game trying to constantly make those management decisions.  Instead, I was barely staying awake while clicking the next building to build."
,Not Recommended,484900,33793770,Posted: 25 July,all,قرمُوع,اللعبة قاعد انتظرها مايقارب السنة عشان تصدر من شدة حماسي لها الا انها طلعت زبالة في النهاية.-  اللعبة لا يوجد فيها اي تحدي بمجرد ان تبني برجين مياء وكم  مزرعة و4 منشات اوكسجين وكم منجم راح يكون وضعك في السليم الى الابد- اللعبة لا يوجد فيها عمق  لذلك لاترفع سقف التوقعات- الكوكب حرفيا ميت لايوجد فيه حيوانات صالحة للاكل او حيوانات عدائية او اي شيء مجرد طيور تمر امام الشاشة كل 10 دقايق- الكوارث الي تصير في اللعبة اشياء مملة ومكررة ولايوجد فيها اي عبقرية اما بروق تضرب منشاتك او سقوط نيازك او كائن يدخل للمباني ويعطلها- السكان عبارة عن عباقرة تقدر توظفهم في اي  مكاناللعبة باختصار تكرار ومملة وسهلة جدا ومافيها اي عبقرية او افكار من خارج الصدنوقالتقييم: 5\10(رجعت فلوسي الي دفعتها في اللعبى)
,Not Recommended,484900,33790048,Posted: 25 July,all,ChristianBlakeston,"This game is horrible with graphics, even though it claims to have great graphics. Make sure you have a beafy PC, because this game eats ram. Would not recommend for anyone who has an average PC. And in all fairness, I had my graphics at High instead of (Very High), I have seen games from 2010 with better graphics than this."
76561198010514219,Recommended,484900,33877977,Posted: 29 July,all,= Mike =,"2 H of fun, after that it gets repetetive.Beautiful game needs som improvments"
76561198326953474,Recommended,484900,33950474,Posted: 1 August,all,SakSak,"Post Content #1 update.EDIT:Originally my major turn-off with the game was lack of content. After just 3 or 4 campaign mission, you had seen it all and the sandbox was just more of the same. In the end, all colonies ended up looking more or less the same.With the free content update launch and several patches to get rid of annoying bugs, I believe the game is now worth your money at current price point. Make no mistake, you probably will not be spending Triple-A title gameplay lenghts, but I have found myself more or less enjoying almost 20h of gameplay at this stage which I count as being good value for my money.The addition of the hovercar system to extend the range of people applying for jobs as well as the decontamination building has streamlined base construction somewhat, which quite frankly is the major focus of the game: Building a functional self-sustaining colony within given limitations of resources.The graphics are still just as good, gameplay feels smoother and while level design hasn't seen any changes I could detect, the addition of a few new key structures has given them a slightly new spin in terms of gameplay experience.EDIT^Original review:Gorgeous graphics, kinda meh otherwise.A sci-fi planet colony building simulator, where you juggle resources like food, water, money etc. to build a functional colony.While the single-player campaign is decent, each map forcing a slightly different method of base-building due to abundance or lack of specific resources, each colony ends up more or less the same once the bottlenecks have been solved.Build houses. Build farms. Build water pumps. Maintain electric grid. Put down a few atmospheric regulators so the air doesn't smell funny for the colonists.Speed up time to slowly accumulate money/nanites so that you can built another building, then wait again.Repeat until you have a safe colony with a slowly increasing population, and you're basically done.All this leads to, is expanding your base slowly towards whatever objective you need to pick up, since they all need to be accessed by construction robots that have limited range for some reason. Never mind using the massive exploration vessel instead, which you can get usually halfway done through a mission which then goes complete various 'expeditions'  (reach a map point, get a victory message) on the global map so that you can earn either resources or commendations.While the graphics are very nice, and I could see where they were going with the single-player campaign plot, all in all I cannot really recommend this game at its full price. Once you've built a base a couple of times, have steady power, water and food production, there is just no challenge or anything new to do. You see everything this game has to offer after about 3 campaign missions.After the campaign, there is a sandbox mode available, using the same maps as the campaign did. Granted, you could use them to just look at the pretty graphics, but an abundance of content there is not."
,Recommended,484900,35468595,Posted: 4 October,all,Felixoli888,I love it! I recommended this game because of it's features. But since I don't really have enough RAM the game is too lagy!
