user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,485040,24221960,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,OtakuGamerGirlTani,"So I've never reviewed a game or VN as of yet on Steam, but I can't think of a better one to make my first. The fact that this was going to explore Yuri romance was all I really needed to be interested in this VN and the previews, description and nursing school setting was adequate enough to make me want to buy it. The price may seem a bit much, but trust me when I say, it's worth every penny. However, since you don't know me enough to just take my word for it, allow me to clarify. Before I get into it, I will echo what I feel can be the game's tagline, ""It's Not as it Seems."" It's a bit long, but I think it'd be worth reading thoroughly. Please also be aware that this is  just my opinion and may differ from others.Just as the description says, this VN ultimately tells the story of an aspiring nurse named Asuka, who begins her first year of Nursing school with her sister. Early on, she meets two fellow classmates and her teacher, all three of which she comes to form bonds with over her 3 years of school. The nature of those bonds is where you come in. The game offers several choices throughout the story and what you choose WILL determine future options and situations, so it requires careful selection. Even the smallest of decisions may very well shape if you can achieve a good or bad end or any end at all. Each girl has their respective Good and Bad end and then there's a premature end that will have the game end before it's time and leave you unsatisfied. Careful selection is crucial to avoid this ending. Now for more specific review ratings.Plot: 10/10The plot mentioned above is only the start of what this game actually has to offer. The true story and it's progression will be something you'll never see coming and will shock you, I assure you. This is coming from someone who's not easily caught by surprise and can usually predict plots pretty easily. It also had some touching and bittersweet moments, integral in any good romance. The main plot is one big picture, but each girl's route contributes the minor details of it to make that big picture take shape. Each girl plays a role in a particular way, each offering new and important information to the main story. This means that to get the full story as the writer I'm sure wished for it to be received, will require successfully completing the route of every girl, but it's so worth it.Characters: 9/10The characters were all very well designed and developed, as were their individual stories and routes. They all had their quirks and particular charm, that I feel would be hard to find disagreeable overall and so it's quite easy and enoyable to play through all the routes without getting bored or feeling like it's a hassle. The only reason it didn't get a 10 was because there were some routes that I felt could have been elaborated on just a tad bit more so that we could learn more on their backgrounds, but it was still sufficient to not feel rushed or lacking to an extreme degree.Yuri: 10/10This is the most important aspect for most I'm sure and so I can assure you it doesn't disappoint in that department. The romantic developments, interactions and events are all very well developed, enjoyable and satisfying. Each girl offers a unique relationship type for Asuka, as they all are unique in their expressions of love and personalties. I found myself in love with each pair for different reasons and never disappointed with any of them. The good endings were obviously best for each girl, but the bad endings had their own sort of charm too, which was also quite enjoyable.  In regards to the pairings, any route is open to be seen as the true route, but as it might be epected as you delve deeper into the plot, I'd say that Sakuya's route may be the canon ""true"" route, only my opinion though, and so you may want to save that one for last, but then again, the  beauty of this game is that you can play any route, in any order order you'd like...as long as you choose wisely!Medical Accuracy: 10/10If a game is going to make a specific subect a main aspect of a story, then the accuracy of it should be assesed right? Well as a second year medical student, although a bit different from nursing, I can say that all the medical knowledge and references they portray in the game are quite accurate and complete. So much so, that I found myself very impressed and this aspect also allowed me to enjoy the game that much more because I could relate to some of the things they covered. It's all done in a very natural way, never overshadowing the romance nor being too comple or advanced for non-medical players to understand. This, in my opinion, is another thing that made this game unique.Overall: 10/10I can't say I have years of experience in playing VNs, but playing this one has certainly encouraged me to try even more in both the yuri and otherwise genres. I had so much fun playing through this VN and experimenting with my choices, mapping out the routes and figuring out my mistakes. It's similar to a puzzle, where each piece has to fit just right to make the story whole and reach the end you're looking for, but once you get there, the sense of accomplishment is such a wonderful feeling. Just one final word of advice I have to give you is this, save at EVERY selection point. It will make your life so much easier when you inevitabley make a wrong choice and get the premature or bad end. It makes it simpler to backtrack and try a different option and get to where you wanted to go. Of course there are skip functions, but it's much easier if you can just load up at the spot you know you probably need to change rather than skipping through from the start. The game took me 20 hours to achieve every route, both good and bad, while taking the time to read the new text each time I reached a new path. I'm a fast reader and it took me this long, so if you play this game the correct way and don't speed read beyond reason and actually listen to the dialogue, you shouldn't finish to completion in less than 15-20 hours, leaning more towards 20 in my opinion. At most I'd say it may take slower readers, or those who may not be as quick to catch their mistakes, up to 30 hours.So my point in saying this and the bottom line is this...for a game that offers a very unique, thorough, medically competent, complex, enjoyable, yuri romance story that takes you many hours to complete and has a great plot twist, is worth $40. Not even including the limitless times you'll have to replay your favorite routes and relive the story. So I can highly recommend this game and if you're a yuri romance and mystery lover, this is one you don't want to miss."
,Recommended,485040,24171769,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,BigBossBalrog,"General: 10/10A girl must sacrfice everything to build a Yuritopia. Standing in the way is a weapon that can surpass Metal Gear itself...Lesbian nurses!Storyline: 10/10Not for any nation. Not for any ideology. Not for justice. Not for honor. Not for power. Not for the future. Not for Revenge. Not for peace. Only for YuriCharacter: 10/10Nao Osachi : A creepy incest filled sister, as well as a visonary denied her fetishItsuk Amatoi: A jokster without a past (and no personel space)Sakuya Takeda: A rival tsundere living a lieKaede Ohara: A teacher who stands her ground (And might get charged with statory♥♥♥♥♥♥Punished Asuka: A Fallen Star...(And ""dummy girl""...)In conclusion:In Outer Heaven, girls...become...lesbians..."
,Recommended,485040,29554221,Posted: 28 January,all,Rem Silvertongue,"If your mind is lost somewhere down in the metaphorical gutter of sexual innuendo, you probably looked at this game and figured it'd make fine fap fodder. A game about Nurses (who are oft oversexualised in games) and the promise of Nudity in the Tags might lead one to believe that this game is just another Eroge that's been ""censored for steam.""However, Nurse Love Addiction is so, so much more than that. It is, in fact, a genius excercise in subversity.With no nudity to speak of and romance taking the back seat, Nurse Love presents us with the story of a young girl. Her name is Asuka Osachi, and she's just getting started at the Teito Nursing Academy. However, there's more to her friends than initially meets the eye. Nurse Love begins as a humble visual novel about nursing and evolves into a full-on mystery that will have you thoroughly gripped throughout.The game has an absoloutely gorgeous art style, perfectly blending watercolour backgrounds with characters in the style of lightly drawn manga. It's a wonderful combination that gives allows characters their own individual quirks and expressions. It's honestly impressive that, despite sharing an art style, the six leading ladies all look and feel entirely unique and special.In addition, the way characters are arranged in scenes is utterly genius. Making strong use of perspective by placing characters in both the foreground and the background, Nurse Love creates the illusion of life in each of its heroines with startling success. The CG, similarly, uses flash cuts to create action scenes in still images; not unlike something you might find in a comic or manga. It's such a simple trick, and yet it's so effective at what it does.The music is predominantly played on a piano, which blends seamlessly with the overall theme of the VN and with the art style to create an old-fashioned vibe that suits it very well. It also achieves this without being overly agregious about it, and trying to thrust it in your face. The cheery and upbeat piano helps create a smooth flow as you ease your way through the story. What's more, the further you go and the deeper you dig, the more the familiar comfort of the piano takes the back seat for darker tunes to really set the tone.But, naturally, it has its issues as well.I only really have three complaints about the game. The first is the UI; it clearly carries a school theme, and is very clever about how it does so, but it feels a little too... Large. Often concealing the entire torsos of characters, the system window simply feels a little too intrusive. The font, on the other hand, feels entirely out of place. All of the fonts in menus are stylistic and suit the game well, but the actual writing itself is much too simple. It clashes with the soft art style and music, and this is honestly my biggest real complaint.The final complaint is about one of the characters.Kaede.Her route just feels entirely out of place and seems to offer no relevant input to the overarching story. This... honestly feels like it was added for the purpose of weak fanservice, if nothing else, to stay true to the game's title. And there really isn't any fanservice to speak for. It was the first route I took and left me with a very incorrect perception of the game. So be wary of that.But in general, I adore this game. It kept me gripped once I really delved into the main story, and had me constantly ""Umm""ing and ""Ahhh""ing as new details brought themselves to light as I completed each new route. It's incredibly memorable with...Interestingendings that come completely out of left field and that each hit like trucks in their own way.The price tag is hefty, perhaps a little too high for a Visual Novel that lasted me around 20-25 hours (At a guess.) But if you can afford to blow the money on this? You will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,485040,25885037,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Arnice,"I somehow finished the VN having romanced nobody. And after I looked up a guide, it turned out that I made all the right choices to get on the good sides of each character, and said the wrong thing when I tried to pursue the Nao route.I have completed every ending (despite only having 14 hours played, I read faster than the characters talk, and I have a habit of skipping dialogue even if the speaker isn't done. Rude of me.), and boy are the bad endings something. I knew that what I was getting into was going to be a bit disturbing because of /u/, but even still. Yeesh.In terms of the good endings, man are they just smile-inducingly great. I liked the Itsuki good ending the most because it was just so damn adorable, and I think the Sakuya good ending broke my brain. Twice.Story 10/10Characters 11/10Music 14.8/10 (That ending theme is just beautiful despite the fact I have no idea what she's singing)Yuri 23.1/10I would pay a lot more than $40 for another experience like this one."
76561198069159152,Recommended,485040,31658544,Posted: 9 May,all,wrb41977,"This story takes place across a three-year period where you, Asuka Osachi are training to become a nurse. Along the way you may find love with someone you meet. The four potential love interests are your teacher, Kaede Ohara, your two classmates Itsuki Amatou and Sakuya Takeda, or your younger sister (and fellow nurse trainee) Nao.Your choices determine who you end up with, if any of them, and whether it will be a short-term thing (bad ending) or happily ever after. There are also some heavy twists in the storylines.There is a lot of material in this game, which is good considering the price. Still it is worth it, if this is your type of game."
,Recommended,485040,24291984,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Wakeswood Growl,"First things first, solid yuri romance, 4 characters to romance all fully voiced and with their own unique personalities. The paths eventually taken in some of these chracters (3/4) tends to get pretty trippy and sometimes downright disturbing (especially in the bad ends). To any yuri or VN fans who aren't afraid of getting beat over the head with a pile of crazy, this game is one of the best i've played and you owe it to yourself to play it as well."
,Recommended,485040,24207930,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,末原 恭子,"I have never been someone interested in being a nurse, but after this... I still don't.... But that's not the point. This game gives you a window on how it is to be a nurse... a bit, but most importantly it gives a great plot about yuri. After playing ""Kindred Spirits on the Roof"", months later I was excited to play another similar game. This game, quenched that thirst. While it's not as whole some as KSotR, the relationship between the characters made my heart flutter and quiver in joy. I definitely do not regret buying it.-""I would do my best to stare, glare and ogle"" 10/10!!Edit: Just finished the game and got one of the good endings... please send help... losing deadly amounts of blood.... I might not make it through..."
,Recommended,485040,24697827,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,angelwolfchild,"So I have literally just finished all of the routes in this game, and I’m happy to say it does not disappoint in the slightest, which is very relieving considering I checked this games store page every day from the moment it appeared on steam to the day it was released.Needless to say I hope to see more of Kogado’s games appear on steam in the future.From a technical standpoint the game is beautiful, with a wonderfully detailed art-style and many gorgeous pictures, each character is unique and distinctive with a variety of expression that seem very animated for lack of a better term, there were times when I almost thought I was watching an anime. And the soundtrack is incredible, as usual I find my favourite piece is the gorgeous opening track but the rest of the music is nothing to sneeze at and keeps the atmosphere going throughout the entire story. And of course this game is fully voice acted (apart from one or two moments when there didn’t seem to be a voice to the dialogue, though thankfully that was only for a few ‘huh’ and ‘yeah’ bits, and there’s always the chance that I accidentally skipped it). The voices all match the characters wonderfully, really bringing each of their personalities to life.Speaking of which, that brings me to the meat of this game: the story and characters. If I had to choose a single word that described my feelings on this it would be… real. Which is kind of ridiculous considering the utter insanity that the story keeps bringing with each decision. I’m not even kidding, this game doesn’t do plot-twists it does whiplash! I have half predicted about two things throughout all of the routes, and even then the validation didn’t come immediately, and you are not just dealing with your everyday drama when it comes to this game. But it all works because everything does feel real. The characters, the decisions, the consequences. I think that’s what threw me off the most, everything has some kind of consequence. I mean, look at your four romantic interests. You can pick from: Your sister, your teacher, and one of two girls who are already in a relationship… with each other. Just from that line-up you can instantly start coming up with every possible problem pursuing any of these characters. But it all works wonderfully to make an interesting and fully developed story no matter which way you go, and I really did find myself connecting to everyone involved. Asuka is a great protagonist who makes mistakes, but you love seeing how she pushes herself to achieve her dreams, and no matter who you choose there will be at least one adorable romantic moment that just makes you smile from ear to ear.I won’t spoil any of the routes, you do need to experience this as blindly as possible, though I will say that you will not be prepared for how bad the bad endings can go. The only other thing I want to mention is the presentation of nurses themselves. I’ve never had any interest whatsoever in nursing, either learning it for a career or even reading about it, yet the story goes into a lot of details about the training and tasks for each of the students and each new thing they learned really caught my attention. I was fascinated by all that they learned and all the theory behind it, it’s actually given me a whole new appreciation of nursing as a whole and certainly makes me want to learn more about it, if only for my own interest.I cannot recommend Nurse Love Addiction enough, it’s a must-have for fans of romance visual novels with developed characters, an interesting yet unpredictable story and wonderful presentation. If you don’t like Yuri you may not be into it, but I’d say even then it’s worth trying.Also Itsuki is my new Waifu.I have no regrets."
,Recommended,485040,28752543,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Yuriance,Went into this expecting a cute lesbian love-story. Walked out disturbed and mentally scarred for life.10/10
,Recommended,485040,25126772,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Curly,Nurse Love Addiction is a lovely visual novel.  Highly recommended to anyone who needs more yuri in their life.
76561198289456073,Recommended,485040,33042080,Posted: 30 June,all,rouse3655,"This is one of the best games of played, it is however the first time I have played this type of game where I get to choose who I end up with. I love the fact that the story changes depending on which character you pick, I have only completed the teacher and the little sister so far.I will probably write a more in depth review once I have completed the other 2 characters but for now I just wanted to say that this game was definitely worth it and I can not wait to complete it. 😁"
76561198007262558,Recommended,485040,25236813,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,pizza3695,"I've just finished doing the playthroughs for all 4 girls, and I have to say, this was one of the best VN's I've played in some time. Each story ending is facinating, unique and thorughly human. I have to be honest, and without giving any spoilers - some of those endings are *DARK*! I mean damn... the Itsuki bad ending is just... omg...This VN had me smiling, had me crying (esp. the Sakurya and Nao storylines), had me laughing, had me never wanting to get away from my computer! I had to see the next scene! I'm absolutely gutted that its finished Q_QFor those of you who love a soppy romance novel that has potential alternate endings - this is for you.My big take-away from this is that it seems to be a world with no men in it, that lesbian relationships are actually the norm, seem to start at the age of 5, and that incest happens and no one bats an eye?Very much an A* rating from me."
76561198057356755,Recommended,485040,24828605,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Mayjaplaya,"I'll start with the big con:Translation standard is not up to par. Compared with Mangagamer's Yurirei (Kindred Spirits) and SonoHana (A Kiss for the Petals), it's not even close. In almost every scene this game has voice clips spilling over into multiple text boxes, general spelling and grammar errors (fixed now in a language patch), awkward phrases everywhere (the worst of both the literal and liberal translation worlds). The bonus seiyuu messages are not subbed. The medical glossary was completely cut from the English and Chinese versions. The OP and ED are not subbed. While Yurirei did not have anything like the medical glossary, it had a subbed OP and ED, as well as full translated lyrics for the insert song ""A. A. Ai"". Subjectively, I preferred Mangagamer's much more weeb translation style of Yurirei and SonoHana anyway. If this game was originally slated to release a month ago, Nao calling her Onee-chan ""Asky"" must be only the beginning of the abomination that was the script they had at the original release date.The localization, imo, is the biggest letdown of the game and the biggest roadblock to the game actually being worth $34-$40 USD. If this game had been localized by Mangagamer, and with all the effort of Yurirei's and SonoHana's localizations put together (ahem, actually fitting each voice clip into one text box), with bonus feelies like an MP3/FLAC soundtrack (I cannot find the soundtrack uploaded on the internet, and having to convert the .bgm files in the game folders is an inconvenience), subbed everything, and some translated bonus stories outside the game (yes, they exist), then the game would make a much better case for costing almost as much as Yurirei and SonoHana put together.Now (Nao) I'll try and narrate my experience with this game.The only thing I like more than yuri is cars, so by not-so-coincidence a random Eurobeat song from Initial D popped into my head whenever I got excited playing Yurirei and it stuck the whole time I was playing it. ""I Just Wanna Call You Nao""The song came back with a vengeance. Excitement levels shot through the roof (or should I say, shot through the Okujou...)This isn't to say the game's soundtrack is bad. It's quite good. For example, they really nailed the feel of Nao's theme 癒しのおでこ (Healing Forehead). It definitely has that domestic feel to it; I can easily imagine Asuka's walking into the dorm and Nao's peering out of the kitchen and dropping the ""Okaeri, Onee-chan!"" as I listen.For some reason, one of the routes is more or less completely disconnected from the other 3 girls', while the other 3 are so interconnected they all leave huge questions that you had to play another of their routes to answer. The 3 routes also have a ton of repeated scenes between each other, reducing the game's effective length.Sound and graphics:Localization aside, this is a huge upgrade from Yurirei in terms of production value. Everyone is fully voiced, even some of the minor characters like Yuki-chan and the Machi-Michi Combi. Ironically, even though it was Imai Asami (Kaede) and Tamura Yukari (Sakuya) being in the game that pushed me over the edge to splash $40 minus the 15% discount to buy it, neither of the girls were even in my top 3 (including Asuka). Nao's seiyuu puts a noticeable squeak into her character's voice (I won't say it's bad, just sayin'), but Asuka's does a really bang-up job injecting some energy, comic relief and witty banter that I really missed in Yurirei's MC Yuna (While Hina is my favorite character in Yurirei, she wasn't very outwardly energetic or clever either,making their couple a bit of a downer). She has the zaniness that reminds me of Neptune from the Neptune series, being a lazy, silly Onee-chan, but Asuka's character can actually feel hurt and grieve, and she really does love and appreciate her imouto; as a result, Asuka's character is much more round and deep than Nepko's.The game is in glorious HD. The art is much more ""flavorful"" than Yurirei's: while Yurirei has a more ""realistic"", muted and brown and baggy look to it, this game has a much more typical colorful exaggerated ""anime"" style like SonoHana. Just look at their colorful hair and sick eyelash game.This game may not have porn, but it's got nice fanservice.It's not technically perfect though. The art's biggest weakness is hands and feet. It also has a bad case of ""cheeky mouth"", where in side view the characters' mouths creep over to the side of their face. The ugliest offense the art commits is the occasional time where the eyes drift too wide and too low on the face, committing possibly the greatest sin in anime artwork: the ""kawaii uguu"" face.Another area where this game has that exaggerated ""anime"" style making it closer to SonoHana than Yurirei is the melodrama. Instead of semi-realistically tackling homophobia like Yurirei, this game takes place in a world where girls loving girls is the most normal thing in the world, and dodges even mentioning the words ""lesbian"" or ""gay"". It gets much, much wackier and more supernatural than both of them put together though. Itsuki's and Sakuya's bad ends would make Nitroplus and ""Urobutcher"" Urobuchi Gen proud.In closing, this a very interesting and flavorful yuri VN with a much different taste than Yurirei, while at least providing much more story content than that one SonoHana VN available on Steam (I'd go so far as to say it's about as long as every SonoHana VN ever fully translated, put together) right now. I enjoyed it. It's a refreshing twist from the relative blandness of Yurirei. But because of its crappy localization and not being as long as Yurirei, it's a hard sell at $34-$40.Wait for a sale.If Michael no Otome-tachi, the first real full-length SonoHana game, ever gets a full Mangagamer localization and release at $34 after discounts or less, it will steal a ton of thunder from this game. But until then, this game has certainly carved out its niche within a niche as a yuri VN with 4 routes, each with a different pretty girl to romance, very nice art, music and voice acting, and high doses of both cuteness and craziness."
,Recommended,485040,24456335,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Gal Incognito,"This game would make Gen Urobochi proud.At first this seem like a very cute yuri game, and it is for the most part. Until you get to the character specific routes and the bad endings, then the holy♥♥♥♥♥♥quotient hit the fans.If you really don't want to see any grotesque stuff and just want to enjoy the yuri then for the love of god don't get the bad endings or you'll really regret it.If you don't mind stuff likecheating, sexual abuse, necrophilia, and cannibalismthen go ahead and enjoy everything.All in all, a great game for yuri fans, even if it is a bit extreme. My only gripe is that the translation can be lacking at times, and not everything is fully translated."
,Recommended,485040,33555196,Posted: 15 July,all,Mangotank,"This game will make you wish you owned a puppy petting centre, because your emotions will be beyond repair after experiencing this story.Those bad endings...Holy smokes are they something...Seriously, don't write this off after just reading the title or looking at screenshots,because it really is so much more.The writing is really well done along with 4 yuri character options that have multiple complex endings to achieve.(Although Sukuya is the canon/most informational choice)In addition, I really enjoyed the main protagonist as she was pretty relatable to, was a lot of fun, and definately had her flaws but still kept a great heart.Now most importantly, the story--Just fantastic. I wasn't able to guess most of the upcoming events/plotpoints which is definately impressive and refreshing for a change.Despite having multiple endings, none of them feel like a cop out and are all satisfying or impactful.Some of those bad endings as well...Just DAYUM...Are they ever something else.Also, Ihighly highly highly recommend that you DO NOTsearch up any screenshots or discussions about this game to avoid any possible spoilers. Trust me you'll thank me for this.I'm not proud to admit that manly tears were (MAYBE) shed during the playing of this game.Tired of rampant fanservice combined with the eye ball rolling, terrible story-telling that other VN's offer?Then Nurse Love Addiction is for you!If you're a yuri fan, then you NEED to play this already!"
76561198148966981,Recommended,485040,33122351,Posted: 2 July,all,hikiyume,Silly name for such a cute game ♥
,Recommended,485040,24503641,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,"Keanu Reeves, Gouldian Finch","Perhaps due to running or perhaps due to other reasons, my entire body is hot and I am incredibly thirsty."
,Recommended,485040,32757694,Posted: 24 June,all,Darck~,"Did the little sister's route.Hahahahaha oh man, buy this game.  You won't regret it."
76561198047430300,Recommended,485040,33479970,Posted: 12 July,all,oorum,"DON'T just be fooled by the art and the simple summary ""Experience the story of... discover[ing] love, medicine, and adulthood."" There's another review on the internet that says that""Psychological Horror"" is a recommended tag for this VN. Let that sink in for a minute.Knowing that, if you're still down for this VN, then yes, I would recommend you to get it just for the art and music. The story is divided into 2 arcs. The first is very sweet and fluffy and typical romance. The second one takes a sharp turn into darker, more 'wtf' territory. In my opinion the first arc is well written, made my cringe and do all the things that fluffy things do, and the second one... is okay. For some routes I think the psychological horror schtick was a little contrived for shaking out angst and horror. I'm a chickenshit though and usually horror is not my cup of tea.There are 9 ends to the game. 1 bad and 1 good end for each romance option and 1 option where you end up with no one and the game ends early. Like some other reviews have said, most of the psychological horror♥♥♥♥♥♥comes from bad ends. But even in some 'good ends' I felt like the horror was averycheap way of 'maturing' the protagonist Asuka by literally throwing her into some ridiculous dark drama. I felt more than a bit cheated of the premise where I would 'see these girls come into adulthood'Recommended route: Kaede -> Nao -> Sakuya -> Itsuki.    OR    Nao -> Sakuya -> Itsuki -> KaedeI played it like: Sakuya -> Nao -> Itsuki -> Kaede -- and for anyone who has played all the endings, they knowthis is basically the most to least ♥♥♥♥ed up routes order."
76561198004565373,Recommended,485040,24341850,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Mindes Endian,"After finishing all the routes, I must say... bravo. I went in expecting just cuteness, and I got much more out of this. Some of the plot twists deeply affected me emotionally.If you like yuri, if you like adorable protagonists, if you like good romance, you'll find all of those here. Give it a try.ALL HAIL THE HOMOMATRIARCHY, OUR YURITOPIA"
,Recommended,485040,30939155,Posted: 4 April,all,Dr Disorder,The greatest game I've ever played.
,Recommended,485040,26201168,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Dr. Murdoch,"A really beautifull, and interesting yuri VN.The art work is amezing, the music fits well, the characters are really interesting. It is not like the usual romantic VNs with the same plot over and over again. In this game the plot sometimes take a big turn into horror, an every other genre.The price must seem for a lot of people too much, but trust me, I have already played at the momment 8 hours of this game, and I still have no idea who my first choice will be to go for.My only problem with the game so fr that you can't use the steam interface while playing it, that means, no screenshots, no streaming, no chat. I hope that they will patch that one out later on.tl,dr: this is a must have VN!"
,Recommended,485040,24787711,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,CBanana,"First, I’ll give a note on the price.  Yes, it's more expensive than your average visual novel but it's also significantly longer than your average visual novel.  Also, every line by a character is voiced, even minor characters.  You’re paying for something with significantly more effort and resources poured into it than your average $10 visual novel that takes a few hours to beat.Another Note for potential buyers: Even vague hints about the story can blunt the surprise this game provides.  So if you like being surprised, stop reading any reviews right now.  Buy it right now or wishlist it for later but don't read any reviews until you're done the game.***Vague spoilers that still may ruin things ahead.*********So the first think you might think by looking at the marketing is that this is a fluffy yuri story about nurses, and to a large extent, yes, it is.  However, it’s hiding another side to it that's not so apparent.  A side that's darker and a great deal stranger.  This side takes a reader by surprise but you can look back and realize there were hints of this.  The routes themselves can vary in how strange they want to take things.  Kaede's route is very grounded while Sakuya's route is at the other end of the scale.  Also, the squeamish amongst the players might want to avoid some of the bad endings (particularly Itsuki’s).When I played it, and came across the first major plot twist two thirds of the way in, I was blown away and left wondering “What happened to this cute game about nurses I was playing?” and then things kept getting stranger.  It was a heck of a trip that constantly made me wonder how I was supposed to feel about the things that were happening.  Of course that was probably a good sign as that was kind of like some of my favourite anime series.On some other positive notes, the art style stays quite consistently good.  The four different routes in terms of their relationship dynamics play out fairly differently giving some variety.  The main character, Asuka can even be considered a different person after each of them.  The music is decent, although nothing jumped out at me as being amazing.  Even though the game can be disturbing, it’s not doing it in a way that’s punching down at disenfranchised groups.However, let’s also bring up some of the bad points this game.  Some parts of Nurse Love Addiction are left not translated such as the voice actor commentary, the credits, and a glossary that details a bit of the world lore.  If you want to play the game without a walkthrough, a handful of the choices are counter-intuitive so it may require some trial and error to get a desired ending.  There are also some plot holes or at least things that are left unexplained regarding Itsuki’s and Sakuya’s bad endings.I definitely recommend Nurse Love Addiction to a yuri fan that wants to walk a bit on the stranger side of things.  Also, I guess I recommend it to a yuri fan that doesn’t like the stranger side of things that buys the game on a discount to only play Kaede’s route.  At any rate, this game gets a plus from me.Edit: The credits are now translated with a game patch but weren't when I initially wrote this review."
76561198011408475,Recommended,485040,26232648,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Drill,"Although I have played many games, this is the first time I was moved enough to leave a review - that's something.NO SPOILERS:Characters: ExellentMusic: GreatPacing : good enoughArt: I can live withStory: MIND BOGGLINGLY AMAZING!*I feels, oh the FEELS._________*depend on your choices."
,Recommended,485040,24400862,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,JeyEmill,"I’ll keep this short. (Not an actual review)When I started this Visual Novel, I honestly thought it was going to be just a Peaceful, Slice of Life, Romantic Yuri Visual Novel…I was so wrong…Am I disappointed? Not one bit. While It did have the romance (Yuri), great characters, and a great story, there was a point in some of the routes where it just went… “wild” I guess you could say.I’ll end this extremely short stupid ""review"" on a quick note: If you’re like me, and you just want to ignore the bad endings and just get to good ones, Don’t. Of Corse you want to read good endings, they’re “Good” after all, but trust me, you don’t want to skip the bad endings. The shock value in most of the bad endings is extremely good. Though I will admit that one if them is quite depressing"
76561198030787887,Recommended,485040,31662201,Posted: 10 May,all,Cujo,"I have a game critical bug which results in me not being able to get the good Kaede ending. I can only get the bad ending.I have posted this in the forums. I got a generic reply from the dev which did nothing. I replied to his reply stating the issue futher. I got nothing. I asked for a reply. I got nothing. I asked patiently again. I got nothing. I have been MORE than patient with him (this went for about 3 weeks). In the end, I gave the♥♥♥♥♥♥a piece of my mind.Simply put: IF you have the same bug that I have, you will:A) not be able to finish the gameB) will not get any help fixing it, andC) it will take you about 15 hours to find it, preventing you from being able to refund it.I wish I could destroy these types of devs, I really do. They disgust me. Giving fare warning to other potential customers is all I can do.So:*** BE WARNED *** : If you have this bug, It will be a WASTE of your money. As such, I do not recommend this game.Because the bug is so bad, I will go so far to say that I wont bother reviewing the actual story given that it always ends badly and nothing can change that because the devs are uncooperative.EDIT: Thanks to a kind samaritan I was given a save game by someone which worked and was able to continue the game. This is a good game, but yeah, the devs did jack♥♥♥♥♥♥... zero communication, nothing."
,Recommended,485040,30343191,Posted: 5 March,all,Kurisu Makise,"I adored this one, full of emotion and interesting storyline, I couldn't stop reading it. It has a unique story that I'd never read anywhere else and that's what made it so special. Unexpected turns and great personalities for every character. The soundtrack is amazing and I loved the voice acting aswell.Anybody who loves Yuri and visual novels should read this. It can make you cry, but can definitely make you smile and laugh too"
76561198013720540,Recommended,485040,34079194,Posted: 7 August,all,Supreme  Lord Commissar,This was amazing hope they make a second chapter.
76561197983611285,Recommended,485040,26730478,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,IronWarrior,"This game has been very enjoyable.The music is light and very enjoyable to listen too. The art is nicely drawn and nice to look at. The characters themselves are fun to get to know and easy likable.The story itself is full of twists and turns in some sections.  felt my heart being ripped out but then fxied again few moments later as some misunderstanding is resolved.Lots of choices in the game and endings.The game has some negatives, screenshot/steam overlay doesn't work and the game has really long chapters and doesn't  tell you when a chapter finishes and a new one starts.The game really demands an sequel.I would recommend you picking the game up when it's on sale."
76561198146739671,Recommended,485040,30087276,Posted: 21 February,all,doricantswim,"My first review is devoted to this game. Usually I never will do a review simply because I don't want to put forht effort into writing one, but this vn has caused me to do so. Not because the yuri sceanes were amazing (which yeah the art was actually really well done) but because it actually had a story that I truly became encaptivated in. WIth many twists and turns from so many different choices the game presents you with, you'll be suprised when the truth comes out. No matter how many times you find it out theres still several different perspectives that you go back into the story for the next set of questions and answers that the game presents you with. Yes my first review was to a game that I fully expected to delete from libray hide content and just do all i could to never let anyone find out after i played it, but the characters and love intrests involving each of them make me want to let everyone see this game just so they can expierence the same beutiful depth of this games story. Its a must have for anyone who loves vns."
76561198031123827,Recommended,485040,34043444,Posted: 5 August,all,Eugster,"I definitely enjoyed this visual novel.  While visual novels are generally not literary masterpieces (and this one is certainly not), the writing in Nurse Love Addiction is generally good, the plot is suitably lengthy, and the scenario and plot twists turn into an entertaining, emotional rollercoaster.  This story is ""yuri"" in the sense that the it is about girls that fall in love with each other, but 'love' itself is explored in this visual novel in a emotional and literary manner.  Some scenes are (highly) suggestive (including some kissing and awkward moments) but there is not really any erotic or hentai elements here.Strong points:- The story (and translation) do a good job transitioning the main character (Asuka) from a clueless airhead at the start to someone that grows as the story progress.  The story has interesting twists, and the plot does strongly depend on which path is chosen by the player.- Unlike many other visual novels, Nurse Love Addiction is nearly completely voiced, including that of the main character.  The voice acting is superb, particularly for Asuka (voiced by Azumi Asakusa) and her imouto Nao (Ai Kakuma).- There are ""bad"" endings to the game, which allow each character's personality to be explored in compared to the ""good"" endings.- The art is generally well-drawn and bright, which is appropriate for most of the scenes in the visual novel.Weak points:- I experienced technical issues with the game where the engine occasionally freezes or stutters for brief moments.  It was never clear what caused these issues, and while annoying the minor hiccups did not severely impact my enjoyment of the game.  The worst impact of the stuttering is when the game plays the ending video for each character's ""good"" ending, where the hiccups cause the video and the music to be repeatedly interrupted.  (And I really like the end theme too, Kimi to no mirai (A Future with You), sung by Yumi Hara.  At least I was able to fully appreciate it by buying the optional soundtrack DLC.)- While the quality of the art is superb, there is not a lot of it.  Many scenes and character images are recycled frequently as the story unfolds."
76561198006890918,Recommended,485040,24291971,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Estarc,"Nurse Love Additiction is a lot of fun. The game starts out as a cute yuri adventure but has some twists and turns along the way - I felt that the second half was a lot darker, and it definitely changed how I interacted with the game. I was on edge, in a good way, kind of like I was in a mystery novel. Not that cute yuri stuff ever goes away, the game just has more depth than that.MILD SPOILERSThe heroines available are really interesting to me - your blood related sister, two class mates already in a relationship and a teacher. None of these are the typical, pure flower heroines I come to expect from VNs. I'm the type that definitely appreciates this break from more normal, ""safe"" heroine archetypes.END SPOILERSThe game is made for widescreen and controls great with just the mouse. No obscure keyboard short cuts. Text is nice and big, easily readable. Game is fully voiced. Overall I was really happy with the game's presentation, as well as its story. I've only done one route, I'll probably do another, not sure if I'll do all of them, I rarely 100% VNs, but I feel this is worth the price tag.All in all, very happy with this, would buy another yuri visual novel from the same developer in a heart beat. :D"
,Recommended,485040,29996461,Posted: 17 February,all,IGotAllDaBawlz,11/10 This game RKO'd me right in the feelz. Worth every penny spent.
,Recommended,485040,24642573,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,ヽ༼ಢ_ಢ༽ﾉ☂,"I've played a bunch of Kodago games before, enjoyed some (Power DOLLS series) but not others (Magical Twirler Angel Rabbie) and this is a great game - but one that you should really go into as blindly as possible!"
,Recommended,485040,33393672,Posted: 8 July,all,Masbro-kun,"trust me, it's not a yuri VN"
,Recommended,485040,24278699,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Cheechy ™,"Beautiful art, nice bg music, lovable girls, oh yeah and lots of lesbian nurses- what more could you want in a VN?"
76561198272660456,Recommended,485040,33896456,Posted: 29 July,all,HawwahIsEve,well worth 40$. do both the bad ends and the good ends. it'll ♥♥♥♥ you up 10/10
,Recommended,485040,24515575,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Zoey,It's Yuri with twists some of the twists are nuts i love this game.Price is fine for contentMusic - 10Story - 11Characters - 20Nao-Chan - 500Nurses - Angels
76561198203361050,Recommended,485040,24357671,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Kaonchan,"very impressive. i love this game. all character and song very beautifuli love all character especially Nao-chan , her habit contrast her outside it GAP MOE XD hahaha (You can understand if you play this game route Nao ^^)As Yuri fans game , i not ungrudging to spent my money for buy this game.if you love Yuri game, Nurse love addition should in your Steam Library .Thank you for everyone for made this game and Thank you for Translation team ."
,Recommended,485040,25540656,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,CelticPhoenix,"Spoiler-Filled Video Review Here!https://youtu.be/wwLEFYdtWT8Overall I found this story quite entertaining. The characters have a nice amount of meat to them, and the twists are thrown out rather consistently.Complaints come primarily with the decision system. Typically, we're given only two choices, and more often than naught it's a false-dichotomy, a 'but thou must' scenario. Other times, we're given choices that don't clearly telegraph their imput on the story, and while I generally applaud unconventional game functions, this is a story that needed some better indication of what choices did what, or at least an indication of the moral weight behind the choice (especially given how plentiful the vapid choices crop up). This is an afterthought, for the most part, but it is still quite grating to get a bad ending for choosing to have the character ask a rather mundane question.The only other complaint is that the breaks between chapters are too far and few between. We get interludes between scenes, but the story doesn't feel like it has too many natural conclusion points, which make the events drag on and on. It would be nice for the game to say ""You can put the story down if you want, go rest your eyes"" from time to time. I'm not looking for an immersion breaking prompt, just a title card that says ""Chapter End"" or something so I feel like I have a natural bookmark instead of leaving with a plotline half-resolved.But those are minor gripes to what is ultimately a pretty well written and produced visual novel. I give a recommendation for those who are speed readers, fans of yuri, and people looking to be thrown for a loop every twenty minutes or so."
76561198089477451,Recommended,485040,25598620,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,judgefidler,"Most of the more positive reviews have said much of what I wanted to say, so I think I'll say ""I love this game"" and leave it at that.....or at least, I want to.However, one reviewer made a tiny comment about Metal Gear, and after playing through Sakuya and Nao's routes, I was immediately greeted in my mind with a mental image of Asuka caring for Old Snake at the hospital.That's partially thanks to my love of MG, but also partially thanks to the hidden side of this game....If you love mysteries as well as yuri, I strongly recommend this game. And don't worry about those complainers who're chatty-cathies about the price - EVERY SINGLE CENT is worth the multi-layered story and superb voice acting.Oh, and don't be fooled by the ""nudity"" tag - that's a red herring, or as I would call it, a ""false diagnosis."""
76561198006455520,Recommended,485040,30191952,Posted: 26 February,all,🅹🅸🆂🅺🆁🅰,"Nurse Love Addiction is yuri romance visual novelI will start from best thing of this game and that is protagonist.I totaly adore Asuka, she is lazy simpleminded airhead without care in the world and she is damn cute about it!Her sillines and airhadness is amazing! She is my role model! ♡♡♡Art is pretty good, sprites very cute (specialy Asuka ♡). Voice acting is very good as well.Story isnt exactly amazing but its above average i guess.While Kaede route is unique the other 3 routes follows same events and they reuse most of scenes betwen these routes, adding only slight flavor to them. I would say that Nao, Itsuki and Sakuya routes have only a little of unique content. That is bit disapointing. I am used to routes being unique storys from where they split from common route. On bright side, you can skip thru already read scenes and finish remaining routes in under 2 hours each.In conclusion, this is good quality VN with amazing protagonist ♡, if you are into yuri you should give this a try.♬ ♪ FOR THE YURITOPIA! ♬ ♭"
76561198103127470,Recommended,485040,25133256,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,头号登蜜,"The only thing I could say after playing this game is ""ユリなんか大好き!!!""10-10"
76561198048939976,Recommended,485040,24619003,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Kotaken,"So when I first saw this game I was thinking that it'd be alot like kindred spirits where its all fluff and drama. Turns out it has fluff, drama AND some crazy plotwists. The story goes from one point then suddenly completely goes off to a different point  keeping you asking ""WTF IS GOING ON?!"".  Each character starts off being a bit cliche in their personalities, kinda like some usual anime characters but then you find out more of them and then BAM you're hooked onto the story, can't stop till you actually finish it else you'll never be satisfied. The only ironic thing about this game is that story is so good that it has nothing to do with nursing anymore... infact the nursing part only takes about 10% of the actual story.... its just the fact that they're aspiring to be nurses. STILL, this game was amazing and is now one of the best visual novels i've read so far and i highly recommend you to finish atleast just one route."
76561198194396387,Recommended,485040,25533252,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Ballentine,"Wow i really suck at love.This game is amazing, its a heart puller and its really long as far as i can tell.  I have only gone through 2 of the 12 different ending and both of the ones ive got so far were bad.  Man i suck at love ;==;"
76561198199096927,Recommended,485040,24478415,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,top_godzilla_fan,i need help in getting the other endings :(
76561198076212556,Recommended,485040,24173908,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,I am Ebola. The Love Transformed,Its Nurse Yuri. Do I have to explain any further?
76561198211207720,Recommended,485040,27072494,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,yusrina_mimi,Love it..  I'm in Love with all the character..
,Not Recommended,485040,33663985,Posted: 19 July,all,Erroneous Bosch,"This game's name (which is incidentally just about the worst I've ever heard) and marketing suggest it is a yuri title. It isn't. Some other reviews and the Steam tags have suggested it contains elements of horror. It doesn't. I mention these facts, not as criticisms, but simply to advise that if romance, titillation and/or a scary atmosphere are what you're after, you'll be disappointed. Personally I'd done my homework and bought itbecauseit wasn't a yuri VN, however it wasn't quite as subversive as I had hoped.Asuka is a first year student at Teito Nursing Academy. She's there because she found a scrawl in the back of a childhood picture book which indicated she wanted to become a nurse. She doesn't remember writing it, so wants to pursue this career path a bit further to see what could have possibly drawn her to it in years past. Older sister to Nao by age, she's actually quite infantile in her behaviour and relies on Nao for complex life skills like getting out of bed and microwaving food. While at the academy she meets Sakuya and Itsune, both of whom alternate between treating her with kindness and contempt, but she befriends them anyway. This is the jumping-off point for a story which really doesn't have much to do with any of that.The characters are all paper-thin and not particularly endearing, much like the world of NLA itself. It also takes quite a while to get to the real meat of the story. In the run-up you need to endure a liberal peppering of the standard sort of irritating, unrealistic, irrelevant slice-of-life exchanges: (fictitious example) ""You know, you really shouldn't eat bananas before paragliding..."" ""Waaaaah, but I love bananas!!!"" ""Uh uh uh, senpai Marimurimato says that bananas can cause gas when combined with stomach-churning activities. That could be quite embarrassing."" ""Hmmm... that's a good point... okay, I will eat bananas when I return."" ""Yayyy!!!"" [My sister's eyes gleam with enormous pride at my developing sensibilities concerning food consumption.]If it needed to be classified by genre, I'd probably call NLA a mystery novel. I'd love to elaborate on that further, but the mystery of NLA lies not only in the answers, but what are even the right questions. The yuri stuff really is just window dressing. I never felt as if Asuka was building even the faintest semblance of a real relationship with any of the other characters. Rather, the various ""love interests"" simply act as facilitators for the conveyance of different pieces of the mystery, with a couple of brief smooches sprinkled in. On that note it's also worth mentioning that up until the final chapter each route is substantially the same, most choices are inconsequential, and the good and bad endings are determined solely by the final choice, so there's not a tonne of story content. I found my first run quite engaging, as questions and new plot points are introduced at a steady rate, which left me hungry for answers, but the revelations in subsequent runs felt comparatively minor.An exception to what I wrote above is dear sensei Kaede's route, which is stereotypical VN romance fare. It's pretty facile, has no relevance whatsoever to the broader story, and can safely be skipped entirely. I actually think the game is weaker for its inclusion, as it's a total waste of time and could easily give the wrong impression to a player unfortunate enough to have it as their first experience.The bad endings are a common point of discussion around NLA. Yes, the consequences are a lot worse than the standard failure to get the girl, but they're far from soul-shattering, tear-inducing festivals of despair. My reactions were more along the lines of ""lol wut"" as most rely on Asuka doing things which are quite literally insane. Granted, she's not the sharpest tool in the shed, but she's nonetheless totally compos mentis, which make these abrupt excursions into nutville pretty hard to take seriously.Is it worth $40? Not even close. I got it for half price and still feel short-changed. The only sprites in the game are those of the major characters, their poses are very limited, and there is maybe a couple-dozen backgrounds. By VN standards the writing is serviceable but far from impressive. It is fully-voiced (in Japanese), so I guess that's what you're plunking down most of the dosh for, but personally I couldn't care less about voice acting in VNs, as I just skip to the next dialogue box as soon as I'm done reading. Price is ultimately the deciding factor in what side of the not / recommended binary I'm putting this on. $40 is a premium price for an interesting but ultimately lacklustre product. If this was closer to $10 I'd say yeah, check it out on a whim, though don't expect to be blown away, but $40 is much too prohibitive for that sort of exploratory purchase. There are VNs withwayhigher production values being sold for less."
,Recommended,485040,25998107,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,pancakelust,grill on grill action 10/10
76561198258606608,Not Recommended,485040,24579019,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,stevenlebanks,"I waited half a year, and all I got was this lousy After School Ending.It's an entertaining experience. Essentially and exactly what it says on the tin; an anime visual novel with a female protagonist attempting to become a nurse. All the characters are interesting enough. The music fits fine. There's nothing to complain about when it comes to the art. The overall product is fun for what it is, and precisely what it claims to be.I'm just underwhelmed I got such an anti-climatic ending on my first run."
76561198116934331,Not Recommended,485040,24200068,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Apathetic John,"well, fine, bad endings aside, it's definetly cute and has the one thing I look for in a VN...yuri. it still gets a thumbs down though"
76561198074080048,Not Recommended,485040,24246703,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Jesster925,"First off this is NOT a game, It is a very crapy writen story book, no animation, the voice is in ????? so you must not only flip thru page by page (Several times before you even get a new picture tolook at) you need to read the subtitles. This is by far the worst money I have ever spent.  For the most part you can kinda of judge a game by the price, a $40.00 game is normally a fairly decent, if not good game. Like I said if you are looking for a ""Game"" to playlook elsewhere. This thing sucks Total waste of money!!!"
76561198135506589,Recommended,485040,26702551,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Ranger188,"I had fun going through all routes and liked this yuri VN more than most others. The characters were unique yes, and I liked them the more I learned about them, like Itsuki in my case. The most boring character was Kaede (sadly). The story can be a little crazy but doesn't go completely out there. Glad the choices matter compared to other yuri VNs I played on steam. I love yuri and I'm glad I bought this."
76561198056184554,Recommended,485040,26642501,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Abbez,"Really enjoyed this game. I only play visual novels if they're yuri, so I obviously haven't played that many that I really liked. This game just blew my mind.I used a walkthrough to get all the endings, and the bad endings are really something. I cried a few times due to them, but they also make the good endings so much more appreciated.At the beginning the story was a bit filler-y for me, and I got a little bored, but once you get further in, the story is absolutely mesmerizing. Definitely worth every tear I shed. Sakuya's good ending is my favorite, and surprisingly I cried the most even though it was a good ending.I've finished the game, and although I feel empty inside, the music remains in my head and I think I will forever remember this experience as a great one."
76561198151610464,Recommended,485040,35465925,Posted: 4 October,all,natkanya,This game is by far the most touching yuri visual novel. I love the sakuya route so much that I kept replaying the mermories a few times. If you are yuri fan who are looking for a story rich in girlxgirl then this game is for you. It will make you think and wish we have more quality yuri game. Highly recommend!!!!
