user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,485380,23935225,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Not Simon,- Went by 1 day in the game- Heard footsteps- Alt + F4Never gonna play again.10/10 was fun
,Recommended,485380,23644769,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,ca_Lob,"I've played the game for 5 hours. Which is enough time to beat the game 3+ times over. If you want a good review, this might be it.This game is pretty good. It's simple, fun, and interesting. It's not too hard, but not too easy. And it's constantly being updated. They have already updated twice and the game has only been out for 3 days. Here is my breakdown:PriceI got this game, on sale, for $1.79 USD. It is usually $2.00 USD. I believe it is most definitely worth that price.I don't like spending a lot of money on video games. Most great games are cheap. This game falls into that category.It is nice for the price and considering the game is being updated regularly, it is not a bad buy.DifficultyThe game is difficult in general, but easy to understand. There are a lot of things making the game difficult. Getting hacked, tracked, and kidnapped are all very possible and quite frequent. But, there are ways to avoid all of them (not so much the hacking, it's quite inevitable). There are most definitely ways to play the game that are better than others. It being a horror game, it will be easier to beat if you have good awareness. I will link guides for people that want to play at the bottom of this guide.Overview and RatingThe game is good, overall. It is definitely worth the price and a good game to play if you like Indie, Horror, Puzzle, or Deep Web games. It is cheap, fun, and easy. The developers are still working on making it better for it's players and they listen to the fans. If you want something changed, you can ask them and they will kindly help.I would give the game an 8.4/10. Here are pro's and con's:Pro'sGood PricingFunScaryEasy-to-learnNice, simple graphicsNicely codedCrashes are rareCon'sNot for the easily scaredCounter-hacking games can be difficultLinks""How Not To Get Kidnapped"" Guide""The GateKeeper"" Guide""Code Locations"" GuideAll credits go to Reflect Studios and guide creators. Thank you."
,Recommended,485380,23592835,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Daddy Dagon,"""Hey Ivan"" Said one Russian kidnapper to another, ""I think there is a guy in that room."", ""Do not be foolish Boris"", the other replied ""The light is off, we can't go in there.""10/10, Deep immersive realism"
76561198283039597,Recommended,485380,24037665,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,my only gun god,Surviving A russian kidnapper simulator 2069
76561198049507672,Recommended,485380,24175424,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Saelym,- Start game- Get through tutorial- Start clicking through links- Hear creaking noises that sound like footsteps- Panic- Exit game10/10 most terrifying 20 minutes ever
76561198066347144,Recommended,485380,23589152,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,OuterHaven,"PROS:-Absolutely amazing and fresh premise-Good atmosphere-Hacking mechanic is perfect (not too frequent, not too infrequent, not too hard, not too easy)-Browsing the Deep Web is fun-The game is, at heart, a puzzle one so actually making progress while putting the pieces together is VERY rewarding-Hiding from the kidnapper for the first few times induced genuine dread in meCONS:-There's not enough accessible sites regardless of the time (maybe I just got unlucky), so it got boring after a while-I quickly mastered the whole kidnapper mechanic so I felt there was never any possibility of getting caught, which took away from the dread factor"
76561198140771231,Recommended,485380,24076030,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,atrupb,Once upon a time a russian kidnapper went to a house.The victim turned off the light because he thought the russian kidnapper was in the house.The russian kidnapper went away.The end...10/10 Most realistic games in centuries
,Recommended,485380,23815255,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Supercat,can't open porn sites 1/10
,Recommended,485380,29227207,Posted: 13 January,all,F4rseeR,"Cheap game with high premiseAt first glance one instantly asks: ""Does it deliver?"". You'd decide to set yourself some low expectations. You'd say that it looks nice, it's cheap, there's no harm in trying it. Truth to be told, this game amazes me. Before I tell you the rest, let me clear something up.Whether you play this game for 1 hour or 100, the effect is the same; you could know the sites like the back of your hand andyou'd still be on edge.As a horror game, it gets pretty much all factors right, without trying hard. You're in a nice place, sitting across a computer. You go in, you find out the challange and the tempation: explore the side of the web that you can't access with a normal browser and look for a myth: the Red Room, the place where torture and murder is streamed. You can get hacked while looking for it, but you'll learn how to fight them. You're going to be warned that there are absurd twisted killers/kidnappers that are going to come for you. You don't turn back. Not because you're brave, but because you've barely played the game for 3 minutes. After the tutorial ends, it's time to play.The websites work in different game times, though many work no matter what. Like you'd expect, there are horrifying stories, some will tie knots in your neck, other will just make a big ""WTF?!"" wave in your head. It's all freaky, disturbing and the black hat hacker sites will give you reasons for paranoia. From time to time you'll see the screen glitch away and realize you're hacked. There are three mini games, puzzle like, one simple and one less simple, the third being a typing one, which should be a piece of cake for writers, coders, programmers, people that can type fast without errors. Resetting the modem from time to time is also effective, since it will make a new IP adress. If you get hacked, you might lose the notes and game time will progress by days, making some achievements unachievable from the affected playthrough.What makes the formula strong is the sound. The envirenment is simple, turn light on and off. But it's the sounds that build the tension. You'll hear noises. Strange ones, like a window moving, a foot step, or any other indistinguishable ones. They will make you turn off the lights and sit in darkness. You will go by the door and see there's no one there. You'll get back to see which people are listed to kill, or which drugs are available for order, or the doll maker(you think it's a cliche in there, but  for most, it's something extremeley disturbing and for the desensitized it's something that's hard to ignore).If I were to sum up the game, I'd talk about this experience: At some point the caller who would breath loudly stopped. Sometime later I heard a footstep. I browsed some more, I knew I was done, it was clearly a footstep.Coppied a code from the steroid queen's website. The testicle mutilater had one as well, but I read through the main page twice. Disturbing things are made of points of interest after all. I've been to the other sites, and some unexplored ones are still unavailable at the time. So I pulled back from the computer and looked to one side, but nothing. Huh. I turned back to turn off and the lights and DAAAAMN! The kidnapper was waiting at my back, his model not making any effort to escape the Uncanny Valley. I was not prepared to be creeped out like that. Also, game over, I'm dead. Feels like a relief.Dead Space, Resident Evil, Outlast, I liked them all for their ambiance, their allure. ButWelcome to the Game is something else. I would describe it asComplete Horror: what you'll see on the web-pages will keep you tensed&disturbed, the hacks will keep the adrenaline pumping and the sounds will turn out to be maddening, with the game over being made of some good old(but gold) jumpscares.There are three endings: one being what you're looking for, the second a mind-f*ck and the third something mind-blowing.If you've been looking for the horror game that keeps you on edge and eventually does it's job on scaring you, this might be the one for you. If any horror does it's job, well, you know what you're signing up for anyway."
76561198356214570,Recommended,485380,33221989,Posted: 4 July,all,G1osephShadow,"-Relaxing searching a Red Room-Hears footsteps-Pauses the game-After 5 min of reflection returns in the game-""Where is the freaking light?!""-Phone rings-Alt + f4"
,Recommended,485380,32097244,Posted: 31 May,all,Kyohei,I paid $1.99 to play for 34 minutes and get the living you-know-what scared out of me whena psycho murderer came at me with a knife in his hand.Haven't touched the game since.Worth every penny.
,Recommended,485380,33024518,Posted: 29 June,all,Mr Blonde,"It was a dark and storm night. No, really. I just wanted some stickers, and I had to get an achievement in order to do the last one for the day. I've played Fatal Frame, Dead Space, I habitually watch horror movies in the dark with surround sound or headphones. So, needless to say, I am not exactly a novice when it comes to the area that is horror. The subject of this game is something that preys upon a lot of peoples inner most fears. Being alone, playing on the computer, and something bad happens.I was having a gay ol time; I feel it appropriate to use that particular turn of phrase as the last thing I was reading in this game....well we'll get to that. The game starts out and doesn't look anything special. Not top shelf graphics, but we aren't playing NES either. You sit in front of a computer and go through a tutorial. Pretty easy stuff, though I wonder why anyone leaves a window open and every light of their house on. It's night, I'm in the dark, windows closed, and I have at least one firearm within reach.The character you play, is some dude/dudette (no need to be sexist) and you find out that you have to go through various sites to put together a key to find a murder room on the deep web. I've watched a few horror movies with similar themes and wasn't the least bit bothered. Now, you get warned at the end of the tutorial that there is some ""breather"" out there killing people that don't keep their door closed, or hitchhikers. I scoffed at how cheesy that sounds. What kind of premise is this? Dude gives up if he can get past your front door? I spend a few minutes looking around and realize, you sit smack dab between two rooms, and there is a big window open right in front of you and a bit to the side. I always think about worst case scenerios, so the logistics of this doesn't fly. But, when in Rome... or Tuscaloosa.So the trick is to find 8 parts of a key to see some death. I'm down, and start clicking. First few don't work. Apparently some only work at certain times? Idk. So I go to a confession site, and it works. I laugh and screen shot some messed up confessions. Having a good time. I think I hear something, back out and look around. I turn off the light and the computer goes off too. No surfing in the dark, and apparently the dark fools your very not dedicated killer. Nothing happens, so I go back and I post a confession from my youth. Tried to think of the worst thing I've done, it wasn't horrible, at least compared to what was otherwise posted. I'm curious if other peoples confessions get uploaded. Most would probably just make up some weird stuff for the lolz, but I'm a genuine person. I was in the spirit of the game.More dead rooms, and I'm on day 4. Where the time went, I do not know. All I know is my cell in game rings when I'm reading confessions. True to his name, he sits there breathing. I listen for a few, make a joke askins if he needed some tissues, even though he can't hear me. Haha. Good times. Hang up, back to reading confessions. Seconds later he calls again. I'm a little less eager this time and I answer. Mr Dirty is at it again, but I hang up and shut off the lights. I sit there for a couple minutes thinking, ""gd it's dark"". My room is dark, my game is dark. I thought I hear something again and I can't tell if it came from my game or real life.I wait a couple minutes, then decide that should be sufficient. Turn stuff on and jump back to finding sites. More that don't work. Then I find this Grandmother site... Oh grandma... This is why I made the joke bout having a ""gay time"", as granny was busy...well, I'll let you learn that on your own. Suffice it to say, I was laughing, repulsed, and a little turned on. I blame the idea of the pizza. I swear I hear something again, so I turn around and see nothing. It sounded like someone fuqing with my door. My character runs to the front door and I stand there. I find you can push a button to look around. Don't ask me the button, the last couple minutes of the game are a blur.I look around outside feeling a lot less amused. My bi-curious boner has turned into a fear boner. Least that will keep me from peeing myself, I think as I try to keep myself from letting things get out of control. Now, I suffer from anxiety. I have always had one of those imaginations where I walk by a window in a dark room and always have this lingering fear in the back of my mind, that decades of horror movies have skull fuqed in there, that someone is going to be standing there, watching. I look out the window again, nothing going on. Looks like everywheresville.I sit back at the computer and find another page to read. More that won't open, but one that will that didn't before. This ""doctor"" page where they do bad things to people. Then I read another about webcams they have hijacked so you can spy on people. There's another fear, thanks Steve Jobs. I notice a thing about buying access, and I don't know if you have money in game? but I open the games notepad to write down the address to email the dudes...This is the culmination of all the years waiting for that face to appear in the window. The person in the dark with the snearing smile before they break in. Only its in the game, but my brain doesn't register. I go from about to type out an address, to being spun around and this face is inches from mine. Jesus spagetti monster tiddy fuqing christ on crutches. I shouted! I was so startled, my whole body jumped and my hand went for my .357. I've never yelled at a game before, never had one brain fuq me so hard. I went from laughing, to suddenly worrying if I♥♥♥♥♥♥myself. I couldn't hear what he said as I was busy shaking covering my mouth and looking around my computer monitor to where my door is; fully expecting someone to be there. I immediately closed the game and came to write this.I don't know if the scare will work the next time I play, but I might wait a little while before I try again.  13/10, would shoot my bookcase out of fear from an imaginery killer again."
,Recommended,485380,30626887,Posted: 19 March,all,Logic The Bird,"This game is basically what I do on the weekends, from the bathroom porn sites, to escaping big russian men with burlap sacks."
,Recommended,485380,23626946,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Banta,"I've played this game for an estimate of 10 hours. I am intrigued about the deep web and was super excited for this to come out. I checked every day to see if this would release. Once I bought it, I was super hype to see what it could deliver.Here are my thoughts: (Possible Spoilers) <<<<This game focuses on you trying to find 8 keys to access a red room.  Only some of the sites work, such as The Loogaro, Black Hat Post, zeroDay, Father Donald, etc. Figuring out when the times were for the certain sites that worked was pretty frustrating, but I guess it adds longevity to the game. There is another site you should use first called ChosenAwake. This site gives you the link to ""The Deep Wiki II"", which is obviously required to beat the game because it gives some of the keys as well. ChosenAwake is just a guessing game. All you have to do is guess your way through, it is pretty much a drag.Avoiding the hacker was a super difficult task at first, because I had no idea if I had to close the lights everytime I heard noise. If you are one of those people who think that is how to avoid them, then you're not going to go any further than 30 minutes into the game without dying. There will be a location icon on the navigation task bar on the computer screen. I don't believe the tutorial in-game told us anything about this, so it was hard to discover. I also had no idea at all that your microphone played a role in the game, either. It was an awesome idea, but the developer should have really gone more into detail with that. Yes, I do know that he said ""do not say a word"" in the call, but that made me think ""he obviously can't hear me, so I guess it was added in there to sound realistic if I were actually seated in that room"". Lots and lots of horror games tend to say the same thing in their games without having the player actually having to do it, but rather just making it sound realistic. Luckily, the developer confirmed it after this one user made a really good guess on a discussion. Props to that dude.The K3RNALCOMP1L3R and DOS_Blocker were very interesting. The compiler was just a fast typing mini game, which was pretty difficult at the beginning. I had to remember some of the code in there to type it and get it done. There's nothing really special about that one except that it is really good fake code. It is very realistic code since I have experience with coding in the past. The DOS Blocker can be very intense if the mazes are bigger and much more onerous, and really gets your heart beating. Fast scroll is a very helpful feature (Hold the scroll wheel on your mouse).This game has a pretty realistic take on the Deep Web, and I was very impressed with how most of the mechanics worked. Although it could have been explained in a much more explicative manner, when I figured out everything and how the sites could be accessed, it was a really interesting and fun game. If any of you are too scared to risk being on the Deep Web, but are really fascinated by it, this game is a must get. The price is super agreeable at $2 ($1.79 currently), and is pretty long in length if you don't get it at first.This game deserves a solid 8. The guessing parts were very frustrating (the game was pretty frustrating overall), but it has some fun to it. And yes, I guess I can say the Red Room ending could have been better, but I was way too happy to care when I beat it. It wasn't the worst thing ever. Hope my experience was helpful!"
76561198061132269,Recommended,485380,28024639,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,sh4dy,"This game:makes me paranoid like crazy,is stressful as f***,is frustrating as f***,makes you feel uncomfortable,got more russian hackers then cs:go& is a realy good deep web simulator.I had one heart attack after another,and i forgot a lot of times that i'm playing a game right now.This game is the master of dread in my opinion.It also teaches you that humans are the most disgusting & creepiest creatures on earth.Typing skills are also recommend for this game!"
,Recommended,485380,23787487,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,BobTheBacon,Got kidnapped outta nowhere and I got so scared I kneed my arm rest at 1000mph.10/10 would cry in fear and pain again.edit for 2.0 update:i spent $2 to never play this game again
,Recommended,485380,31028152,Posted: 8 April,all,Lady Sekhmet,"'Okay, let's do it.'*Clicks on some websites feeling like a champ.**Hears some footsteps.*'Nope nope nope'*Turns off the light and waits in the dark while praying to God*'♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥'*Alt + F4*"
,Recommended,485380,24207567,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Bobbysaken,*Buys game.**Plays game.**Plays tutorial.**Clicks on website.**Five minutes in and I hear a chair move.**Exits game.*10/10 would pay another $2 to click on websites.
76561198117465475,Recommended,485380,24490120,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Boss Baby,You get kidnapped by a Russian CS:GO player.
,Recommended,485380,24058634,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Xandonez,"Great game! I believe this game have a long future ahead: its developer only need to add more ways to you lose the game like: #1 Kidnapped by aliens, #2 Arrested by local cops, #3 Arrested by international cops, #3 Instant killed / slaughtered by Satan, #4 Someone who lives with you catches you accessing the Deep Web"
,Recommended,485380,32183778,Posted: 4 June,all,kuutti,DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME AT NIGHTi got so scared from the kidnapper that i threw my headphones.SCARY GAME
76561198048992856,Recommended,485380,31191505,Posted: 16 April,all,Penguin,"""Seems fine""*Hears Footstep**ALT + F4*"
,Recommended,485380,23590265,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,mcfacepalm,"I feel like this game put me on the FBI watch list.But in all seriousness, the game really makes you paranoid. I've actually gotten jumpscared by being hacked, let alone getting the game over. The game can tend to drag on with having to wait for pages to be up (I went through the entire list that was accessable during the first hour and only got one code). Also, it can be a pain when you get hacked due to having to type out an insane ammount of text, which causes you to lose a day and brings you back to 10AM.I think it would be amazing to have difficulty levels which would effect the difficulty of hacks. It seems that it's either super easy, or you have to type out an insane paragraph in 15 seconds.Dispire the short comings, the game is $2, and it is well worth it. Now if you excuse me, I'm going to lock myself in the shower."
,Recommended,485380,23988569,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,MayaTheStrangeOne,"I caught onto that Rides With Strangers reference you put in there.... (You know the one... Father... great way to build hype for your game btw)As for the actual game itself.Browsing the websites themselves is rather tedious. but that is to be expected from a game where you're searching through websites.Blocking hacks is very fun, especially the Kernal Compilers, they are fun to do and intense on the longer ones if you're a slow typer like myself.and let me tell you nothing is more spooky than playing this game at two in the morning and hearing the footsteps and mumbling of the kidnapper outside your house.spooky as hell, definitely not a game for the impatient though as some of the puzzles are hard to figure out and finding the codes for the red room can be damn near impossible, I haven't found any more than 3 codes in my time playing so far, been having to use a guide to help me out, but even then, being a randomly generated game, it's hard to follow a guide.other than that, well worth the price for a short and satisfying play."
76561198025222590,Not Recommended,485380,23591582,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,YouHappyNow,"I find it hard to complain about this game given the price (just under 2CAD at time of purchase) and the new and interesting horror premise, but I have to say it was immensely frustrating overall. Maybe I was missing something, but I gave it almost an hour before I lost interest.First of all, the core mechanic of deep web exploration is NOT fun. Here's why:- You are clicking links 99% of the time to check if sites are up (they are never up), and every time you navigate to a new page (no matter how, be it through a link or a browser action) it ""loads"" the page for at least a second. Furthermore, trying to navigate to another page during this time does nothing. This is not acceptable. If the game wants me to click back and forth between pages a lot to find out which ones are up at what time, it can't make it this slow and tedious to do so. I get why it's like that, but come on.- The above problem is compounded by the fact that certain links appear to be cosmetic (some randomized link names in between playthroughs indicate this, although I can't be certain), so I'm never sure if I'm wasting my time checking a particular link. This may have been the intention, but even so it is a mistake.- The few sites you are able to access at any given time are shallow and/or hopelessly obscure in their intent. I don't know about others, but I personally have not gotten more than a single layer deep into the links from the home wiki. I managed to get a single piece of the URL to the red room, and that was by clicking on ONE conspicuous link on a site linked directly from the wiki. It didn't lead me down an intriguing rabbit hole where I could track down clues, the four digits just appeared above the link after I clicked it. I'm assuming I didn't see the best the game could offer, but seriously?- In general, I have absolutely no idea how to proceed. I guess I'm supposed to spend many in-game days slowly building up my notes until I can navigate the deep web with ease, but this plan of action is frustrated by the other big problem with this game:The secondary mechanic of counterhacking is NOT fun. Here's why:- If you fail and get hacked, you might lose all your notes. YES, THIS CAN HAPPEN. The virtual notepad, what I thought was surely just a substitute for a real note-taking surface (which I assume most players could easily procure if needed, thus making the virtual one a mere courtesy), is actually a trap, and you're a sucker for using it. This actually baffles me a bit because it means whoever made this game thought people wouldn't immediately pick up a piece of paper and start using that instead. Again, I see the intent behind the design, I just don't care. This is just a mean trick.- One of the minigames is literally a typing test. Yes, a typing test. I won't say that it doesn't fit the theme of the game or that it couldn't have been done in a better way, but the current implementation sucks balls. You just have to write out what's written on the screen, so the only challenge is dexterity. And the challenge level has been balanced poorly; I'm a relatively fast typer so I never feel any tension during this minigame, but I can easily imagine the finger-pecking typists having lots of trouble with the parens and unconventional phrasing. I'd probably be sweating bullets if I had to find every symbol on the keyboard by looking at it I guess. That or throwing my laptop out the window in frustration.- The other one is just plain hard. Again, maybe I'm missing something (because I don't care enough to get good) but it seems like if I set just one of the turnable arrows wrong, the hack either hits an empty grid cell and starts again or hits the edge of the grid (completing the hack, which means I lose) simply based on luck. I guess I should be more careful, but the timer means that I'm frantically looking for the one correct configuration that will stop the hack WHILE the hack is progressing. It feels like too many things can go wrong here.If you can't tell from how much I had to say about this game, I do like it and care about it. It's an interesting idea and the presentation is solid, but there are non-trivial problems with the gameplay that need to be addressed if it's going to reach its potential. If this is supposed to be a finished product... dev/s, did you playtest this at all, or...?"
,Recommended,485380,23577441,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Cubbysablo,There's one thing you should know about this game.You either survive long enough to find the red room......Or see yourself become part of it.Welcome to the Game.Edit: I'm way too scared to play this game.
,Not Recommended,485380,23616454,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Stephen,"Interesting concept. Unfortunately, it's just not fun.There's potential here, though.Lessen the random dead links. Lessen the load time for dead links. Lessen the frequency of the ""hacker"".So far, I've not really made any progress, because I am just getting constant dead links, or hackers, and it is feeling more like boring work, rather than playing a game.There's potential here. And the game is cheap, so might be worth picking up anyway.But in general, ignoring price, I can't recommend this game presently."
,Recommended,485380,25020718,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Dabeth Upon Thy Haters,more Russian hackers than cs:go8/10 pretty cool concept
76561198031988474,Recommended,485380,23646246,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,dBlock,"Honestly, for $1.97 on sale (even then, it's under $3.00) this has to be one of THE best games I have played in a long time.  At first I thought to myself ""Well, if I beat it once then I guess I can just write down the site address and enter it the next time I play through it and I'll be finished the game in secnds"".Wow was I wrong.  It actually really confused me, on one puzzle, you have to click various parts of the site, I got all the way througfh it (finally) and then was kidnapped  I restarted the game and went straight to that puzzle... however it was completely different this time for what I had to click.This is also the same with other websites within the game as well, every time you start a new game the entire layout of where the codes are and whatnot is entirely different, there is only one site in the whole game that is pretty much the same spot every time.  I won't ruin that for anyone though.As you can see, I have 5+ hours out of $2.00 and I got up to 7 out of 8 codes and messed up and had to restart,  It is addicting yet difficult and until you beat it you will want to keep trying and trying.  To put that into a different light, I have games that I have paid $60 for and finished them in less than 8 hours.Developers, good job, thankyou very much for such an entertaining game (in my opinion at least) for such a low price.  I really hope you make another game like this or add a different story line as DLC in the future.  Maybe even add VR as an option in the future as this game in VR would be really different and it would definitely work.At the time of this review, there are slight bugs however they do not break the game nor interfere really.I can almost gauruntee almost everyone who can TYPE somewhat quick on a keyboard will enjoy this game more than those who don't have typing skills.  You need to be able to type fast at and time in the game."
,Not Recommended,485380,24096452,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Mr. Meow Mix,"4 hours in. Strategy down. Checking the area after every link. Stopping the lights for 1 full minute for every noise and for a minute and a half when my location services come on the laptop.Start a New Game. Day 1.... not even 2:30 am... just wrote down my 6th out of 8 keys, getting super lucky with them being in my regular spots, this is the run, no way I lose 75% done into night one. Do my normal check around the room after clicking the link and writing my key, all normal. Hear the window open right as I go back to browser. Immediately turn off lights and give it the 1 minute of silence. No footsteps or talking or anything, figure its too early for that anyways. Go back to computer, click on next link, ripped away from screen and kidnapped.There seriously needs to be more balance to make this not impossible. Getting caught on night one after only 4 hours of in game time passing is ridiculous. And epecially when you check the window after EVERY link and turn the lights out for a full minute after EVERY noise and you don't get a SINGLE notification (aka the location icon the game doesnt even tell you about - coming on, footsteps, talking etc... you know, only way to know hes there). Thats crazy and unfair. Not to mention there are too many dead/useless links, long load times for sites (super annoying with so many dead links) and there should be an option for a save point.Good concept. Great price. But ultimately a poor game if its nearly impossible to beat after following the games every given instruction (to the extreme) as well as its not given ones, leanring and following mechanics the game doesnt even tell you (like hey look for the location service icon on your screen, or about the noise that reveals hidden links on the screen, or the fact that even if the plain site is visible the secret link that has the key may not work at the that specific time so try again later instead of assuming thats a bad site). That makes it not fun and therefore not good.TL;DR: Balance game to make more possible, actually teach/explain mechanics, what to look for, and how to play, maybe remove a link or two, reduce (maybe half) load times (at least on dead sites) and add save points."
,Recommended,485380,24167204,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Mindvox,"Simply amazing. I highly recommend this game!Requires that you listen...carefully...(headphones are a must)Use your wits. Keep notes and hopefully the Russian won't find you before you are able to locate all the codes. Good luck, as the codes don't save or carry over (writing them down won't help). A game hasn't ever made my palms sweat like this--full blown stress response.Whoever made this obviously has a knowledge of the deep web as some of the sites are references to legit 'resources' that can be found far off in the dark web IRL. Prevent yourself from being kidnapped and/or hacked (reflexes required)What are you waiting for...the clock is ticking.10/10 what an experience.p.s. Don't play this game if you are easily upset by graphic content....Wait...sshhhh....did you hear that?"
,Recommended,485380,25525740,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,strategist,">Sees someone play the game>I stop watching the video so I don't spoil it>Buy game, see what's up>I didn't watch the trailer, so i had no idea that there's kidnappers>Browsing deep web, solving weird♥♥♥♥♥puzzles>chairmoves.mp3>i turn around and the chair is ♥♥♥♥ing pulled out from under the table>I try not to♥♥♥♥♥♥myself, I go back to browsing>creakingsound.wav>windowopen.jpeg>hacc.exe>never typed faster in my life>Got kidnapped by russians10/10 would get kidnapped by CSGO Russians again"
,Recommended,485380,31331832,Posted: 23 April,all,"Wow, Cool XxxTentacion T.shirt","Out of all the horror games ive played this is by far the most gripping, and terrifying ones. This game caused me to make noises I didn't know i could make, i started the game a normal person but after 3 in game days I was a paranoid sweaty mess of a human that was given chills by every sound I heard. I stopped playing ten minutes ago and I am still shakey and looking around nervously. amazing atmosphere and sound design."
,Recommended,485380,23668744,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,✪oSecret,"24 minutes in.0 keys found.Keep getting hacked.Stuff moving in my house.Getting worried.Someone just scared the crap outta me, first game that genuinely scared me,10/10.Will NEVER go on the deep dark web."
,Recommended,485380,23670574,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Harley,"Disclaimer: I have not finished the game yet.A note to the dev- while I really like this game and enjoy the premise, I would ask that the navigational symbol be reinstated for each time there is a danger of getting kidnapped, rather than some of the time. When zoomed into the computer, all noises in the house are not audible. I right clicked out of computer mode to listen and got jumpscared because, well, he'd been walking around and I couldn't hear him.The GPS symbol's return would be highly heralded, I think."
,Recommended,485380,30808623,Posted: 29 March,all,LEONTONER,Amazing game and super scary! Got my first Red Room at 8 hours in game played time! Yes the game has a basic goal but look past just the goal and read the sites this game is huge and requires loads of knowledge about the game to even win and be able to avoid getting killed and kidnapped gl ;)
,Recommended,485380,30621081,Posted: 19 March,all,coreyiscoolio,"What can you say about a Deep Web Simulator?The game is scaryYou go through websites that could be on the Deeb Weblooking for keys to combine to make a link so you can visit a Red Room.The jumpscares are so unexpected i haven't even gotten one and im scared to play.The atmosphere with the websites, the outside noises, and the noises the person makes while trying to kidnapp you is amazing. I can never tell if the sound is him or the website im on.The mic setting is awesome it makes the game so realistic.If you even breath you could be kidnapped or killed so fast and that's what makes this game a thriller to play10/10"
,Recommended,485380,24191985,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,SUPER TRAP,"Deep web hacking simulator + Kidnapper DLC>Bought the game for a rather cheap price>First try: Game crashes>Second try: Game crashes>Put everything on low>Third try: Game crashes>...>14th try: Finally, Jesus...>Game protagonist owns a PC which only has two things: ""A.N.N Browser"" and ""Notes"">Also, game protagonist has a friend named Adam>Adam teaches you that hackers will attempt to (you guessed it) hack you>""Not a problem, hackers hack, it's the deep web. Now where is the wicked stuff?"">Adam says something about an urban legend of a kidnapper who kidnaps people who are in the Deep Web>""Buuuuuuuullllllllshiiiiiiiiiittttt....."">Adam explains to you how will you get the link to enter a Red Room>Red Room is a type of website where people watch and participate in interactive torture and murder>Game protagonist has a mental problem>Adam says some websites are only available at some times of the night (e.g: a website may be on at 12 PM, may be off at 2 AM)>A.N.N's homepage is the Deep Wiki, basically a list of sites where you would want to go. Possibly.>Sees a site named ""Cannabis World"">Clicks the link>Starts to get hacked>It's a DOS minigame thing>Easy peasy, let's try to open Cannabis Wor->Gets hacked again>Tries to do that 5 times>5 times got hacked>♥♥♥♥this.png>Let's try another>DollMaker"".com"">Reads about 50 lines of how some creepy dude turns human girls into live sex toys>whatamidoingwithmylife.wmv>Tries to enter 174.6 different websites>""Server unable to connect"">youdontsay.jpg>EntersChosenAwake"".com"">Some weird stuff, the usual>Accidentally clicks on a dot>It lights up>IT'S A PUZZLE, YISS>Goes looking for the dots>There are so many dots>Big dots, small dots, dots that aren't dots>They must all be pressed in the right sequence>After 10 min of rage, did it>I've got a link>It leads to Deep Wiki II>Oh look, more websites>Websites which the server is unable to connect>ihatemylife.gif>About to enterLoogaroo"".com"">Hears a footstep>""IT'S THE KIDNAPPER OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH GAAAAAAAAAAWD"">Turns lights off>Don't make a sound on the mic (apparently the mic is linked to the game, so if you make a noise, game protagonist does too)>30 seconds later I'm frozen>""He's so gonna catch me now"">2 min later>""k he's probably gone now"">probably>EntersLoogaroo"".com"">Gets hacked countless times>The kernel ones are so slow, the DOS ones are so fast>Got hacked, lost my notes>Including the one who told me the link to Deep Web II>Gotta do everything again>Hacked>Hacked>Unable to connect>Hacked>Unable to connect>Footstep>Turns lights off>Turns lights on>Hacked>Repeat this 5 times>Finally got somewhere>Website calledGatekeeper.com(I won't put those quotation marks anymore, you got the point)>The website is a damn quiz, of all the other websites informations>Everytime you hit the wrong choice, hack time>Now, time to go look on all the sites to get the info>Unable to connect>I just need to know when the sites are online>But I will never know>Because there are too many websites to look in too little time>icryeverytime.mp3>Time to do it the impatient way>Hackers try to hack me over 15 times, they achieved 4>But I got one part of the Red Room link>One part...of eight>I'd have to go through all of that♥♥♥♥♥♥ 7 more times>Rage quits10/10 would get hacked again"
76561198160933231,Recommended,485380,24518837,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,chrissy.ondek05,"> play game> hear creak of footsteps> turn off lights, lose a couple of days from a hack> daymn it> see kidnapper walk past window> DAYMN IT> wait several minutes of hearing nothing and go back to deep webbing> see someone coming in through my window>nope.com> CTRL + ALT + DELETE> never played again10/10 would not get spooked by fictional kidnappers again"
,Recommended,485380,32006242,Posted: 27 May,all,DankPastaMaster,"Takes paranoia to the next level, superb game and concept, the horror feel is top notch."
76561198159797186,Recommended,485380,25472748,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Comrade Potato,"Heard it was made by the devolopers of Rides with Strangers. Wanted to give it try. Ended up slamming AltF4 numerous times. 10/10 would never want to get kidnapped by Russians deterred by darkness again.No but in all seriousness, a wonderful game for its price, a nice project for the devs. Creepy and horrifying in an-all new and real kind of way. One of those games that makes you wanna stay still and never move again. Or look around. At all.Also, what I found most creepy *POTENTIAL SPOILERS AHEAD*Is the fact that I'm wondering if this game is tied to Rides with Strangers in any way. First of all, many of the disturbing articles focus on young women in their twenties. The butcher looks for them, the doll maker mentioned having one that was 22 as one of his ""toys,"" a 22-year old woman admits on Forgive me that she wants to be kidnapped and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ And plus, I've heard from some Russian speakers that the kidnapper says ""Baby, good evening"" before he takes you. This could imply that the player is a young woman in their twenties.Who else is a young woman in their twenties? I would guess Elora, from RwS. Also, the most chilling of facts is that in one of the sites, a client asks, ""Where is the current location of Elora Silverman."" Could just be a coicidence, but seems a bit spooky to me.Conspiracy theories aside, great game, and I highly suggest you spend the 2 bucks for the experience."
,Not Recommended,485380,23602078,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Calculon000,"Welcome to the Game is an interesting attempt at combining horror and hacking, but it feels unfinished and doesn't do either very well.The mechanics of the game, while grounded in gameplay balance, seem arbitrary and unjustified. A 30-day time limit is revealed early on in the game, but why a time limit, and why 30 days?The core of the game is visiting random websites and simply seeing what you can find, eventually hoping to find fragments of the URL to the Red Room website. Most of the links at any given time are dead, and are apparently only operational during certain hours of the day. Why this is the case is never explained. Most of the game for me consisted of trial and error in trying one link, finding a 404 page in the vast majority of cases, and then going back and trying the next one.At random, hackers will try to ""hack"" you, and you have to complete one of two minigames to resist. The minigames themselves are challenging and infrequent enough to be servicable, but why do hackers care enough about you to bother in the first place?You have the ability to step away from your computer and look around the room you're in, which you will need for the kidnapper mechanic. When you start a new game, a russian guy starts creeping around in an attempt to kidnap you, which results in a game over. To prevent him from finding you, when you hear noises from around you that sound especially kidnappy, you turn round in your chair and turn off your room lights and wait an indetermininant amount of time before flicking them back on and continuing to play the game. I'm not kidding. Why someone would want to kidnap you specifically is unexplained, so I guess he was so busy kidnapping everyone in the world who starts using the deep web, he didn't have time to buy a flashlight.I can see the potential of kidnapper mechanic, but it quickly becomes more annoying than scary and feels more like an arbitrary interruption to playing the game than part of it.The writing in a lot of the websites kept my interest, but in the end the biggest flaw this game has is that at it's core it's more tedious than it's worth. When clicking a link you have to wait a few seconds for it to load, and the trial-and-error nature of the links and puzzles results in you waiting for that loading bar at the top of your browser again and again.This game was less than $2 for me on steam, so it's not exactly a purchase I regret but for all the potential it has, it feels incomplete. They should have spent 2.5 times the effort developing the game and sold it for $5, and I hope they do just that should they ever make a sequel.At it's price it won't really be a waste of your money, but it will be a waste of your time."
,Recommended,485380,24561047,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,E.E. (Peary),"By the time i had to repeat the goddamn circle clicking puzzle for the millionth time, I WAS BEGGING TO BE KIDNAPPED AND MURDERED.Please just enter my house and end my misery.Turning off the light also turns off your monitor.Whoever wired the electricity in this house was more Vodka than man.Other that that, i'm not sure what to say.My initial impression is that you will need LOTS of patience with this game.On the other hand, Deep Web Kush.And what's the biggest spoiler? Mister Strelok doesn't know that i have a goddamn gun.A gun that i bought on the Deep Web."
,Recommended,485380,27974152,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,tsu,Heard a footstep and turned it off
,Recommended,485380,23660461,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,amontiellomusic,"Pros-very interesting concept.-a horror game that is actually horrifying.-the dark web sites are actually accurate.-makes me cringe, which is why I spent the 2 bucks.Cons-didn't realize what I was getting into.♥♥♥♥♥♥myself like five times.-not a game I can easily play in the dark.-I am now paranoid whenever I'm on the internet in general at night now.-THERE IS SOMEONE IN MY HOUSE.-I'M ♥♥♥♥ING KIDNAPPED AND BEING TORTURED IN A RED ROOM NOW.10/10 would get tortured again."
76561198110454502,Recommended,485380,31189409,Posted: 16 April,all,Steven Yeun,Freaking terrifying. Uninstalled after one time. I'm too scared
,Recommended,485380,24286287,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Noir,">Saw friend beat game>Gained confidence>Bought game>Started game>Acted brave in front of my friends>Gets to Day 5 without a code> Hears kidnapper first time>Craps pants at every hack afterwards>Gets to DAY 15 NO CODES (Mainly because hacked)>Gives up and stares at window, daring kinapper to come thorugh window>Sees kidnapper jump through windowAlt+f410/10 Would run faster that the Flash again"
,Recommended,485380,33488138,Posted: 12 July,all,Curtis1234,Getting scared is fun?
,Recommended,485380,24110238,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,hylian bun,Screamed out loud. Scared the dogs.Ready to play again when it's dark outside.10/10 fun!
,Recommended,485380,23601490,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,✿SENPAI✿JO,"I like this game for better or for worse.- For better --I have a interest in 'deep' web horror stories , so playing in a game that lets you be featured in such a horror story to me is a fun and exciting thing.-I found the content on the site scary enough to keep my interest in wanting to read more .-The sound in this game is great , it works well to keep you on your toes and scared most if not all the time.-When you do fail it almost always makes me jump and curse because I truly want to see what happens once I compleate the game. So while you don't get a lot of 'story'  you still feel a need to complete the task at hand.-For worse-- I can't type fast for♥♥♥♥♥♥- I feel like I don't have a lot of time to view pages to read the content without having to flip off lights or being hacked.- As some people complained the gameplay is sometimes very very slow and with getting hacked a lot of the time it makes it just that much longer.- Some bugs - There is a crashing bug that some people are having at the red room loading screen. For me I fixed this by setting things on med , with a low res and in windowed mode. However the dev has been working with me to fix the issue asap. So +1 points for that.- I can't play with my touchpad / this is a small nit pick as a laptop user but it's nothing a nice mouse can't fix so.- Final words -I like this game sure there are some problems but for me I really enjoy it so far and would recommend anyone who has what $2 in their pocket and likes deep web horror stuff to pick up this game.I'd also like to mention again that with my issues with the game in terms of bugs/crashes the dev has been quick to help me figure out the problem for a fix."
,Recommended,485380,23923759,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,✪ T.,sp00ky g4m3that russian kidnapper scared♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me
,Recommended,485380,26718832,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Strove,If you like Deep Web stuff and simulation games this is for you!
76561198202820392,Recommended,485380,25238087,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Lumpy,"Very interesting game, and definately worth 2 bucks.Pros:Cool context and storySoundsJumpscaresCon:Fun for only one hour, then gets boringMonotonous tasks, basically just clicking on links, and looking for patterns"
76561198156049824,Recommended,485380,31316543,Posted: 23 April,all,FinnsChips,"This game is absolutely terrifying, in that there's so many things to do and check and be sure of that it becomes a constant pattern of search through sites, hear a slight noise, freak out, look around, turn all the lights off, andget caught by that bloody breather guy in the dark and♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself. i've died twice already and both times it was terrifying. This game is great if you just want a good old horror puzzler, and it is genuinely interesting to search through all the sites."
,Recommended,485380,31903022,Posted: 22 May,all,Schlafmütze,"Another indie-game? - Gah!       A game about the Deep Web? - You got my attention!Welcome To The Game is basically a browser simulator in which you have to find 8 hidden keys on websites like drugstores, assassin-hire-services and porn-hubs in order to unlock a URL to a Red Room to see live how a person is tortured and dies - and yes, that sounds f*cked up!And of course there are a few dangers out on the deep web. Of being hacked by hackers, who track your IP adress up to a kidnapper and (since the major 2.0 update) a serial killer who are stalking you at home and try to kidnap/kill you every cliche about the deep web is implented in this ""Deep-Web-Simulator"".My conclusion: Solid horror game with content NEVER seen before in a video game. But be warned: The game is VERY difficult.And the developer Adam Flatau has great ideas of how to build an innovative horror game. Can't wait for Rides With Strangers :DAnd if you're still not sure if you gonna buy it or not, give it a try! It only costs 2$! This is totally worth it!Edit (18.09.2017): Currently price change to 5$ because of RwS development problems. WTTG2: The Game Has Just Begun coming soon :D"
,Recommended,485380,24108416,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,pain meat,JEUSS ♥♥♥♥CING CHRIST WHO IS THE GUY WHO KEEPS MOVING THE CHAIR AROUND IT SCARES THE♥♥♥♥♥♥OUT OF ME10/10
76561198048974498,Recommended,485380,23597794,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,rjmacready,"This is a highly educational program, which all school-aged children should be forced to play.First of all, it teaches kids to hate Bill Gates, as his recently-released virus called Windows 10 apparently stops the program from functioning correctly, forcing you to downgrade your graphics to Medium quality, even if you have a computer with decent specs. Teaching children to hate the evil Bill Gates is, I'm sure you will agree, a positive step forward in the lives of all young people, who would otherwise appear to unquestioningly buy into each and every unnecessary new product or ""trend"" he forces upon them, just so that he can have yet another ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t product to sell (white slavers charge a fortune for ten year-old Russian girls these days).Secondly, it teaches children to type. FAST. Basically, you have little chance of getting very far in this game if you're not a very good touch typist. Maybe this will force little Johnny to stop texting gibberish on his iphone, and finally make him learn how to type sentences with more than five (misspelled) words in his Facebook messages. This will ensure that little Johnny can get a good-paying job in a faceless corporation, like Microsoft for instance, slowly making his way up from♥♥♥♥♥♥kicking admin officer all the way through to the position of Lord Satan himself...a.k.a. Mr Bill Gates.Thirdly, it teaches children to be resourceful. At first, it might seem like there's no way to exit the game without hitting the Windows button and closing the game from there, but improvisation with the game's in-screen computer monitor will prove otherwise. Cheeky devs.Fourthly, it teaches children that there are a multitude of hackers out there, always seeking the opportunity to screw one over. Occasionally, these people will even infiltrate your home and physically kidnap you. (Hey, Uncle Bill occasionally likes a fat guy in his forties with a beard, too).Fifthly, it teaches children that THE INTERNET IS BAD. It is full of bad, bad, evil things, which should never be seen by human eyes. All sorts of wicked sites trying to sell you the most vicious of products, or brainwash you into the most heinous of ideologies. It also has lots of naked chicks (though none, regrettably, in this game).Lastly, and perhaps most importantly, this game teaches children that not all games influenced by Five Nights at Freddy's need to be completely blatant rip-offs thereof. Even in this day and age, and on what one can only presume was a minuscule budget with minimal staffing, a fledgling game design ""company"" can produce a product which isn't like several hundred other very similar products, and can furthermore be sensible enough to charge ♥♥♥♥-all dollars and ♥♥♥♥-all cents in a marketplace already overflowing with new and supposedly ""innovative"" product.Verdict: 7/10.(PS Oh, and one other thing it teaches children which I neglected to mention: failure. Over and over again. Get kidnapped and it's back to the drawing board, a.k.a. ""New Game"". If it wasn't such an intriguing game besides, I'd be sorely tempted to go onto a certain Deep Web site right now and have the ♥♥♥♥ing dev's kneecaps broken.)"
,Not Recommended,485380,24211936,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Darturias,"The mechanics are dull. Spending the entire game searching for pieces of code through a bunch of links (most of them always offline or up only at random periods of time) while trying to avoid being hacked through ""minigames"" (I don't know how the stores can make profit with his clients trying to be hacked with logical games and writing contests every time they click the ""buy"" button) and BEST OF ALL, while being chased by a kidnapper who can track you down in fifteen minutes since you start surfing the dark web (why??) but can't know where you are if you turn off the room lights.This was the most boring scavenge I've done, and the only thrilling part was hiding from the kidnapper moth who came from Russia to your backyard in 15 minutes but can't chase you if you turn off the lights.This could habe been a lot better if it was designed as a clue hunting through the websites, cracking codes on the pages and following links and traces to open new features or to dig deeper, not just ""click, see what's online, write down the code and then put it all together"".The idea is great and I hope they make more games based in this concept. Unfortunately the game itself wasn't so great at all."
,Not Recommended,485380,24134869,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,VoidTheDecision,"Pretty boring honestly. Not really sure what I expected, but it was much more than this. More that half the websites won't load, and the excuse is that they will ""only load at a certain time on the night"". Well since it takes 15 seconds to load ANY page, it took me an hour to even look at all the pages, let alone visit them at certain parts of the night. Not to mention the fact that every webpage is just that: a single page. None of the links on any given website will go anywhere. Oh, they're clickable, but every single one leads to a DNS error. Even with all that, there's no excuse for the constant annoying 'hacking' that goes on. Sometimes it'll happen 4 times in a minute. Each time you need to type 5 lines of code to continue playing. It's not hard or scary, it's just annoying.Really dissapointed that I spent time on this. It was a waste of my morning and my money."
,Recommended,485380,29510285,Posted: 26 January,all,[Loli Squad]DR Mond Arzt Wox🦄,"60$ for terrible games now days ,yet 2$ for brilliance."
,Recommended,485380,25469157,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Kema | hellcase.com,"This may contain spoilers for the game, so read at your own risk?(Also, please forgive me or spelling mistakes, i tried my best to skim through and find them, but if you see any, please tell me!)-(Another quick note, this is based around the game before the 0.2.0 update, so don't expect to find anything about the cloud grid or things like that in this review.)-holy s h i t dudethis game is awesomeI have major anxiety, and oh bOy this game made my paranoia skyrocketThe point of ""Welcome to the Game"" is somewhat simple: find codes on various websites, put them together, and bam you get to watch some sweet sweet red room action. But, there's one little catch: You also have to avoid hackers, strange deepweb websites, Russian kidnappers, and.. well, pretty much your own ears. The game focuses a whole lot on sound, especially with the microphone option turned on, so make sure you're not using cheap headphones. Every sound is something: Chairs scrapping against your floor, knocking or banging, voices, footsteps, even breathing (that isn't your own of course) are threats to you and your data. When you turn the lights out, and the microphone is on, make sure to shut your trap. Every sound from a nervous half-breath to ""oops you accidentally knocked over 10 pounds of your mother's priceless china"" can cause the kidnappers to come right on over and do whatever they please. The codes are a bit tricky to find considering most of the websites that contain them only are able to be visited on certain points throughout the day. Plus, some sites with text are VERY long, so some codes are a bit tricky to locate. This game is very immersive, again even when the microphone is on. I personally found out about this game from Markiplier and Jacksepticeye, and even while watching them play it, like a lot of people, I was sp00ked out of my socks. When the lights are on and you begin to hear sounds, every little thing makes you jump up and practically dive for the lightswitch. When the lights are off, and you're holding your breath in order to not make a single sound, the crickets outside the window don't help much. It also immerses you into it by making you actually write down the codes in the notes provided you find instead of just clicking them or something. The game was a bit slow on my laptop, but that's probably only because my laptop isn't very good with games. I just really enjoy the concept of this game and how they executed the idea so very based around noises and such. I recommend this game to anyone who likes horror games that have tough puzzles, invasive mechanics, and just an overall fearful atmosphere to it. I'm surprised it's only two dollars; it's such a wonderful game. If you have an extra two dollars,  recommend you purchase this, or maybe just put it on your wishlist for sometime else."
,Recommended,485380,26703906,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,"Aaron Burr, Sir","This game has mastered the art of dread...It will get you sitting at the edge of your seat as you are bombarded with feelings like fear from the unknown dangers that lurk in the outside world as you browse the Deep Web, fascinated (and horrified at the same time) from the unpleasant, creepy, and bizzare things that lies within the Deep Web, and fearfully anxious about the anonymous elements and factors that ""Welcome to the Game"" has to offer. I would recommend this game to ANYONE who loves a good spook, enjoys an interesting storyline/main goal, or is just up to the difficult challenge of searching for the Red Room...Definitely worth the price!"
,Recommended,485380,23715758,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,w o a d,*Russian comes in house**Russian moves chair**You look around your room**No Russians**You turn off you light**Russian makes confused prehistoric noise and forgets about your existance*10/10 The most realistic fun ive had in years
,Recommended,485380,33979412,Posted: 2 August,all,Irish Of Nugget,"This is an interesting game about exploring ""The Deep Web"" trying to find pieces of a URL so you can go to ""The Red Room"" now I will list my pros and consPros-Interesting premise like very interesting to explore ""The Deep Web"" in this game-The atmosphere is actually a lot more unnerving that I expected it to be and always feels very tense-The amount of websites you can visit just blew my mind I did not expect there to be a whole boat load of websites to explore-They really did well with making you tense every little sound makes me jump and panic so well done on that part-The mechanics are really interesting espscially ""The Breather"" he interests me the most and is at times more creepy then ""The Kidnapper""-The people trying to get to you are just plain creepy and help add to the tense atmosphere the main one ""The Kidnapper"" tracks you and tries to kidnap you simple ""The Breather"" will stay outside your house and try to get in through the front door which is tense as hell if he is right outside itCons-It can take forever to figure out some puzzles to find the URL pieces-Sometimes I have no idea what sounds are ""The Kidnapper"" or not which can be frustrating if I hear a sound and ignore it because I think it's ambiance and then dieVerdict-Terrifying and Tense Atmosphere-Great Graphics and Good Animation-Interesting Premise and Mechanics-Creepy and Terrifying people hunting for you-URL pieces are a tad to difficult to find**Score 9/10**"
,Recommended,485380,25862128,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,DukeVonC,"[This was written on October 4th 2016]10/10 Would try to open XXXTEENSXXX until getting eventually kidnaped again.(TL;DR ON THE BOTTOM)Ok, serious time now. This game is great. I was planning on buying this when it was on sale but that never happened so i eventually fell into dispair and bought it at full price. I do not regret it, and i will most surely buy the DLC when the next update comes out. Game is wicked fun and also quite challenging! At first i just thought i had to browse pages and eventually get my keys but this is a puzzle-y game! And not an ""every-time-is-the-same"" kind of puzzle-y game, it changes every time you start a new game! (and so do the urls).The game consist basically in completing various puzzles to get eight ""codes"" that will form at the end a url that leads you to the red room. The codes save on the ""notepad"" app in the game, but i rather keeping track of them on a real notepad. While solving the puzzles you will get two kind of attack, that are basically minigames. A DOS attack and a Kernel attack, the DOS is a minigame where you need to make a path with some arrows to get to a destination, while the Kernel attack is like ""type of the dead"" where you need to type a few lines of code. If you loose, the amount of days will increase and there's a chance that you also get your notes deleted. There is also the kidnapper that has given me a nice amount of mini-heart attacks. The deeper you get in the deep web, the more codes you have and the more days you've been playing, there's more chances for the kidnapper to get you. You can evade the kidnapper by turning off the lights and not moving (and if you have your microphone on, then you have to be also quiet). For now, the game consists on 2 ""wikis"", that have each one a nice amount of pages and sub-pages for you to find the codes.A nice way to practice the mini games is getting yourself the url to the deep wiki 2 and do the gate keeper page, where if you fail it will give you a nice little attack. I use those to get some practice. I play with a notepad and keeping track of things i consider important, or things i need to answer on the gate keeper. This is a really nice challenging game with pretty nice and refreshing topic. This is a really nice game and i recommend it 100%.TL;DR:Nice game, fresh idea, good mechanics, challenging gameplay and puzzles. a solid 8.5/10"
,Recommended,485380,23685588,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,xjosephx,"Horror games are my favourite, and there are few that make me anxious about playing them. This is now one of them.+ effortlessly tense atmosphere+ great sound+ why has that chair moved+ low £££- entry mimic hack becomes tedious FAST- throwing up on your self from sheer paranoiaA lot of reviews complaining about 'dead links' to sites. - do some homework on the deepweb, they are closed/moved frequently, this game is a fanrastic replication."
,Recommended,485380,23657599,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Samson,Samson: It doesn't seem that bad.10 minutes laterKidnapper in the houseSamson: I DONT WANT TO PLAY THIS ANYMORE!!!!!
,Recommended,485380,24634074,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Bandit,The game concept is good and it is worth getting for 1.99$/usd.The spooks in the game are amazing :)P.S i no good english
,Recommended,485380,32076482,Posted: 30 May,all,The-Lost-Demon,Really got me on the edge of my seat. Such a unique idea and so well done.If you like games that will make you♥♥♥♥♥♥scared then you got to play this one.10/10- Best tutorial on how to SH!T your pants
,Recommended,485380,29177746,Posted: 10 January,all,ThatGuyJohdyn,"Have not finished it, but honestly one of the most original, creepiest games ever. It doesn't have jump scares straight away, But yeah. Great, terrifying atmosphere this game gives. love it."
76561198127332758,Recommended,485380,25488006,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Outfox_Azrael,When the game comes at you with a 6 line Kernel and you hear the chair in your den creak..... 8/10 good game. -2 for the diarrhea factor but that only means it's doing it's job so +4. 12/10 Final score.
,Recommended,485380,24152633,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,NuikopeaDemon,Back from being Kidnapped I have learnt my lesson NEVER EXPLORE THE DEEP WEB!!!!TRUST ME!!!! DO NOT GO ON THE DEEP WEB!!!!
,Recommended,485380,23783226,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Snowy,"Creepy. Need your sound on for ultimate experience. For the cheap price, I definitely recommend it."
11112222233334444,Recommended,485380,25542979,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Neo,AmazingScared the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of meI was just looking around untill i just see that arrow and bamU commin wit us
,Recommended,485380,23634207,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Mattster,"Welcome to the game is a great horror game which invlolves you seeking out codes on the dark web with the many challenges you have to overcome present. There are hackers that will repeatedly try to hack you which you have to counter with simple but difficult methods such as typing out code on a time limit or creating a route to the end of a maze, all to prevent you from losing precious days and notes that you take on your journey to find a red room. This game is difficult and it requires perseverance you must be able to keep trying to search for websites and keys and gateways to finding more websites and codes hidden inside. Kidnappers may try to find you at your house which creates an atnmosphere of fear and pressure to continue while carefully being aware of what is happening around you always adding to the challenge of the game.The game offers a challenge and a well made structure of determination and puzzle solving with a main goal of finally reaching a much sought objective while putting you under pressure and fear. It utilizes the potential of the dark web which has been portrayed very effectively in the game, you will find yourself on a journey through the dark web and all the different types of websites, communities, people etc that it offers in all it's sick, twisted, chilling, confusing and interesting features with a large variety of websites that portray this atmosphere very well. The dark web is a great subject for games which because it has such a real feeling to it and it makes you feel like a modern day adventurer, searching through depths that are dangerous and riddled with mystery, it's a place in which humans can express their darkest interests and activities and when you venture through it gives you an insight into humanity's dark side, you're an observer of all manor of things that people can express with anonymity and immunity from the law. The fact that you as the main character are seeking a 'Red Room' for the desire of witnessing someone being tortured and killed adds an element of yourself being part of this dark part of the internet, venturing through the depths in search of small hidden details.This game is great, it's simple but offers a great experience with it's depth and atmosphere, it makes you feel like a puzzle solver and explorer while under the pressures of the hackers and kidnappers, it gives two realities, the dark and uncertain web filled with all manor of horrors and desires and the real world that is always there and always presents the threat and danger of people that find you as a result of your activity on the web. It offers structure and mystery through extensive trial and error and searching efforts. You feel as if you must continue and finally reahc the objective and after all your efforts, when you finally reach the end you realise that the journey was indeed more than the destination. You question why the character goes along with the challenge of finding a ""Red Room"" but you continue, you create the journey he takes through the danger and fear of the world of the uncertain. This game has a deep meaning to it. If you search hard enough you plunge deep into a world you cannot return from, like the journey of life, as you go through you change and your experiences mould you into a person you were not before, once you go through with it you cannot simpy go back. Nothing can be undone."
76561198166307987,Recommended,485380,30054719,Posted: 20 February,all,Juans Taco,Game is really horrifying. I just can't seem to put more hours into this game only because of how scary it is. I'm brave enough to even reach the 1 hour mark.
76561198392272285,Recommended,485380,32685733,Posted: 23 June,all,help,Good game but 1 thing i did not like is the mouse on the gameyou need to go up a little just to click on something very annoying
,Recommended,485380,24168425,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Raptor,This game is amazing.
76561198137526056,Recommended,485380,23766171,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,DarkSkull,"I would like to start with ""Wow""This game is a very atmospheric horror game, with a very interesting concept.The programmer of this Game put a lot details in to this game, and the websites have a lot of textes , which really make you feel like you are surfing  in the Deep Web. I also find it interesting that you can get ""hacked"" or ""kidnaped"" ingame and that you`ve only got a limited amount of time to find the Codes, which you are looking for. The Hacker attacks are not to difficult neither are they to easy. If you like puzzles, with a touch of horror, this is the game you are looking for. I`ve only got one negative point to add to this review, it can get a little annoying, when you are surfing around in the ""Deep Web"" and the most links don`t work for you, some links can only get activated in a special time frame, but it still can get frustrating, if you´re clicking around and nothing happens.But all in all I can say, therefore that this game is quite new and quite cheap , you get a good balanced and constantly updated game, with an uncommon Theme. If you like this Theme, you should definitely give this Game a Chance, I rate 8/10."
,Recommended,485380,23659366,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,MC Ride,"I haven´t played this game a lot (because im a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥) but I can say it´s a very scary game indeed,the dev of this game,Adam,sure knows how to make a scary game,and he´s kind of insane,wich is awesome,he actually offered a ♥♥♥♥ing steam key of the game to whoever actually went on the real deep web to get it xD It´s a fun little game,wich is not easy,and is very very scary,the only thing I hold against the game is that you don´t get that much for completing it,but it´s not that important really."
76561198310206537,Recommended,485380,31211272,Posted: 17 April,all,jeremyprinkey11,"Dear Adam,This was the best horror game that i have ever played in my life... the V.A.P.E attacks add so much too it indeed, but they can also be a bit confusing, so can you elaborate in the tutorial please. Apart from that this game is terrifying and definetly brings a new definition to the word ""horror"".Best of Luck,JeremyPrinkey11"
76561198203204627,Recommended,485380,23663989,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,redhataugust,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥! This game is TERRIFYING!!! I usually can hold my own when it comes to scary games, but this one really has me in its grasp. I really appreciate the way that this was developed and see that the developer has put some serious time and thought into this. Sure, there are a few other comments here that talk about dead links and it taking time - both true - but if the dead links were not present, then it'd take FOREVER!!! Lol. The mechanics of the game seem to shift too, so if you made progress in one session and fail, it will be potentially be different on your next round.This game has me looking over my shoulder in game and irl all the time. Talk about the perfect way to develop paranoia! If you like hacking games or games that are based on the computing industry, have decent typing skills, like to dig around and discover, and enjoy getting the royal♥♥♥♥♥♥scared out of you, get this game! I have not beat it yet, but I have enjoyed the time I spent on it enough to give this review. For only $1.99 or less, this game is a steal. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!"
,Recommended,485380,26564127,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,yo boi ducc da ducc bandit,"ALL THE WAY! It's a very scary game, and has alot of potential! If you're a jumpy person though, might be best just watching."
,Recommended,485380,34354132,Posted: 19 August,all,Spexxkri Shwrapcheff,A found a milk site?
76561198255881838,Not Recommended,485380,31923249,Posted: 23 May,all,DV86,"I bought this game as it was recommended by Steam as being similar to Uplink and Hacknet. If that is why you are here, do not buy this game. It is nothing like either of them. In fact, I couldn't really recommend this game to anyone and am genuinely baffled by the number of positive reviews.It is not fun or enjoyable at all.It is a simulation of clicking on broken links, clicking randomly all over the websites that do load, resetting your router and looking out your window. There is no point in scouring each site for clues in the hopes of slowly unravelling a dark conspiracy. Just pure, mindless, brute-force clicking. The ""hacking"" tag is there because you will be randomly hacked if you go too long between router resets. The ""hacking"" minigames are awful, and, again, nothing like Uplink or Hacknet. In one, you click around some squares so they don't touch other squares; in another, you click arrows so they point towards other arrows; in the last, and worst one of the three, you must transcribe several case-sensitive lines of random code. If you have yet to buy the game and are wondering if this is fun or not, go to a random web page, right click it and go to ""View Source"" then type everything you see into Notepad. If you loved that experience but would prefer to first be laughed at by a pixellated skull, this may be the game for you.So if it does not appeal to hacking game fans, it must appeal to horror game fans. Again, I am confused. Other than the frustration of being hacked after finally getting two pages to load successfully, the horror comes from two jump scares. These are both described in the tutorial and are utterly nonsensical. One is a maniac killer who won't kill you if you turn your lights off, the other is a kidnapper who won't kidnap you if you hold  your door handle. Once you have experienced both, they too become frustrations that you have to work around and you settle into a pattern. Click a link, click 'back' when the page doesn't load, click another link, click around randomly on that page, reset your router, click another link, click randomly some more, turn off your lights, check the front door, click another link, get hacked, rinse, repeat.The biggest frustration comes from the fact that there feels like there is so much potential in this game. The dark net pages, when they do load, are genuinely disturbing, as is the overall premise of trying to find a link to the Red Room. But you don't get to savour the atmosphere as you are busy clicking around like a madman and plotting your next router reset. This review would not have been so negative if there had just been a way to read the websites at your own pace.The game is cheap enough that writing this review might come across as a bit silly, but at time of writing, Hacknet is on sale for nearly the same price (and is still worth it even when it's at full price) and is an infinitely more fun game. Please, do yourself a favour and look at some Youtube playthroughs of this game before downloading it. But judging by its popularity, I wonder if Welcome to the Game is just some in-joke that I missed the punchline to."
,Recommended,485380,24347433,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Spikey,"Just started playing, and it already seems amazing. Especially for the price."
,Recommended,485380,25622064,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Pretty Prince,"Played this alongside my partner. We didn't manage to get far but we were paranoid so much a long the way. At first when I was typing in the notes, my Partner said &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥ The kidnappers here and he's eating dorito's beside you!"" We laughed like you would but then I went on a website and it was an old priest voice. I clicked out of the website and he kept talking so again my partner said. ""He's finished eating now he's trying to talk to you!"" I then exited the computer and turned to see him standing there just staring at me.. Part of me thought I saw dorito crumbs on his bottom lip."
,Recommended,485380,23660616,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,KitKat,Best game for people beginning to learn how to type.
76561198307602383,Recommended,485380,24900203,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Wiccanforever13,Okay so I've played this very few times. It is pretty intense and I do like it. Kudos to the creators it actually managed to to get me to jump and scream at one point. I have not gotten to the ending myself but did watch a completed version. I will have to say that ending is disappointing. No I was not expecting a real red room but at least something to make it worth the craziness that I had to go through to get codes. I have to say what I saw didn't seem to worth it. But for thr game play itself I like it!!!
,Recommended,485380,23601617,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Midnight,website oneunable to connectwebsite twounable to connecthackedkidnappedrealistic game/10
76561198142296905,Recommended,485380,33634983,Posted: 18 July,all,MrSpK21,"Bought this game not knowing what it was about. I get to Day 4, I walk to the door, then walk back to the computer in the process I am strangled to death, I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants in these 5 seconds. 10/10 would play again."
76561198027986874,Recommended,485380,28879962,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Czikkan Hardt,"Alone in my house at 2:38 PM. Middle of the day. Already uneasy getting into the game for the first time. I think I hear a couple noises, and back away from the computer, looking out the window and around the room. I screwed the address up on the site I was trying to reach, so I get back to fixing it.I hear what sounds like a chair sliding next to me.I hit escape and quit the game.It took truly pulling a ""NOPE"" move to realize I don't think I've ever been so stressed out by one of these horror/simulation games that I literally shut it off.Waiting to get back on when my brother can watch -- and I'm perhaps not so pants-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly frightened to play."
,Not Recommended,485380,32743064,Posted: 24 June,all,clavain,"Don't buy this game. It is incredibly tedious, bordering on impossible to complete even when using all existing guides. You will find yourself trawling through boring webpages, looking for keys which are hidden behind oddly specific, practically unsolvable, randomly generated puzzles. The keys you're searching for and solutions change each time to prevent any kind of progress, which is compounded by the fact that you cannot save. Every time you die because of ""the Breather"" or ""the Kidnapper"" your entire progress, hours worth of tedious scrolling and reading, is reset. It's even worse because their audio cues are inconsistent and they can both arrive at once, meaning there are scenarios where it is literally impossible to not die, despite not making any mistakes.I spent two hours playing this game with my partner - one hour blind, and one hours after reading and while cross-referencing guides. Despite this, and the fact that both of us are experienced with puzzle games, we only found one of seven security keys and eventually quit because of frustration when that one key was snatched away by ""the Breather"".Disappointing,"
,Recommended,485380,24177554,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,deathmachine50001(Hates Hugs),*browsing through the doll website**hears chair move**exits game*10/10
,Recommended,485380,23661631,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,shadowwalker421,"This is a great game, infact it's the only horror game that I like. However, while the tutorial explains how to play, there doesn't seem to be anything saying how to do things like properly close the game, or save, etc. Everytime I exit the game, I use the task manager shortcut, click 'end task' and hope it autosaved recently. I tried looking online, but couldn't find any help. Please make some sort of 'controls' page in the main menu or something that will say how to do these simple things. Other than that, as I said, I love this game."
76561198200184329,Recommended,485380,23601047,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,nuttinbutlazy,"Welcome to the Game is a new style of a horror game that takes you deep into the forbidden web.Your more to expect on having a scare just by reading the sites for actual time going by.Either way, this game makes you feel like your actually in the deep web. Why so?The sounds that are in the backround of the game are just features that actually felt the need to be added, with the deepened sounds to be reliable.No matter what, you'll always have a different POV on each gameplay, everything changes to where it's more difficult each time.For each set of the game, this game mostly has..-A great and absolute spooky atmosphere,-An AI that is absolutely scary on each go.-The Music IS %100!-Websites from the actual deep web,-Amazing hacks that put you in a situation you must get out of!-A puzzle that changes everytime you play,-Perfect and a new style of horror.For a game that is only $2.00, this game will have your dreading your choices, and wanting to play til' you get to the actual red room.Thank you Adam, for creating such a master piece of a new style of horror.:)"
,Recommended,485380,23605500,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,AeroMod,"This game is great!Pros-1) The atmosphere is great making the game play interesting2) The game is more than looking at websites for codes, the hacking system is interesting3) The concept of the game makes it more realistic and more scary4) The websites are very creative, but has some graphic readingCons-1) One of the hacking systems are really hard because is has to do with case sensitive typing under a short ammount of time2) (This could just be with my game) The game doesn't respond when it is first opened up in the begining3) (This could just be with my game) The game sometimes doesn't react with clicking, this could be a bug. But when ever  I click to go back to the home page, it brings me to a black line on a white page...So I have to close the game and go back to the main menu, this happens after I visit a few sites.Overall this game is a lot of fun, (minus the bugs in my game). Definitly try this game!"
76561198088495554,Recommended,485380,31197456,Posted: 17 April,all,Nanshan1 | Twitch.tv,"-Finds first key. ""Hell yeah I can do this""- hears sound O _ O ♥♥♥♥ -----> ALT+f4"
,Recommended,485380,23681775,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Year_Zero,"With this game being on sale for $1.79, I knew I had to pick it up. It's original and creative -- a horror game based on The Deep-♥♥♥♥ing-Web ; WOW. Anyway, the game scares the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me and I really do enjoy it. I especially enjoy the fact that you can block Hackers from getting into your system, listen for a Russian kidnapper, and get codes for the mythical Red Room. Regardless, I have yet to beat the game and I'm hooked.Pros:- Barely any bugs- Addicting- New Concept on Horror (You're browsing the ♥♥♥♥ing Deep Web. 2dank4me)Cons:- None"
,Recommended,485380,31660164,Posted: 9 May,all,Luk3tacular3k | Twitch Sellout,Uninstalled faster than No Man's Sky.
76561197999259229,Recommended,485380,26285657,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Labyrinth2 0,"Are you a big fan of the Deep Web? Are you hoping there is a video game about that? Well, this game is for you! With cryptic puzzles, scary moments, and a cheap price, give it a go!"
,Not Recommended,485380,23884023,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Yi Sun-sin,"Boring and tedious.It's a dead link simulator on the worlds ♥♥♥♥♥iest browser. Click on dead link after dead link hoping to get a page. Some pages are intersting and have stuff to do. Some have tedious puzzles that reset if you mis-click. Every few minutes you get ""hacked"" and it plays an annoying animation and forces you to do a one of  2 dumb puzzles: click to complete the path and type random code to match the code in the box.the problems with this game come from how much waiting there is. Every link has a load time even when you back. The pages can have nearly nothing or be dead links but it still has a long loading time of about 4 seconds. then after spending about two of five minutes waiting for non-existant page to load you get hacked. Failing the hack can set you back by deleting your notes which are 100% needed since your browser can't have bookmarks.Speaking of the browser it is the most unrealistic browser in the world. It has no functionality. The OS you use in the game also has no functionality either. It all distracts from the realism that they obviously want and makes it hard to get into the universe. No immersion no horror.So remove the load time or make it really short. Make the browser feel more real; add settings, bookmarks, tabs. Make the OS feel more real for example allow us to save notes and pictures we find, give us a terminal, give us settings in game like mouse sensitivity.I can't reccomend this game but I do like the idea. Go on the deep web and listen to some creepypastas while you do it. You'll get allot more than you will here."
,Recommended,485380,24141918,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,AssAssin7998,Worst than the real Deep web
,Recommended,485380,26915392,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DjDarkAssassin | cs.money,Ever wonder if that CS:GO Russian was relaly gonna get you? Well....
,Recommended,485380,23712296,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,thdetdestro,"Not bad, not really scarey though, like the kernel hack stuff it looks like it uses random C++11 code, first play though got kidnapped not sure how I'm supposed to tell when to turn the lights off. I'm honestly not sure if I would reccomend this game, I sure got a kick out of it cause it reminds me of real hacking and it's quite immersive almost makes it feel like you're doing something ileagal, but still not for everyone and the page loading really eats into the time."
,Recommended,485380,32775307,Posted: 25 June,all,GHO5TLY,"Without doubt one of the best simulation games i've ever played. Not to mention the price is only 2€ normally, this game is more than worth it."
,Recommended,485380,23656856,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Kolonel Wolf,"Most of the time it is really good and addicting. It scares the f out of me. The only complain is the kidnapper. Not that he exists, but after the 3rd day, this ♥♥♥♥er doesn't leave me alone. He comes by every half and hour and I feel like I pay for a game in which half of the time I stay in the dark doing nothing. I feel like there should be an update calming the kidnapper down. If he comes by every day or two, I'd be more fine. I really hope this comes under the developer's attention.- Kolonel Wolf"
,Recommended,485380,25700391,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,WreckitRalph,"This game is the only game I wouldn't want to play alone with. When you get so paranoid from the sounds in-game, any sound from your actual house makes you want to turn off you computer in the game and this was the type of horror game   i've always wanted to play."
76561198310785443,Recommended,485380,24377557,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,CrossPlayZ,i liked the story but i think the creator could use a vs mode (1 players is the hacker and kidnapper the other is the guy) and i thnk the kidnapper could be more esier to know where he is for peaple that are not headphone users bu i recomend this game
76561198314129067,Recommended,485380,24450329,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,NightRaidMX91,Fun game to play at night :D
76561198067986233,Recommended,485380,23618291,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Ikumambo,"I've been playing the game for 3 hours (I guess) and is amazing. The way of playing it despite the fact is quite simple is entertaining. It keeps me scared and freak out every single minute I'm playing it.The only thing that it could be better in my opinion is the number of websites that can be visited, because there are a lot which are impossible to get into no matter how hard you try. I think that a few more webs would be good and would make even more interesenting this game.But in general for me is a cool game that you can get at a really cheap price, which is awesome.PD: now I live with fear of being kidnapped by a random Russian guy... lol"
76561198107397503,Recommended,485380,23844350,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Yaboy,Honestly probably the scariest game I've ever played. Just the way how all of this relates to real life situations just leaves chills down anyone's spine.
,Recommended,485380,23673740,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Whiskey Tango Foxtrot,"This game... Where do I start. Every day scince the first video released, I kept checking both greenlight and the steam store for the imminent release of the game. I talke with friends, did research on what it was going to be like, and stayed updated. i got this game immediately and loved every second. The websites were so incredibally realistic that ""The Dollmaker"" almost made me gag from reading it. Overall, the gameplay is easy, fun, and keeps you on your toes. DEVS, keep updating and enjoy the fact that you have created a wonderful piece of entertainment."
,Recommended,485380,26699890,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,MineProLike,"What I want to say about this game? (About patch 2.0)1) Idea - idea is really interesting. Make game with deep web and a little bit of horror or ""Deep Web Simulator"". You sitting near computer and hackers will try to hack you, kidnapper will try to kidnap you and breather will try to kill you because you browsing Deep Web at night for finding some codes to access Red Room.2) Graphics - well graphics in this game is okay because autors of this game don't need to make super ultra graphics and why? Two things - game was made on Unity Engine and optimization for old PC.3) Animation - I said that graphics okay, but you guys need to make all animations realistic. After patch 2.0 you added 2 secret endings and there weren't any smooth animations. Somewhere is smooth, somewhere not.4) Deep Web pages - in this game these pages is ONLY example, or how can they look like in real Deep Web. Buy Weed, guns and killer is real in Deep Web, but what about other pages I can't say. Find in Youtube or Google ""tor browser"" or ""deep web videos"" if you interested in that things.5) Price - I think this is the best price for this game, so don't make higher. But If you need, do this, but normal will be 3 euros or I don't know.6) Bugs - I found only one bug - when you sitting near a screen and if you press ""escape"" button twice, you mouse will be center of the screen and you can't move mouse and you need to exit the monitor and enter and after that mouse will work, so fix this please.Final: I give that game 8 of 10 because idea is original, graphics is okay, animation is need to make smoother everywhere and make a little bit realistic. I recommend this game.P.S. - I tried to decompile it, but decompile Unity Games is harder than Unreal Engine 4. Why I want to do this? Because I am interesting how that game looks like in ""behind the scenes"" :D"
,Recommended,485380,32429534,Posted: 15 June,all,Guts,sp00ky
,Recommended,485380,23604581,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Misu,"*i think someone's outside, turning the lights off*holy♥♥♥♥♥♥there's some guy talking russian outside my window*i hear him walking around the house*think he's gone*gonna turn the lights back on, talk to you when i'm clear*EDIT: I just beat the game. My heart has stopped a few times during the final hours."
76561198120757715,Recommended,485380,31332715,Posted: 23 April,all,Dallaseah,This game is so scary it is not even funny.
,Recommended,485380,34089985,Posted: 7 August,all,wubsum,"a pretty unique horror game. you browse the deepweb for chunks of a url or something like that for the goal of finding a redroom. redrooms being streams where you watch people get tortured and murdered. all the while searching you deal with people trying to kidnap you. btw if you want you can enable your mic so when the baddies come looking for you, you would have to be quiet. overall pretty awesome game that gets updated every here and there."
,Recommended,485380,28604329,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,MyCh3wy99,"I would highly recomend this game, it is a intence first person horror game that makes you search the dark web for hidden keys but, there is a twist to it you must be on the look out for a kidnapper,the deeper you get into the dark web the higher chance you have of meeting him.This game is a over all great game. 10/10"
76561198198139653,Recommended,485380,24531494,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,jayjai426,"Great Game! Nice Difficulty! Scary Ambience. I couldn't even play with my headphones the first 5 times I was so scared!1,000,000,000,000,000,000/10 Will continue to play until I get to that Red Room!Only critique I have is this is about this is about the dark web not the deep web (It's a Pet Peeve for Me)"
,Recommended,485380,23622386,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Frost,"I'm glad this game made it to the store.This game is based off a guy possibly in his early 20's, who wishes to find a Red Room. To do so, the guy is required to explore the darkweb looking for eight 4-digit codes, which provide him the link to the Red Room.Things get tricky as you're left on your own, these codes are located within many websites which are only active at certain times, and puzzles deep within, hiding things which are important. You've gotta watch out though - there's a kidnapper after you, a Russian one may I add, who will do his best to find and put you on a Red Room, as well as various hackers attempting to hack you, and delete your notes.You have 30 days. Welcome to the Game."
,Recommended,485380,32130575,Posted: 2 June,all,✪ ingamex-V-,"A super cool game for only 2 dollars! At first it didn't work on my PC, so I had to restart it. I totally recommend this game and I give it a 10/10!"
,Recommended,485380,24159562,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,filipan,NOPE.
,Not Recommended,485380,30401287,Posted: 8 March,all,Dozenbeer,"I was really into the game. At home alone with a headset, being immersed and scared. But unfortunately I had to realize  quickly, that the game is very shallow.Pros:+ very interesting premise+ at the beginning I was legitimately scared, way more than in any other horror game recently+ the limited movement was a great choice+ some of the websites are scary and could pass off as legitimate darknet websites, similar to real ones+ its a rogue-like game, meaning there is replayability each time you boot up the game+ each time you get different websites+ codes that you have to search are always at a different location+ you only have 30 ingame days, getting hacked adds to your day counter, its a challenge to make it in time+ the goal to reach a red room, is surprisingly keeping you searching, you really wanna know how it looks like+ the game can use your microphone, so you have to be still in some situations, very cool idea+ the atmosphere is chilling, you hear a bump or footsteps in your home is really creepy+ having to turn off the light and wait in the darkness is scary+ the game is cheapCons:- the creepy atmosphere is pretty much gone after you encounter the first scary event, you know what to expect the next time you play- the hacking mini games just get annyoing after a while, especially the one where you have to type in a code, was it really necessary to type in 2 lines of code?- most of the websites dont work at all or just at specific times of the day, which is just frustrating and annoying to figure out- some things are impossible to figure out on your own and need to be read in a guide- most websites are very tame, pictures of dead people are so incredibly fake that you just laugh instead of get scared- its almost a simulator for not-having-internet, as most websites are dead and you are constantly refreshing the page- sometimes you get links shown and immediately I thought I could go there, but nope, they are not online- finding the codes sometimes is a chore, you have to click on impossible locations to reveal them, meaning that its a wild guess, having to scan the entire webpage with your mouse to see if something is clickable, which is just stupid- its all about playing the game a lot of times to know which sites according to which time are online or not, making it a chore to play and not scary at all when you are for the 50th time on a scary webpage- sometimes if you go on a webpage it generates a txt file on the desktop with a clue or code, with no indication (other times there is an audio cue) you have to close the browser and look at your desktop....this can be missed so easily- the endingis a complete joke! All this time you are searching for a red room and when you are finally there it gets censored with artifical connection problems....its a huge disappointment. Not only that, but its all for nothing. You wont unlock anything, see something special...just nothing!- once you finish the game there is no replayability, nothing will keep you coming back- I thought the DLC is horrible, even for 1 buck, its terrible to ask people to pay for essentially a never ending hacking-minigame-marathon for points. The same minigames from the main game, just endlessly in a row......with no leaderboards  making the entire thing pointless. And the DLC probably took 5 minutes to put together, as its using the minigames from the maingame.....I so wanted to love this game, I really did. I played it again and again to finish it. It lost its (at first really good) creepy atmosphere so fast and the disappointment about the ending hit me so hard. Having to go through all of the boring gameplay was just not rewarding, fun or even scary in the end. Its hard to not recommend it, because its so cheap, but with the lazy DLC I definitely would say dont get it. If you are curious about it though, 2 bucks wont hurt to find out for yourself."
76561198274537893,Recommended,485380,23607905,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,XxF47ALxXH4X0RxX,A great game it's scary at some points and complicated at other but really really fun i'd recommend this really to people who love the Deepweb like I do. I say you did a great job making this Adam one of my top 5 favorite games so far.
76561198169717883,Not Recommended,485380,28489015,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Palindrome ≠ emordnilaP,"I bought this game after watching many people on Youtube enjoy it. For the price, it can definitely be considered cheap enough for the lack of content.My issues with the game:TL;DR:Has lots of problems, glitches, bugs, and needs a desperate slate wipe and reboot to be considered enjoyable.1.You get kidnapped more than you get hacked, which sort of defeats the purpose of this being called a hacking game.2. The puzzles are random and have no pattern which you need to find, often causing you to become frustrated and lose interest.3. Turning of the light does absolutely nothing. You may think ""Oh, if I turn the light off, then maybe the kidnapper will stop bothering me"", but no, it basically has no effect on you or him what so ever.4. The loading between the webpages. I understand that they were trying to put a bit of realism in the game, but personally I really hate the page loading, as it isn't like most peoples PC are underspecced to run this game. I would just like an option to toggle this loading.5. The FPS when not looking at the monitor are terrible. It says it drops down to about 45 FPS (I even tested this game on my friends rig which has a i7 and a GTX 1070 in it, and it still dropped, regardless of the settings), but it is more realistically about 20 FPS.6. The killer is basically a real♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you turn off the light to hide from the kidnapper, the killer can still ring. Not a bad feature when you think about it, but the fact that your phone isn't on silent when the lights are off is stupid. You will instantly get kidnapped, and have to restart the game.7. Nothing really happens. It takes so long for anything to happen that you just get bored and quit.I really wanted to enjoy this game as I love this sort of genre, combining Thriller/Horror with puzzles and mystery. However, I just can't considering the issues above and many more in this game. The pricing is fine (Although paying to unlock a new difficulty is a bit stupid TBH), but I still feel ripped of with the lack of gameplay and features this game has to offer.Developer/s, please improve this game, as right now it's a♥♥♥♥♥♥fest."
76561198165853281,Recommended,485380,24289507,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,reicemo,step 1 start gamestep 2 click new gamestep 3 have game sit in loading screenstep 4 have game not respondstep 5 click wait for gamestep 6 repeat step 1-5step 7 complain because you can play almost every game on steam but this isnt one of themstep 8 get helpstep 9 escape mental asylumstep 10 fight asylum demonstep 11 kill gwynstep 12 link the first flame0/10 would kill myself in a loading screen again
,Recommended,485380,24119239,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,MemeDaddy,"This game is deffinitly intresting. It lets you explore the deep web without actually going there and getting in trouble. The only downside is the stupid kidnapper. In the game, the further you go on the deeb web a kidnapper may try and get you, and its not always obvious if he is nearby. He might just make footstep sounds and chair noises to scare you but might not actually do anything. It deffinitly takes time to work up a method of avoiding him. There should be an option for an easy mode to remove the kidnapper. That way you can just do the deep web puzzles. And since I dont like having to repeat the same steps over and over I give this game a 7/10"
,Recommended,485380,24503761,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Razar the Raven,You dont know when you will die. This is a hard game to compelete it but it worth! :)
76561198127989188,Recommended,485380,24130897,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,OG,"""That chair didn't stand there before""""Why is the window open all of a sudden?""""Why is there a man with a balaclava standing outside my window?So many questions and no answersIf you like to spend the rest of the day paranoid then this game is for you.11/29 - IGN"
,Recommended,485380,24151392,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Wolfstorm32 Hellcase.com,Scary as all hell but its adictive and fun but man it is scary great game
,Recommended,485380,24280724,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Sword Of Islam,>When the game runs at over 200 FPS
,Recommended,485380,24329873,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,B U C C,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FjWe31S_0g
,Recommended,485380,24449500,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Legend,nice
,Recommended,485380,25718416,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Sphoons,"Generally I love this game, but The only problem I have is that sometimes The Kidnapper will come without the notification or any noises! I really hope they will fix this."
76561198270374077,Recommended,485380,24100901,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,karma -{カルマ}-,I heard a footsteepGot hackedScreamedNow im grounded10/10
76561198114681907,Recommended,485380,27480955,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Tvoyapopka,"Very original and unique plot, you're mostly getting scared bc of the tension, rather than actual jumpscare."
,Recommended,485380,25476428,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Defenseman13,"Fun and creepy, but tedious. My only beef with this game is the hacking puzzle, which consist of typing a long string of code, sometimes multiple lines. Over. And over. But past that, this is really a creepy and scary game and worth a shot."
,Recommended,485380,25516371,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Sauce_Boss,"Really fun game, right amount of scary and an interesting topic."
,Recommended,485380,25576577,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Road To DMG,"Interesting, rating 7/10.Would reccomend buying this game because it is an interesting ""Deep Web Sim"" and it is low priced :)"
,Recommended,485380,24419007,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Drunken Duck™,"I have just under 30 minutes of play time at the time of writing this review.That being said, I haven't experienced the entire game yet. FAIR WARNING!The first impression i got from this game was ""Oh hey, browse the deep web (kinda) except you don't actually have to download and go through the spookiness of the deep web.""That wasn't exactly correct. I won't spoil the game so as you can play it yourself. But, in the 27 minutes of playtime I have been thouroughly impressed, spooked, and interested.one hint for you:Explore Everything."
,Recommended,485380,24523353,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,ralphiewarren,i love this game its just so scary when a kid napper gets you i am not lying i never been that scared by a game in my whole life besides that great game recomend buying it its worth it
,Recommended,485380,24499370,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,FatalB,">buys game>watches tutorial>opens darkweb>hears rustling outside>turns off the lights>CrazyRussianHacker walks by window muttering &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"">waits til coast is clear>turns on the lights>looks right>CrazyRussianHacker got me>INSTANT PANTS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would get kidnapped again"
76561198041672679,Recommended,485380,24118153,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Blacklist,♥♥♥♥ this game I accidentally took a♥♥♥♥♥♥in my pants when this ♥♥♥♥♥ was waiting for me at the computer screen. 10/10 adult diaper.
76561198161951666,Recommended,485380,25800833,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,ZFF-NOKOS,This is an awsome game.In this game your just a simple man trying to find bad guys in the deep web  place full of criminals guns cia weed even human dolls.But they also try to hack u or even to kidnap u! So be aware..In conclusion that game is a web criminal chase simulator.WOULD TOTALLY RECOMMEND :P 10/10Watch out for the Breather...Dude the phone call is freaking me out....Nokos out
,Recommended,485380,24097782,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,GatoProgramador,"Finding some keys is quite challenging. Is not just clicking all sites and expect to find a key just sitting there. You have to use your imagination :) All that while keeping the hackers away and hidding from the Russian kidnapper (does he speak Russian, it sounded like Russian to me).If you want a challenge and some FNAF-like fun try this game. It's very cheap too."
,Recommended,485380,24156652,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,gucci,"So my Experience With This Game-------------------------------------1. Loading screen... RED ROOM? More like MOOR_DER2. In Game... Nice House :D3. Adam is Calling... Tutorial? ♥♥♥♥ That...4. 5 minutes of searching for codes....  Wow this game is boooring5. I hear very loud strange noise... Wait what? Someone is  in my house? (turning lights off)6. I see russian guy outside... (Turing the game off)10/10 - ""SPOOKY KIDNAPPERS"" ~ Fili"
,Recommended,485380,26960333,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Just a Dwight,"Interesting game about deep web, although mini-games can get pretty annoying."
,Recommended,485380,24095637,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,aerophoenix1,"spooked me gud. 10/10, would get russian jumpscare again."
76561198208223565,Recommended,485380,24248410,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,"Sorry, still a noob","Alright, I decided to write a review on this game, because it's pretty fun and I have nothing to do right now. Here we go:""Welcome to the game"" is a puzzle/horror game inspired by the deep web, a part of the internet not visible to normal people. Apparently, there's 900 billion deep web websites and 25 billion or million (not sure) websites visible to google. But enough of the facts and let's focus on the game.In WtG, your goal is to find 8 specific codes hidden somewhere on the deep web. When you combine these codes into an IP adress, it directs you to a special website: red room, which is basically a livestream of torture and death, and guess what? You, as the viewer, get to participate in it! By the way, that means you're some kind of a sadistic, selfish, bored to death psychopath. Thankfully, the actual violence was cut out, so no killing for you.Of course, the prize comes with a price. From the moment you appear on the deep web, chances are you'll encounter one of the three main enemies of the game:1)Your sanity. You see, there is a lot of websites on the deep web (like, A LOT) so there is no surprise on some is some f*cked up sh*t that can make you quit the game for a long time. Hopefully you'll learn from me and won't play it when you're young and simple-minded. I warned you, anyways.2)Time/hacks. The red room is open for 30 days at a time, so when you reach 30 in-game days without finding it yet, GAME OVER. The time doesn't go that fast, but the fact that makes it worse are hackers. These guys will try to hack into your PC (in-game, of course), and you need to defend youself through a series of minigames. These things are generally easy, but if you fail one, you lose some of your precious time and maybe your notes, resulting in a ragequit. If you are good at the minigames, you're somewhat safe from hackers, but there is one more danger...3)The russian kidnapper. Deeper you get into the deep web, higher are the chances there's a kidnapper after you. If you think you are being tracked, or that he's nearby, press S and turn off the lights while not talking. If you've done it right, good job, now get back to work. If you goofed though, you guessed it, GAME OVER.The game does its job well on the horror atmosphere, as the fact there's a kidnapper after you makes you extremely jumpy and unable to concentrate on your objective, turning lights off for 5 minutes after every possible sound you hear. I have to admire the game developers for this, it's well made. The puzzles, on the other hand aren't really well thought out, since the hacking minigames get repetitive over time and some websites won't b online most of the time, which kinda screws the horror over. This is also the reason people don't like it, and I wouldn't like it as well, if it wasn't cheap, and it is.The price also means if you'll like the game, you'll be happy, and if you won't like it, you won't probably feel the need to get a refund.Overall, I rate this game 8/10, because it's pretty good."
76561198103644739,Recommended,485380,24780700,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,HD DareDevil,"Went to check the games wiki page for tips, didn't pause the game but turned the lights off.Heard a guy speaking russian and went back into the game to find A MOTHER F****** KIDNAPPER JUST WALKING BY MY WINDOW LIKE IT WASN'T A BIG DEAL"
76561198002868955,Recommended,485380,32171489,Posted: 4 June,all,NaCl.TheSaltineSalineSailor,SCREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEW THIIIIIIIIIIIIIIS GAAAAAAMEI am honestly afraid of phone calls now.10/10
,Recommended,485380,24122729,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,[104th]SILENT CHEEZ,"Do not play this game. It is literally one of the most terrifying games I have ever played, and I don't get scared easily. It is not a casual game, you play this, your heart rate will sky rocket. It will keep you on the edge of yours seat the whole time. So, if you want to play a nice, easy, casual game, do not get this game. If you really want to be scared and to play a very intense game, then this game is for you. I hate it though, and I refuse to play anymore of this game, but it is worth a lot more than the 2$ it costs."
76561198043641041,Recommended,485380,31104196,Posted: 12 April,all,Doggie,"Really Cool Scary Game ''Horror'', i like that it's not a ''Casual horror Game'' wich is where you could be going down a hal and there comes an jump scare, it might even just be a picture that pops up on you're screen.in (Welcome to the game) they made it so you have a chance not to get scared at all, even though you feel like getting caught all the time you hear a noice.So When that is said, i would reccomend this game to people who like Scary Games, but dosn't wanna play the ''Casual Horror Games''  my rating would be 10/10. but that's just my opinion.if you dont want to know how the game is being played don't scroll any further!Explanation of the game:You're a Person whos trying to get at ''Red Room'' by finding 8 codes at an network on you're PC.But while you're trying to find the 8 codes, Theres a Serial Killer (Wich can be called ''The Breather'' because hes calling you and breathes into the phone, and there will be a time where he start talks.) and a russian (A guy who tracks you and try's to kidnap you.)There's actually 2 secret endings."
,Recommended,485380,24195324,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Terner,"10/10 was watching my friends play while memeing and I noticed they were ♥♥♥♥ing screaming at the top of their lungs saying ""OMG A RUSSIAN"" and ""WHY'D THE CHAIR ♥♥♥♥ING MOVE"" and ""WHERE WAS THE ARROW?"". Pretty spoopy if I dont say so myself."
,Recommended,485380,35140524,Posted: 22 September,all,Mattyreyrey,"Honestly, this is one of the best games on a budget you can buy.The game may seem very hard at first, but that is the point. It isn't easy to crack into the Deepweb or for that matter do it while being stalked by a Kidnapper or someone trying to murder you.There are consistent amounts of content to study on in order to make it through each section. Everything from puzzles to hidden text, you'll be on the edge of your seat the entire time.Welcome to the Game can be described as a mix of horror meets thriller where your home may not be as safe as you thought it was.Definitely recommended and worth a buy."
,Recommended,485380,35270744,Posted: 28 September,all,Me Me Big Boy,"> Be me> Ill, sick, constipated.> ""Oh, whats this? Looks pretty good""> Buy> Install> Begin searching through deep web> Turn around> BOOM MASKED RUSSIAN> I am no longer constipated11/10 for Being a better cure than actual medicine."
,Recommended,485380,24629521,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,XaD,- Opens game- Goes through tutorial- Looks easy- Plays Game- Finds first key straight away- Get determined- Gets bored- Restarts game 4 times- Gets 4 keys- Hears footsteps while doing the Chosen Awake puzzle- Save's and Exits21/10 such spook
76561198166109827,Recommended,485380,24624122,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,FrankK65,"I like the game for what it is, and what I mean by that is it keeps you on the edge of your seat. As you play and get deeper into the game, it is when things start to become intense. You will get hacked and it can come in waves, 2-3 times in a row that has happened to me.You need to pay attention to the sounds thta you hear around you, if you are n ot alert, Oh Well!  I have not beaten the game as of yet, and have gotten as many as 6 of the codes of the 8 in total. That is due in large part of my lack of good typing skills.  I rteally do not have any dislikes of this game except for my typing skills.I would highly recommend this little gem for those of you that like to be on the edge of your seat, and for a $1.99 who can complain.  GIVE IT A TRY,  IF YOU DARE!!!!!"
,Recommended,485380,23787036,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Kerbz,"Was just browsing the deep web and then a stranger was strolling by my house, I needed to calm down so I decided to play a game called Welcome to the game. Was pretty good."
76561198153452710,Recommended,485380,26755829,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,BroKeN,breather is a meany
,Recommended,485380,23677909,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Mixer Sportnix,"For $1.79, even $1.99, this is a great game.Obviously it is a horror game, the only thing I hate though is having to turn the volume way up to try and hear the kidnapper, and then when you get hacked you get the loudest static in your ear. Not only does hurt a little, freaks you out in a way I don't think you should be getting freaked out.Creepy kidnapper instilling fear and ominous feeling while browsing the dark web, yes.Getting scared just because there is a super loud hacking noise when you're trying to listen for the Russian? No.Another issue is that 99% of the times I get hacked, the kidnapper decides he's going to make his move and start making noise.. So I have to abandon the counter hack midway, turn the lights off, and hear myself lose several days. Impossible because of this.Another issue I've come across is when you mute your computer, if you change websites it will play the audio of each site again until you unmute and then mute it again. I'd rather not hear the music and sound effects while I'm listening for the kidnapper so it can get a bit annoying when I've already muted the computer but then it unmutes itself each time you load a new site."
76561198210743096,Recommended,485380,23602327,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,2183405469,Its a good game the only thing i can suggest is adding about 5 more seconds to the typing.
76561198292845413,Recommended,485380,28812421,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ShadowStrike,"After I played for an 1 HOUROkay first off, great Horror/Stragedy game! The game looks great and runs smooth as silk and challenging. I mean man, I have  not even made it to day 2 yet and its hard but fun. It really makes me want to crap my pants and run away. Thats what a good Horror game is. Secound of all, I think in the tutorial they should add when to know when the Murdere or the ""Breather"" is in your house because i could not tell when they were here unless the phone rang or a banging on the door. I hear footsteps but I don't know if thats them or something else. Thats all and great game and I think this game can go a little bit further. I belive in you guys!!! Have a good day! :)"
76561198067515806,Recommended,485380,30006471,Posted: 18 February,all,Exjoria,"Searching through webpages when I hear footsteps - unnervingSearching through webpages when the phone rings while someone breaths down the line on the other end - more unnervingHolding the door back against an attacker that wants to murder my brain - that's when I had to close the gameSilently browsing through websites isn't even slightly scary until your friend on Skype tells you that you're likely to be kidnapped as a result of doing so. Fantastic concept and fantastic game, and though very much on the difficult side I thoroughly enjoy it, not to mention the Hacker Mode DLC is plenty of fun"
76561197970606429,Recommended,485380,23603791,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Will G,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9KRHSblvlLYA strange little horror/puzzle game that gets the thumbs up from me as it is polished for something that costs so little.My video gives you an idea of what to expect.I only show the start so there are no big spoilers.
,Recommended,485380,26586773,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Sewer Thing,"This game is one of the most immersive and terrifying horror games out there, and it's extremely inexpensive."
,Recommended,485380,24949536,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Lil' Missy,"Welcome to the Game is an interesting game with some replayability. It's scary, disturbing and makes you paranoid. The gameplay is really repetitive and it mainly consists of clicking on things and turning around to see if there's a Russian in your house. If you're a fan of horror games I recommend it. If you hate horror games I don't recommend it. 6/10."
76561198025263261,Recommended,485380,23625211,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,{GER} ᑭᗩᑎᗪᗩᑕᕼIᗰO,"Very nice game. I've always been interested in the dark/deep web and I enjoyed the concept of this game a lot. It took me 8 hours to play through with a friend though, since the codes were really well hidden and there were a lot of dead links. I think it would have taken us even longer if we haven't taken seperate notes.The ending was kind of disappointing though. You expect more after spending so much time doing the same stuff over and over again."
,Recommended,485380,25940389,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,小さな子猫,Scariest game of my life. And wait there's gonna be more websites??? what... also getting jumpscared by small sounds like a chair moving... that's gotta be one of the most clever things ever omg.72.18/5
76561198032750883,Recommended,485380,23608226,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Quenny,"I would recommend this game because the game itself handles the surfing of the deep web quite decently, and the webpages themselves are very interesting to read through while you're digging for the codes. Especially since a lot of the sites are based on, and even uses direct pictures of actual sites from the deep web itself.As a mysterious exploration game, I definitely like toying with it. But as a horror game, I can't quite say I give it a pass. It's mainly built on the spoopy noises and the loud as hell jump noises. I really wish they could at least cut out the really cheap scare of when the kidnapper is standing right next to you when you zoom out. A human being would be able to tell if another person was standing directly to their right if they had basic instincts. I just see this as a really cheap scare tactic and kinda just taking from the Slender way of handling horror.Overall, since the game is cheap enough as it is it's worth a purchase since the source material itself was interesting, just wish they handled the scare tactics a little better since jumpscares just make it more obnoxious if anything."
,Recommended,485380,25973979,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,MonChiSub,"It's a good game. Very scary when you get deep into it and sound is all the way up, Sitting in the dark and something grabs you!!! </3"
,Recommended,485380,26600467,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,counter18591,>chillin' on the deep web>hears footsteps&gt♥♥♥♥♥THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥I'M OUT12/10
,Recommended,485380,30108516,Posted: 22 February,all,quick flash of electricity,scary as ♥♥♥♥ i♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself
,Recommended,485380,26608811,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Eric Foreman,This game scared me so bad i now have sprained carillage in my ribcage and will only heal if i stop breathing for a week.10/10UPDATE:i have recovered from the injury. probably gonna play this again just to get sprained cartillage again. worth it.
,Recommended,485380,23620643,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,BOT Mike,"'Oh this game looks pretty cool, deep web hacking simulator' - Me 15 minutes ago'Ah nice they have puzzles in it too!' - Me 12 minutes ago'Wait... you can get kidknapped and have to keep checking the spooky house?' - Me 8 minutes ago'Was that noise in game or in my room?' - Me 4 minutes ago*uninstalls game and changes pants* - Me now"
76561198272881737,Recommended,485380,23664763,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,losokrb,This game is scary it's different from other horror games that I played but it's a good game.
,Recommended,485380,23622261,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Llamatic シ,"Very interesting game, a lot of the websites youll find in this game are replicas of actual deep web websites, it gives it a real feel. Although if i just ignore the sounds and never turn the lights off nothing happens. Overall i think its worth the buy, who can complain about such a good deal? $2 for an entertaining game. 9 spooks out of 10."
,Recommended,485380,23634694,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Honcho,"I higley reccomend the game if your looking for a scare this is the game you look for , It is very intence and fun!"
,Recommended,485380,31284262,Posted: 21 April,all,Koni,">Buys game>Imsoreadyforthis.exe>Launches game>Immediatly messages friends to pray for me>Goes through the call from some random guy>Gotit.png>Plays for aprox 4 minutes, gets scared from a squeak that sounds like it came from a chair>♥♥♥♥♥HITSHIT.mp3>Exits game>Did not regret a single second from playing it>7.5/10 so far"
,Recommended,485380,31746406,Posted: 14 May,all,Killfuchs54 Max,10/10 Really But Its 2 Spooky 4 Me XD
,Recommended,485380,24109386,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,^1Cosmic^0OGK,# Find loads of dead links# Hear footsteps# Hear whisper in your ear# Scream ♥♥♥♥ THAT ♥♥♥♥ THAT# Parents run in your room and ask what's happening# Explain to them that I got kidnapped by a Russian hacker10/10 would play again
76561198131458643,Recommended,485380,24965999,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,James,"it rattled my BONES,"
,Recommended,485380,25065216,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Tim,"Welcome to the Game.This is game game about exploring the dark web in order to accses a ""Red Room""A red room is a live broadcast of murder/tortue. You also must avoid being kidnapped, whilst defending kernal/ddos attacks. Great game over-all and I can't wait to see it improve.7.5/10"
,Recommended,485380,31272738,Posted: 21 April,all,Lenny,funny xd game XD dab
,Recommended,485380,26720335,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,*DFC*Jurassic Sushi,So I do not....repeat do not like scary games But my friends like it when i play scary games. so i bought this as per a request of a good friend & let me tell you. I am so bad at puzzles and trying to figure things out to crack codes. It doesn't help that i hear all the little ambient sounds like breezes and chairs sliding in my headset. Yes those things happen in this game.If you want your heart rate jacked up or someone else's heart rate to go through the roof get this for them lol.I played for a 1/2 an hour and was failing miserbley at counter hacking the hackers and was in 27 days of the 30 i had to find the red room then this happened. haha See for yourself and laugh at me like everyone else did while i live streamed this game. Its fun and stressful and  i would recomend it for sure. i have bought it 4x for other people already.Here is the link to the clip of me crapping my pants: Fluffy Guy Plays Scary Puzzle Game FML -https://clips.twitch.tv/jurassicsushi/EnergeticHerdResidentSleeper
,Recommended,485380,24200707,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,OfficialFire,SCARYYYYYYYYY 9.5/10
76561198295764474,Recommended,485380,24172119,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,aidanodell411,best game ever scaryy as♥♥♥♥♥♥thoe but yeah
,Recommended,485380,24206067,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Veeljo,A very fun game to play. It has awesome content and it's challenging when you have to block the Hacker Attack.Game has:-Awesome sites to visit-Very fun gameplay-Good Graphics-Not that many bugsGame needs:-More sites to visit.Game gets boring sometimes. But yeah... Still pretty fun game to play and it's a great time killer and it's also pretty cheap.I recommend this game :D
76561198167722464,Recommended,485380,25140390,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,kanye yeezy_west,i love this game soooooo much its really creative and a great game for 2 dollars really scary to me get this game
76561198091721091,Recommended,485380,24634786,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Reaperwastaken,"plays game for 10 minutes, hmm this is boring, hears chair move, wtf? exit pc, guy standing right there, panic, nearly break laptop... never play again 10/10"
,Recommended,485380,23601336,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Mr. Cat,i mean I reccommend this game but it isnt working for me idk if that is just me or other people I saw AaronSayWhat play it and i couldnt wait to play it I bought it but it doesnt work like i load in and press play and it crashes a few seconds after i changed my settings around a lot and it never worked :/
76561198152880660,Recommended,485380,23682196,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Zk&Vic,CAN someone help me?When I Enter the game I'm stuck on the definition of a red room screen. I've changed to windowed mode and lower quality and turned off the mic tapped options. I really want to play this game so badly but I cant seem to play.BTW even though i waited for a long time I can hear something similar to a phone call ringing. But cant seem to exit the dark definition screen please do help me
,Recommended,485380,24149549,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Adolf Shitler,IT SUCKS I COULDNT GET WEED 0/10
,Recommended,485380,24421786,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,im ded :3,gud game 11/10guud kidnap game
,Recommended,485380,23889439,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Kroon,Very scary
76561198119437964,Recommended,485380,24979298,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Captain Paradox,"Comes with a free notepad, at no extra cost!"
,Recommended,485380,24234422,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,「Akeno」,"Great game, only if the developers found a way to extend the game play"
,Recommended,485380,25576703,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Яaleock,Welcome to the game in a nutshell : Looking for some weed - ♥♥♥♥ OFF ♥♥♥♥ING HACKER !  - Trying to get in♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- See a AK-47 for 800$ - Be Kidnapped by THIS ♥♥♥♥ING RUSSIAN GUY ! - Change your underwear.(French version - Version Française)Welcome to the game in a nutshell : Chercher de la bonne weed - VA TE FAIRE FOUTRE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥DE HACKER ! - Essayer d'accèder a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- Voir une AK-47 a 800$ - Se faire Kidnapper PAR CE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥DE MEC RUSSE ! - Changer de sous-vêtements.I love this game but my underwear gots destroyed.
,Recommended,485380,25392988,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Ghost ( Knightzlash ),Fun but it's not as spooky as it seems
,Recommended,485380,24171252,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,"Revolver ""Shalashaska"" Ocelot",Launches gameLooks through a couple websitesHears FootstepsCloses Game
76561198016646332,Recommended,485380,24283351,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Spoopy Waif,">open up the game thing are going good, listen to the tutorial>think im the coolest guy in the world, master hack blocker, master link clicker>go to the doll maker website,♥♥♥♥♥♥my self a little>get a call on skype the rest of my♥♥♥♥♥♥comes out>go to the satan website, ear♥♥♥♥♥♥ my ears are gone>think i hear footsteps and i shut off the lights>continue to hear footsteps and i feel my heart go into my stomach>close the game, never opened it again10/10"
,Recommended,485380,28546799,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,My Summer Car,I must say for the first time in gaming history. when that kidnapper comes up behind you and slits your throat. i've never had my heart rate increase like that from another game. deserves a recommendation.
,Recommended,485380,24091996,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,enjaye,Was reading The Butcher and soem random confessions had 3 codes. feeling all the confessions.Did not notice the random sounds from the backgroundsome random mans ays come on lets goBAM i got kidnapped.made the same mistake again.Bam I got kidnapped.10/10 would read the confessions again.
,Recommended,485380,24078063,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,The Firefix,"Best Game, But Some Deep Web Elements Are Not Enough. Its Not About Reading, Its About Finding The Code. Which I Think Is A Little Bit Disapointing. Its Also Disapointing Cause It Doesnt Have The Option To Turn Off The Hacking Sound. That Always Freaks Me Out. ButStill  A Very Good Game.PS = I've Been To Deep Web Before, And I Do Not Recommend Going There, Even Though No Kidnappers."
,Recommended,485380,24121553,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,BOT Muhammad Ali,-I Actually Heard Footsteps Inside My House-I Wondered What Was That-Then My Computer Got Hacked-JumpScared-Pressed Alt+4-Wrote This Review
,Recommended,485380,25100868,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Jared,I was spooked...Still waiting for update 2.0 :D
,Recommended,485380,23603757,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Radical Larry,"Welcome to the Game is a interesting hacking/deep web horror game that is on a express train to being one of the coolest horror game. It has alot of untapped potential and I'd love to see this game grow, here are my thoughts:PROS:- Unique Gameplay (Never the same)- Very Cheap- Stretegic Game Mechanics (Never fails to be boring)- Love The Hacking Mechanics (Fast paced and intense)- Sudden Jumpscares- Intense AtmosphereCons:- Not Enough Websites- House Textures Are Not That GreatSuggestions:- Kidnapper has multiple events (Kidnapper pulls you backwards onto the floor and chloroforms you; You turn to your right as the kidnapper is about to punch you out; Kidnapper jumps through the window and takes you)- More Websites"
,Recommended,485380,23603195,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Poo,>plays game with friends talking in discord>believes i will be fine because that usually helps>plays the game up until the gun buying room>not really that spooked>friends joke about guy being at the window>I look at the window>not there thank god.jpg>goes back to buy an ak47 because i want to murder some people>black man voice talks to me saying something i cant understand>literally ♥♥♥♥ing screamed and scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of my friendsI have never screamed like that at all. Ever. Horrors game dont usually spook me but this one.Buy it. Even if you have no money just buy it. It's worth it.10/10 would need to change pants again
,Recommended,485380,34097763,Posted: 8 August,all,PGTV [PoliticalGamersTV.com],"Played it a few times, went on Skype call with my friend and he was even scared, we was in the pitch black and wasn't expecting the killer to come running in the pitch black, scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of us both."
76561198264445668,Recommended,485380,24562002,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Lucien Lachance,perfect !
,Recommended,485380,24327798,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Dr.Baka,"My favorite part was when the kidnapper was outside my window and I squealed like a little girl and my mic was set to on and he heard me and got me.10/10ACTUAL REVIEW: I really like the concept of the game. I think it's creative and keeps me on my toes looking for the url for the Red Room. The kidnapper being the main threat of the game, which can give you a game over. The 30 day time limit, which also give a game over, isn't an issue if you are good at typing and fast on the DOS hacks.Things I like: The atmosphere is great and the objective of the game is simple and keeps an element of creepy as the unknown is always a fear I have. The hacking isn't too hard, but isn't too easy; just right. Finally, the option to turn on the mic where if you have to hide from the kidnapper, you also need to shut up.Things I dislike: The kidnapper isn't scary after you get taken the first time by him. After that, his voice while you're on the computer is more like a ""♥♥♥♥ you. You ♥♥♥♥ed up. Cyak ♥♥♥♥♥."" He does have different animations, but once you've seen them, the scare factor wears off. The only scare that is consistently scary is the one where you back out of the computer and he is right there. Another thing that gets annoying quickly is when you hit esc to pause, the esc to resume and the cursor is stuck in the middle. You can fix this by right clicking, but it's an annoying bug that needs to be fixed.Overall: 7/10. It's a cheap game to have fun with when you are bored."
,Recommended,485380,23688232,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,NoSwear,"There's a glitch in the game, after I pause it, and resume, the mouse on the computer does not move in the game. One time I alt+tabbed out of the game, and then it worked, but that didn't work anymore. Fix it."
,Recommended,485380,26744588,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Netrogamer,"Hi,Im netro, and my game is not working, when ever I am at the main menu, where you press new game, it does not do anything, im able to click the button but it doesnt load the game, if anyone knows how to fix this problem i would appreciate it, thank you :)"
,Recommended,485380,24356149,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,TimmyTrebuchet,"perfect simulator of what it's like to be on Tor, 9/11 would relate to"
76561198136465964,Recommended,485380,24167929,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Sneaky Slugger,Who is my internet provider in this game AT&T?
,Recommended,485380,24393614,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,termnin,yee
76561198136493607,Recommended,485380,24106997,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,๖ۣۜArcturus,My experience of playing this game !*Sees a random gameplay on YouTube*Buys the game instantly*Launches it*Starts playing*Spends 10 minutes on exploring the internet*Hears banging noise however ignores it (BAD IDEA)*Gets spooked by a CrazyRussianHacker*Jumps up to the ceiling*Quits
76561198151753709,Recommended,485380,30000148,Posted: 17 February,all,PedoBear,lol
,Recommended,485380,26263959,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,gregi104,red room
76561198134050369,Recommended,485380,24415252,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,petertheotter,Good game about hacking and the Deep Web in a global way. It shows the reality of the danger about this place.Don't go to the Deep Web.
76561198163326066,Recommended,485380,26652296,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,The Scunt,SCARY VERY GUD
,Recommended,485380,26679800,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Stefkon,Amazing game. Guarenteed to give you chills and stress. 9/10!
,Recommended,485380,26545792,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,thebad one,"This game will always keep you on your toes, you start to feel paranoid after every minute, whether it be a chair moving or a paper plane icon thing on the top right of the screen. I always end up waiting in the dark for 10 miniutes because I'm actually scared when the lights are on. Thanks Adam for giving us this amazing game."
,Recommended,485380,26565310,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,facehunter2003,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing scary as hell i had a nightmare the first night i played the game.
,Recommended,485380,23603000,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,vape 2 escape,"i love the game and the feel of this game but i have a couple of things i would absolutely love to see in the game for instance, more to happen with you getting kidbnapped maybe you end up in a red room and you get to see what happens. have no clue if that would be okay with valve but anyways more ways to know theres somebody in your house and maybe you can get out of your chair and move around your house and go upstairs to the gun closet and kill the kidnapper and contenue on you deepweb adventure i absolutely love the idea and your an your awsome"
76561198106860461,Recommended,485380,23625121,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,UrFerb,Got kidnapped in the first 2min...
,Recommended,485380,31637197,Posted: 8 May,all,_Perryyy *Testing*,worst 22 mins of my life 10/10
,Recommended,485380,23597174,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Duke,"*Hears Russian* First goes through denial, ""NO NO NO PLEASE NO NO I DON'T WANT TO DIE, I HAD 7 KEYS"" next just slowly turns to russian guy, Becomes Friendly, ""Hey Buddy, You want to let me live? i'll give you some vodka"" *his arms slowly come towards me, more denial, ""PLEASE NO, AHHHHHHHHHHHHH"" Best Russian Kidnapping Simulator 2016+"
,Recommended,485380,23615921,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,AngelOnFira,"This game did a lot of things right in my eye. The dev released a un-buggy game for an INCREDIBLY modest price. The game pulled me in with this price point, and has cept me captivated over the past 8 hours.The premise of the game is very well done, and actually makes a lot of connecitons with the real world. The sites that you can go to have really good stories associated with them, and this is from someone who would normally be clicking next after next.The hacking puzzles are quite limited right now, but the Kernel challenge gives you a real look into actual code (kudos to the dev). The DOS puzzle unfortunatly takes from the rest of the genre's pool of horrible ""hacking"" minigames.At this price point, I would recommend that anyone who wants a mystery/horror game or a decent look at the deep/dark/shadow web check out ""Welcome To The Game"".Sidenote to the dev;Make the ending more gory and scary, it doesn't really follow the precedence set by the rest of the stories in the game."
,Recommended,485380,23596434,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,DAGamesOfficial,"Game is broken! I try to laod up the game, stops responding at the first loading screen, goes to computer screen, tutorial calls you, accept it, responds for the first half of the first sentance before it immediatly crashes and stops responding. Skip the tutorial instead ang to to the icon with the detective logo... Stops responding again!HOW CA I PLAY A GAME THAT'A BROKEN?! More importantly, HOW IS EVERYONE ELSE ABLE TO PLAY THIS AND NOT HAVE IT BROKEN! PLEASE... Lemme know because I REALLY wanna play this game :S"
76561198086837596,Recommended,485380,23597418,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,TheDeviousBastard,"Pros- Contains illuminati- Contains realistic Internet connection AI.- Contains realistic curtain AI- Able to browse the computer while using a computer- ""Grandma's fantasy""Cons- Cannot actually access ""Grandma's Fantasy"". Is dissappoint /s(In this game: Players play a simulation of a regular friday night and browse the web for days on end searching for keys to a red room while avoiding a kidnapper.I really liked the way websites became available at certain times of night, as well as the way the audio cues were used. Really creates that sense of dread that always occurs when we hear noises in our homes late at night.)"
,Recommended,485380,24450975,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,「Seppuku%Circus」,"Most people have experienced this:It's late at night, There is no one in the house but you... You're wearing your headset and gaming something or just browsing the internet. You turn around sometimes because you thought you heard something behind your back or thought there was a person behind you. But it was just a small noise in your headset or your senses that fooled you. Well.... In this game you kinda experience the same deal. Only thing is you're doing something illegal and have a very good reason to look around your shoulders because you heard noises. Reason??? Well there may be a hacker from the deep web that found traced your steps, and tracked down your location. And he's coming to kidnap you.And make you a candidate for the RED ROOM you ask? well we don't knowChairs moving and footsteps gives you a good reason to run off your computer to turn off the lights to hide from this creepy dude and stay quiet.I mean in the game not real lifeThe main goal is to find 8 hidden codes in the deep web to get the URL to the RED ROOM (Kinda like the Slender game, More time you spend, the more dangerous it gets for you)Welcome To The Game is based on the real life Deep Web that contains horrorfying and illegal stuff(yes the real deal is in fact illegal) that will give you probably more than 5 years in jail, only that the Deep Web you explore in this game is more of a Deep Web Simulator and more legal than the real deal so you don't actually need to look behind your back, stay behind 7+ proxies or be afraid of the feds coming to kick your door. you're just going to fear a scary russian dude from the deep web who's trying to track you down.||Pros: 1: Well made game, would give you the same kind of insecure or whatever feeling if you were looking at something illegal or creepy.2: Very cheap!3: Made me terrified and slightly paranoid4: You can use your microphone in the game(optional)! Just to stay dead quiet! And have the terrifying feeling in your chest because you force yourself to not breath or make a small noise because the kidnapper can hear you if he's outside your window.5:Your simple room is creepy to look at||Cons: 1: Could have added more websites in the game to explore.2: Only two types of minigames to defend yourself from hacking attacks8/10 Freaked me out and made me slightly paranoid."
,Not Recommended,485380,26715987,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Ham Man,"Okay, this game is so ♥♥♥♥ing annoying.You're supposed to click on links to random webpages and look for codes.I was on every page of the first wiki: no codes. I checked all of them numerous times to check which ones open up at certain hours and which ones are fake.Then I tried the Choosen Awake puzzle, and by Thor's hammer, that might be the worst ""puzzle"" I have ever seen. You need to scroll down the page and click at things. If you click the wrong one, you need to do it all over again. There's no pattern. Just do the same♥♥♥♥♥♥dozens of times and hope that you will get lucky. The last part of this*hack*""puzzle"" requires you to hover your cursor slowly over tiny circles and hope that one of these is clickable. And of course, there will be more than one to make you scroll all the way back to the same point and try again. Then it gives you a link to the second wiki, where you will be doing the same thing as before. Oh, and remember to f*cking write it down, because if you accidentaly click the home button, it will take you back to the first wiki and you will have to enter the link again. Oh, and if you didn't write it down, then do the same*barf*""puzzle"" all over again - but this time it's different, so have fun wasting your time on this turd.Secondly, the enemies. You know how you just want to do something important on your PC and everyone keeps bothering you? Well, this is the perfect simulator for you. You will have to turn off your lights or pick up the phone and run to the door like every 3 minutes. Or not, everyone loves starting everything over! Did I mention that the code locations are random so if you die you need to waste even more time? Oh, and the hackers. They suck monkey♥♥♥♥♥♥ They can strike 3 times in one minute, and their minigames are just... God.First there's the typing one. If you don't want to lose your snail porn collection, you need to type long strings on complicated commands in limited time. F*ck you slow typers! This is not the game for you!Then the arrow one. It starts instantly and gives you no time to figure out where to go. Boom. Hacked. Say bye to hardcore Gardevoir x Meloetta hentais!And the cloud one. It's just a huge joke. You add something so simple in a 2.0 update?""B-b-b-b-b-but dude, you can reset the modem and it will stop the hackers!!!!!!1!!!!!!""Yeah, leave the computer screen, click the modem and hold it for f*cking forever, and after it finally f*cking resets you only get like 2 minutes of peace. Thank you for this amazing feature developer! Another annoyance that just slows me down and distracts me fron potential killers!Bonus: do you want to search through funny and random xD confessions like ""I have a small♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; or craaaaawliiiing iiiin my skiiiiiin ones like ""I wanna♥♥♥♥♥♥my entire family"" hoping that RNG Jeebus will give you a code? Then you're in for a treat.And the most important part: what's even the point of playing anymore? Everyone saw their favourite screaming manchild beat the game. Everyone knows the ending and what's behind sites like ""Grandma's Fantasy"" or ""The Dollmaker"". Playing this is just not rewarding anymore.I don't know why I wasted my money on this.Avoid at all costs and just watch it on Youtube."
,Not Recommended,485380,23590963,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Bonzeee,*click* *wait for page to load* *cant connect* repeat x432
76561198118979823,Recommended,485380,23588522,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,MuddyClaps,"Ready to get Spooked? If so, BUY THIS GAME ASAP. Now with that out of the way I completely recommend this game, if you want to experience spookiness you have come to the right store page. Welcome to the Game is absolutely phenomenal, by the way did I mention it's $1.79 (For now beacause it's a special promotion), and after the promotion it will be $2.00 :D . Once again if you're looking for a cheap spooky game, Click add to cart and buy it! Have fun getting spooked! God Bless - Adam (Not game dev)Side Note: If you got a low end pc, don't worry, at this point you don't even need specs for this game (Well you kinda do), and there is also a wide selection of resolutions and also you can set your graphical settings to whatever you want ! (High,Medium,Low). Anyways, Thanks for reading! God Bless - Adam"
,Not Recommended,485380,23619512,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,ARREBENTA MOSTOMATES,"I was SO excited for this game. I've been pumped for it since I've seen some Youtubers playing it.Now... now I'm everything BUT excited. Played the game for about 45 minutes, TOTALLY ignored the noises, didn't leave the screen and didn't turn off the switch, still nothing happened. Either I broke the game, or the mechanics are just poorly made and the developer just assumes the player will turn the lights off.Secondly, it's really frustrating to search through the pages, when 90% of the pages I got went offline. I literally spent 45 minutes waiting for some of them to be available, and I got NOTHING.All the pages I got had NO NUMBERS for me to point down, which misses the WHOLE purpose of the game. Not saying you should make it easy, but you should at least give 1 number at a webpage in the beginning to keep the player going.The idea of the game is AMAZING and it has SUCH amazing potential. For real, this can be a FNAF type of game, even though I find FNAF repetitive. You have the chance to bring something really well thought here, but there are so many things that have to be worked on.On the other hand, 2$ ain't nothing. Hope you at least had some fun developing the game."
,Not Recommended,485380,23600674,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Werner Heisenberg,"Doesn't work. When I press ""New Game"", the loading screen appears and suddenly freezes."
,Not Recommended,485380,32916566,Posted: 28 June,all,Hikari,"If you like clicking broken links for hours on end, this game is for you!"
,Recommended,485380,23591334,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,jenn,I rate this game 11/10Pros:- very good graphics- very realistic deep web pages- great kidnapping scene- will scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of youCons:- took me 15 minutes to figure out how to turn the lights off/on- i have to keep scrolling down and side to side on the page to find the codes- glitchy controls
,Not Recommended,485380,31870038,Posted: 20 May,all,Tropical,"Mac Users- Game will not load. Don't know why, it just launches and everything freezes. Sat there for a good 5 minutes listening to Spongebob songs, and never loaded.Nor could I shut it down, it was entirely un-responsive. Had to shutdown my computer just to get everything back to normal."
,Not Recommended,485380,23608143,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,BubbaT1354,"I'm pretty honest and nice to games. I have A LOT of patience when it comes to playing them, butI gave this game a good amount of time for just nothing to happen but get hacked twice a minute, I didn't even get kidnapped. Also, I did what the game tells you to do which is to wait at different times for the websites to work andmost of the time I was in the game I was trying different times for different sites, and NOTHING was working; not even the side links on the sites to reach different areas of that one specific site. This game is honestly a waste of money and as you can see I DO NOT recommend this game."
,Recommended,485380,24106586,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,-Bader..,This game tought me how to butcher a human carcass for human consumptionIt also tought me NOT to♥♥♥♥♥♥off russian people10/10
,Recommended,485380,31192851,Posted: 16 April,all,Kkeev,Great game. Too scared to play it though...
76561198130663094,Recommended,485380,23619283,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Im Just Fat skinhub.com,"I was looking forward to playing this game.. So i bought it and i downloaded it and everything and once i got to the loading screen, the skull (loading bar) blinked 3 times and then it froze and i sat there for like 10 minutes waiting for it to load in to the game and it never did. Even know i could hear the game going in the background. If someone could help me that would be great, thank you."
,Recommended,485380,23873126,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Little Jerry,"Started up the game. The second I got in I knew I f**ked up. I had 2 friends the house at the time at they would not stop eating food while I'm trying to listen for a kidnapper. I have to pause the game, 6-7 times just to tell them to shut the f**k up. This game is absoulute gold. 10/10 Russian kidnapper would F**k me again."
,Recommended,485380,24944148,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,PhantomPenguin,"HERE IS A BIT OF ROLEPLAY ___Welcome, To the game.... Why thank you, 2 Mins later searching the deep web, ""Hmm, Testicle Multil... WHAT"" 1 second later, see's a person come in through the window and he's like ""Hellooo"" Me: ""AHHHH PLEASE DO NOT TESTICLE MULTILIATION THING ME""Starts again....Singing a song to calm me down,""Anybody wanna steal my girl, anybody wanna take her hea.... Whos that?""*Turns of lights**Waits 2 mins**Turns back on*Then there is a person staring at me as soon as i turn them on,""Helllooo""""Err. Hello, please do not testicle me""I have been taken to a room, WITH NO BALLS"
,Not Recommended,485380,23960848,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,The Wandering Tradesman,"Please fix this problem, eveytime I try to play the game I get to where it show the meaning of the red room. Then it crashes. Someone please help me,"
,Recommended,485380,24345043,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Zed Clampet,"I went onto the Dark Web. None of the pages worked so I didn't actually connect. Fifteen minutes later I was kidnapped by Russians. That's world class efficiency.In all seriousness (that's really what happened though), this is like a super creepy Five Nights at Freddy's.  You watch and listen for clues while using the Dark Web. When you think someone's about to break into your house, you log out of the computer and turn the lights out. During the time when you are on the Dark Web, you are looking for clues to get to a particular site. Get to the site without getting kidnapped and you win.Overall seems fun so far."
76561198058608467,Recommended,485380,23663876,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Ivan L. Moody,this game is good very goot
,Recommended,485380,23662456,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,UnchainedSoul3,"As is the game is just average pretty creepy but a little boring but there is some serious potential here, this could end up being a very good game so get it while it's cheap"
76561198084017785,Recommended,485380,23605504,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,🌈Gay Pride🌈,So far this game is amazing great graphics great atmosphere very scary all the deep web references are spot on so far great game especially for the price10/10 Would S@#t My Pants Again
,Recommended,485380,23605642,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Xetro,"It has its slow moments, but it helps make the fearful moments all the more tense.Something new and interesting which the horrror genre is in desperate need of.It also has alot of replayability for a game valued at two dollars."
76561198055628235,Recommended,485380,23606269,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,☩ Vas Suecia ☩,+Atmosphere is superb+Mechanics are suprisingly cool+Neat references *Hint*Takedownman*Hint*+Overall good game-I think I may have contracted some kind of heart condition
76561198043764997,Recommended,485380,23607082,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Izzy,I just wanna know how to determine when you're supposed to turn the lights off so I can finish the game. Other than that it's pretty cool.
76561198290234449,Recommended,485380,23607826,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,jumping_moose,"I overall really like the game, it's a real challenge to get all eight keys and the most I've got was five followed by kidnapping.  The one criticism I have for this game is that there are way too many dead links and the time spacific links drive me crazy.  Other than that everything else is mostly positive, I love fighting hacks, I like how the game keeps you on your toes with the kidnapper able to come at any time, and finding the keys are a lot of fun.  But I feel that everyone should know that the chosen awake link has a puzzle to solve that rewards the player with a link to another wiki page.  And trust me you will need access to that second link."
,Recommended,485380,23642453,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Rex NITRO,no no no
76561198150060833,Recommended,485380,23601585,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,grogoramish,OMG the game is so scared but I love it : D great horror game I find it even more scary and stressful than five nights a freddy s dont wait buy it now !!! YEY :D
,Recommended,485380,23618198,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Heath,"Really fun game, cheap price as well. Can't reccommend it enough. First few times jumped from my chair when the Russian Kidnapper came up behind me. The sites on this Dark Web simulator are also interesting, as in something you wouldn't normally see.Buy it! You can always refund it if you don't like it."
,Recommended,485380,23682649,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,LividXphos,its like a virtual laxative
,Recommended,485380,23683824,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,GabCHan,"Solving The Chosen One Puzzle, suddenly the kidnapper kidnap me and im stopped playing after that...10/10 Best Kidnapper of the Year"
,Recommended,485380,23601805,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Jakub.,-Good AI-Good scene-Good atmosphere-Spooky!
76561198198303028,Recommended,485380,23662182,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,[C3] Communist Bear,"the game is fun but getting hacked happens way to much, and I feel like the requirements are way to high just to run this game. also, if you liked getting scared this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,485380,24552075,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,DaRabidDuckie,"First off, I hate this fad of games that expect you do perform with the threat of instant and random death coming at any time, so if you actually like these kinds of games, you can stop reading this review.I played this game for an hour and tried to enjoy it. I honestly did. This has been the first time I've ever asked for a refund on steam.What really did it in for me was the puzzle required to get to the second page of the deep web. There are several rows of clickable objects, and you have to guess each one through trial or error to advance, and it resets the whole puzzle if you click the wrong thing.This would not normally be a problem, however when you reload the page (or come back in a new game) the puzzle is reconfigured in a random way. This means that every time you start over you have to overcome a random, trial-and-error puzzle that has no logic to it. There is no way to speed through it. You just guess anywhere from 5 to 10 times per row, and then move on to the next row, having to start over if you guess incorrectly.Frankly, puzzles of this sort shouldn't exist. There is no feeling of being rewarded for correctly guessing a random thing. The puzzle does nothing more than waste your time, to pad your playtime with another 2-4 minute bit of tedious and meaningless clicks before letting you into the rest of the game.Again, this wouldn't be a problem if this puzzle had a static solution that could be quickly cleared on later playthroughs, but instead we're hit with a trite puzzle that cannot be solved through any other means besides pure and repetitive guesswork.I might have actually enjoyed this had I not had to repeat that same puzzle so many times. Instead, I got angry and quit playing."
76561198153169229,Recommended,485380,25741120,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Big Smoke,deep web sim 2016
76561198159069157,Not Recommended,485380,24124767,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ventus,"Welcome to the Game is a survival game about your internet search for a red room on the Deep Web. I feel like this game had a lot of potenial. The game has you exploring the Deep Web, looking for 8 hidden keys to gain access to the red room.One big problem I had with this game was that a great percent of the websites are dead links. I feel like there are way too many of websites that did not work in this game. Some links are only available at certain times at the night, which was a small issue, but it makes sense. A handful of the sites in this game are really unsettling. The one I found most chilling was ""The Doll Maker"" by far. The text displayed was very disturbing and the music box song was a nice creepy touch.One thing I loved about this game was the music. The music played on certain websites were very chilling.Another problem I had was with the ""turning off the lights"" feature. This doesn't really make much sense to me. I don't undestand how turning the lights off would prevent any danger.Probably one of my bigger problems with the game was the ending. In my opinion, I found the ending really anti-climatic. It was a very short ending and I do not feel it was worth finishing.One of the main gameplay mechanics is blocking hacks. The DOS attacks can be really unfair in some scenarios. If you make a small mistake in the beginning, it could cost you. If this happens, you'll be lucky to recover. The kernel attacks involve you typing out a code given to you. These aren't too bad, unless you are a slow typer. Overall, the hack-blocking could have been improved greatly.Overall, Welcome to the Game had great ideas, and revolves around a very original concept, but was not executed good enough. If you want to buy this game, I won't stop you. For the price of the game, I'd say it might be worth it. But don't go into it expecting much."
,Recommended,485380,25139173,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,rua /K/,-Always got 3 keys-Heard footsteps-Save/QuitWorth 1.99$ for this game :)
76561198147985931,Recommended,485380,23985802,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Lil'Bastard,"Welcome to the Game is a creepy horror/puzzle game that takes you into the world of the Deep Web. Explore the Deep Web with the sole purpose of trying to find a Red Room, an online service / website that allows you to see and participate in interactive torture and murder.My opinion this game is a indie horror puzzle game,that takes you into the world of the deep web, where you trying to finding the red room, an online service that allow you too see and participate in interactive torture and murder,this game is acctually pretty scary, and also tricky sometimes.at the beginning of the game you get a toturial from the game, then you explore the deep web to find 8 codes to accsesthe red room, when u want to crack the chosen awake puzzle thats where things get scary, the kidnapper often shows up, and i failed 3 times because the kidnapper shows up from knowhere.but the game is fun, its an unique expirience too. this game is worth the buy, because the price is very cheap.i definitly reccomend this game to anyone who likes horror games genre8.5/10"
76561198068754700,Recommended,485380,24485043,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Joe Mama,Great horror puzzle game.Atmosphere is really cool.Fun to play hooked up to a tv with freinds. Everyone panics at the slightest sound
76561198337408002,Recommended,485380,30884922,Posted: 1 April,all,Kowasenai,"graficos relativamente pesados para um jogo onde vc fica apenas em frente a uma maquina virtual ,nao joguei mas aparenta ser legal"
,Recommended,485380,25325579,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,CSOFFER.ME OOF,noice
76561198136895472,Recommended,485380,25159483,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Simbar,Spolier Alert:I was not welcomed
,Recommended,485380,25022732,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Nukesys,THE CRINGE IS REAL!!!! love this game! Worth the money!
,Recommended,485380,24240938,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Gandalf,-downloads game--does tutorial--hears a small sound--press windows key then closes the game-
,Recommended,485380,24774509,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,CronoSnow,"If you are too scared to go to the actual deep web, (like me) this is the closest thing that you can experience searching the deep web without actually going to the real thing."
,Recommended,485380,24163786,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,TechJay,"DAMN!!! i usually dont get spooked by much but this game does the unthinkable of makeing you feel like you are actually not just playing a game but lookign at the actual Deep web and then boom hacked and then Boom again kidnapped...i have not played the game much but i can tell you from the gametime i have: the game is worth the 1.99$ for sureeasy to learn, easy to get into, but rather hard to actually get somewhere in the game.and really fun when you get some things right :D8/10 imolacks a sense of control...i got hacked 3 tims in a row and as soon as i finished the third hack defending i got kidnapped, this happened at day 2.the game is not perfect but its really fun to play IF you have the nerves of Steel that you need to survive this game."
76561198102505154,Recommended,485380,24397254,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,wimpy goblin,an awesome game......sadly played it during the night
76561198069128622,Recommended,485380,24263361,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,wiZard_,"Id say my experience with this game was overall distasteful:-Load up game-Go through turorial-Guy mentions hackers and kidnappers will try and get me-Ignore it and start playing-Suddenly computer glitches; this must be one of those hacks-BUT WAIT-Computer is seriously glitching out-Letitimately apears to be hacked, and it hit me-Hacker from the deep web found me through a game about the deep web-I know what to do-Nonchalantly start up my anti hacker program ucantseeme.exe-A few minutes later computer is back online and I get a phone call-Its John Cena who informs me that the hacker recieved an RKO and is out of commission-Thank him and continue with game-A few minutes later I get a knock on the door-It's Papa Johns pizza, and Papa John is standing there-Strange, I didn't order any pizza-He tells me Papa's in the house with a thick russian accent-Takes off his rubber mask and reveals himself as a russian kidnapper with a ski mask-His pants are off, and I pass out from shock-Wake up in my bed next day with a soar ♥♥♥♥♥♥So should I get a refund or am I just not playing the game correctly?"
,Not Recommended,485380,26741295,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Bogs,"Game sucked. Very repetitive, not shocking, and not scary. Refunded it."
76561198013381443,Recommended,485380,23841111,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ville:},10/10. Lets see if I can hold ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ myself in the next 10 minutes of playing
76561198089440596,Recommended,485380,25512996,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,CrowBlesseD,>be me>be 22>be a medium beta>have friends nothing special>weaboo>♥♥♥♥♥ newbie>see game cheap money>buy>Play>Day 1 found 5 codes>Day 2 searching>Footsteps outside>Look out of pc>See Russian Terrorist enter window>Me say♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I KILL YOU>*CHOKES ME*>Me Dead-10/10 would Rush B♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ !
76561197974600783,Not Recommended,485380,30333197,Posted: 5 March,all,The Postmaster,"Even though this game is very cheap, I cannot recommend it.Most of the gameplay is not engaging and tricky, like I expect from a ""hacking"" game.Rather, it is boring and grindy. Just look at the ""kernel hack"" puzzle.Type the code you see on screen? Come on, that is no fun at all. Maybe we could be given a choice of code lines instead, and pick the one that makes sense in the context?The random clicking of links until you get lucky to visit the right one at the right time of day is no fun either. Instead give us hints to figure out when to visit what link, so we can figure it out rather than doing mindless clicking."
76561198254498409,Recommended,485380,24285291,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,dohnutslayer,I really need help. i have kind of a crappy mac and i am playing the game. I try and put it in windowed mode but there is only 1 window settng. Are there more? Also how do u exit from the pause menu?
,Recommended,485380,25094956,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Bottleneck,He could've just said I was a hacker and called me a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ instead of ♥♥♥♥ing kidnapping me.
,Recommended,485380,31346059,Posted: 24 April,all,NateVB_04,This game is really interesting.Only problem is that these two things happen while loading (even more so if you alt-tab out of the game)1. Softlocks on the loading screen.2. Freezes when it finishes loading.
76561198083726095,Recommended,485380,30988517,Posted: 6 April,all,catrere,play in the dark and alone 10/10
,Recommended,485380,24126427,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,ridagreat,"Wont even open, right when it reaches the loading the game freezes but the audio plays though. Other then that i know its a good game! help me get my game running"
,Recommended,485380,24682010,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,The Green Gorblin,so my friend got this game and was really freaked out.so i thought i would give it a try. And woah he was right.that computer screen backround is pretty disgusting.jk russian scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me.
,Recommended,485380,28175877,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,LOGSBANNANAS,This game is awesome but is anyone having problems clicking new game
76561198090008333,Recommended,485380,28276352,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Ashfurtrash,"I love this game so much and its really scary. This is one of the best horror games i have played in a while, but recently i was in a group call and there was someone in the call i did not reconize and when i brought this game up, he suddenly claimed to be the creator of welcome to the game. he also said he was the one who gave Mark early access to it. I was quite unhappy due to the fact he was unstealthly using my friend to get a free fursuit when fursuits cost thounds of dollars. saying he was already paying for 3 million dollars of surgry! which is quite unreal because he said he lost his hand that same day and it hadnt been amutapted and yet had a amputee hand or in this case just his real hand inside of a glove. he asked me 4 times if i believed him but instead of saying no and risking him getting angry with me i said yes. so consitering this he is definatly lying about creating the game, but i feel like this was just intresting to share. i dont think its right for him tobe going around taking credit for this amazing game."
76561198196592042,Recommended,485380,24094644,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,LennyS,Omg i like how the game looks.but omg i am going to cry
,Recommended,485380,30321041,Posted: 4 March,all,AkselPlaysGames,Spookeh
76561198141342699,Recommended,485380,23736054,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Ventex,"I like this game because of the cool concept it contains, but it is kinda laggy, even if windowed mode is in use. For me this happens but I suppose that many others can run it well. But still, it's a cool game (btw the hacking mode is still pretty frequent)"
76561198306917173,Recommended,485380,33114516,Posted: 1 July,all,Shabuu,1st time maiin
,Not Recommended,485380,24579494,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,SimSeh,It was a kinda good game but it isn't worth the money. I think i played it 30 minutes and then it was already getting repetitive.
,Recommended,485380,24286888,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Purple Sock,I love this Game!
,Recommended,485380,24347386,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,drew it,"Bought this for $2Started playing itHear noises, spooks meGo back to browsingHear chair moveSee russian man front flip through the windowMash ESCALT - F4VIVA ROSKI, VIVA VIVA ROSKITime to cry myself to sleep"
,Recommended,485380,34268946,Posted: 15 August,all,DEAD,iz gud iz spoopy do listen dont get stabboed
,Recommended,485380,34496981,Posted: 25 August,all,Type hamburger,"these hackers tried to get into my house and tried to ddos me, so i just reset my router and all was good."
76561198301398674,Recommended,485380,24130514,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,水Eclipse水 (secretly gay),real gud game
,Recommended,485380,29519684,Posted: 27 January,all,Unsafest,"Well, I don't normally find many games too scary, this game made me scream."
,Recommended,485380,29509459,Posted: 26 January,all,Savage Bjarne,Its ♥♥♥♥ing scary and i love itbtw played this 2.00am
76561198062888304,Recommended,485380,27525300,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DrunkUnicorn,"Russian thugs snuck into my house and took me away, 8/8 r8 8"
76561198072448322,Not Recommended,485380,24161393,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,SiccBandit,"Boring, not really creative, repetitive. Get the tor-browser and start searching stuff yourselves, you'll have more fun with that.Unable to connect 2/10"
,Recommended,485380,24241283,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Ivan Primorac csgoboss,"I sh@t my pants, twice.11/10."
,Recommended,485380,24462302,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,MOM,It didnt even start right for me :(
,Not Recommended,485380,24396238,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,[_TAS_] Dvck God,"The game looks good in videos but sadly I am stuck with a problem where the in-game monitor is completely blank. I can't recommend the game due to this issue, and the 'discussions' section is so barren that it may take hours to even get a response like ""oh yeah dude, I have the same problem""The issue isn't Windows 10, by the way, as I went on a ♥♥♥♥♥ier computer and the only problem there was the immense amount of lag.Update: The developer of this game is completely unhelpful. Contacting him proves useless as no response ever comes, and the discussions page is filled with clueless players who definitely don't have an answer to any of the problems people have. Don't waste your time if the game doesn't work for you; just get a refund."
,Recommended,485380,24308823,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,ZexR,Very Scary♥♥♥♥♥♥my♥♥♥♥♥♥and my face
76561198032560245,Recommended,485380,31236448,Posted: 19 April,all,Dr. Trollinski,"I feel nervous every time I start the game up; it's truly something unique which plays on the fear of the unknown. You don't know when the killer will be at the door or where the kidnapper is, sometimes you don't know until it's too late. The game's a lot more in-depth than it looks, that's for sure, but I've almost fallen out of my chair while playing this.Notable experience:*searching for keys*""Ffs, three keys in like 13 days, what a joke.""*Location services arrow appears in top right*""LIGHT LIGHT LIGHT""*Turn around; killer stood right behind me*I'm pretty sure I lost five years off my life expectancy that day.Just imagine this game with VR, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198355511674,Recommended,485380,30574934,Posted: 17 March,all,Mr.Cthulu,THIS GAME GOODOIGHT LADS ITS TWACY HERE AND IOM GONNA STIVCK A GRENADea OU UZ SASDASZE
,Recommended,485380,30656410,Posted: 21 March,all,Halobeast10,3spooky5me
,Recommended,485380,30739734,Posted: 25 March,all,Coca Cola™,"I kinda wanna cry now, this is3 scary 5 me."
,Recommended,485380,30640835,Posted: 20 March,all,MaggaraMaza,nisetti
,Recommended,485380,23642038,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Frank the Bartender/Waiter,"This game is honestly one of the most well made suspense/horror games I've ever played. I don't think anyone has beaten the game yet. The furthest I've made it to was 4 keys... Also even though I expect the kidnapper everytime ever since I got surprised the hell out of me the first time, it still manages to scare me. Great Game I r8 8/8"
76561198331123159,Recommended,485380,29287017,Posted: 15 January,all,Madness007,I cant Open the game anymore!?
,Recommended,485380,33910651,Posted: 30 July,all,Callero,"For someone who goes into the deep web very often...this game is eh...as a stand alone it would be alright, but the fact that it is based off of the Deep web just makes me cringe. Quite difficult and boring if you dont know what to do"
,Recommended,485380,24653133,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Look at me,iTz dah beest gamme snce Craftmine 2Slender + FNAF + kidnapping simulator9/11 would chill with the doll maker again
76561198141714041,Recommended,485380,30051924,Posted: 19 February,all,Jujube100,"Payed 2 bucks, Played for 10 minutes, heard breathing, refuned the game.10/10 would refund again"
,Recommended,485380,24204477,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Just A Cup,>installed game>started game>guy shows me how to stop hackers>went into a wierd website with random symbols>heard stepping sound in house>turned off lights for 5+ min>started computer and exited game.10/10 would sit in the dark again.
,Recommended,485380,24124852,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,McCree,I was kidnapped 30 minutes in.I never want to play this game again.But something keeps calling me back.
,Recommended,485380,24128518,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Ducks,Hey thats pretty good. Screamed so loud my dad threw me out of my house.-sent through steam mobile
,Recommended,485380,24072367,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,OnUr OrAcLu AGU,"A really cool game. I like the idea behind this game, and its a preaty good simulation of the deepweeb.this game have some bugs, but they don't change the gameplay. I think the kidnaper isnt soo scarry. they should put the bucher and the pupet maker in the game so you don't need to wach only the window. I recomend this game...(P.S. turn the light of, be silet, and wach the window)"
,Recommended,485380,23592517,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Artic Warfare Magnum,Bought it and man this cheap indie game is a real thriller. It makes me paranoid that even a small sound from the house makes me very cautious. But the most jumpscary thing here is the sound of the start of the breach of the hacker. It always makes me jumpy whenever I get a hacker. 9.9/10 - GIN
76561198287867683,Recommended,485380,23596059,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,lokinecka,"-As a non English language country person, I find a bit hard write down the symbols like # or &, because I have to switch to the EN keyboard everytime and it consumes more time. So they always hack me.+I love it to the bits. The atmosphere, the spooks. Really good job!"
76561198106207928,Recommended,485380,26495763,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Nae bad JoJo,This game is pretty fun and really in depth for the one Dev working on it ! I reccomend this game to you if you are into horror stories about the deep web and horror/scary games in general< plus you cant complain about the price when its from a dev trying to make a living developing indie games for his small fanbase. I fully recommend this game for any horror or puzzle game enthusiast !
76561198035575026,Recommended,485380,23839658,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,H.Sass,"Easy to understand how to play! Really unique game, with great soundseffect and atmosphere!But I find it difficult to find any clues, bacuse if i get it right, its random from person to person.BUT not giving up, im gonna figure this out.You should try it!"
,Not Recommended,485380,28420384,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Morkys_streamland,What you expect:- a horror game with puzzles and jumpscaresWhat you get:-a point and click trial by error game that inconveniences you occasionally with having to start all over again.
76561198153718228,Not Recommended,485380,23668053,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Tommy Wiseau,"You objectivce is to find 8 codes in the websites to get access to red roomYou are told a kidnnapper will come and hunt you down as you progress. You are not scared and start with excitement browsing the pages and looking for the codes. And you see...<<Spoiler Alert>>Unable to connect Unable to connect Unable to connect Unable to connect Unable to connect Unable to connect Unable to connect Unable to connect Unable to connect Unable to connect Unable to connect Unable to connect Unable to connect Unable to connect Unable to connect Unable to connect Unable to connect Unable to connect Unable to connectSometimes you are going to be hacked, you fend the hackers off either by typing lengthy commands or solving braindead puzzles.Then there is a man's voice. You turn right. Oh, the mighty kidnapper is here. You are dead.Isn't it fun? It isn't even scary. Maybe I missed out something.I asked for refund and it is granted."
,Recommended,485380,23719201,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,D7MAS,it's Deeb Web 0_0xD
,Not Recommended,485380,23819331,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Daisy,"Gameplay is slow, repetitive and tedious. Trying waaay too hard to be edgy."
,Recommended,485380,30488658,Posted: 13 March,all,AMBROSINE,love it!
,Recommended,485380,23626714,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Собачий человек,I was kidnapped and the game immediately crashed afterwards.♥♥♥♥♥♥myself. 10/10 would play again
76561197971077028,Not Recommended,485380,25159175,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Jyquentel,"Trash game. It's repetitive, uninteresting, the jumpscares get boring very quickly.The mechanic that makes it so you can't access certain websites at certain times is more hindering than mysterious or anything good. It just serves as a means to slow your progression. It doesn't make the game any less bad. The graphisms are trash, the webpages are very obviously just facades -- you can only get to the very first page of the few websites that are actually reachable -- and the rest are simply fake. You can never connect to them.The hacking mechanic is just as bad. Basically, every one in twenty seconds, you will get to do a coin flip. If you get the typing puzzle, you're golden. You get about five times as much time to type simple sentences as you would need typing with only your pinky finger. If you get the arrows puzzle, though, you're basically screwed."
,Not Recommended,485380,23969043,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,XxRawryxX,doesnt work
76561198122524060,Recommended,485380,29840358,Posted: 10 February,all,Im gonna eat darrens dog,"""Hey thats pretty good!"""
76561198167538569,Not Recommended,485380,23626766,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,✪Coven,"It is fun for a little while but then you realize that you are in for the long haul, it starts to get boring from all the clicking and finding nothing. I admit it was pretty interesting and different style of game play."
,Recommended,485380,25952092,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Slough,super spoopy
,Not Recommended,485380,23910970,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Bill Nye the Oddshot Guy,"I would really like to play this game. I downloaded it today and started, but everytime I go to get out of the computer (right click) I get a black screen and my crosshair in the middle someone please help!"
76561198106343555,Recommended,485380,23624777,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,josh,AMAZING GAMESHOULD ADD DAT BOI WHEN YOU ARE KIDNAPPEDHE GO O♥♥♥♥♥♥WADDUP10/10
76561198133305060,Recommended,485380,34647750,Posted: 31 August,all,Lil Tootbrush,"So here is my expirience in this game... I decided to have some balls and actually play at one point... I was getting the typing hack and i didnt want to do it so i tried to exit, realize i couldnt exit, answered the killer on the phone. scared my a*s off not knowing what to do because i was getting hacked and basically murdered at that point alt f4ed because i didnt know what was gonna get me first. 10/10 would sh*t my pants again"
,Recommended,485380,24307860,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,dead hairline,>start the game>listen to tutorial>think this is easy>hear a noise>♥♥♥♥ing close the game10/10 would get spooked again
,Recommended,485380,23607143,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Kid,GAME IS SCARY AS ♥♥♥♥10/10NEXT SLENDERMAN
76561198091933109,Not Recommended,485380,32828273,Posted: 26 June,all,OMGWrongHole.avi,The game doesn't appear to work. Upon starting you sit in front of a computer that clicking on gives you a black screen. You are able to reset the in-game modem which does nothing and if you try hard enough you can spin around and walk to the front door that also does nothing. The game seems to be unfinished or not compatible with my laptop and graphics card. MSI GT80S TITAN SLI-002 with 2X 8GB GeForce GTX 980M SLI.
,Not Recommended,485380,23941428,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,whotheFUCKisthat,"This game is quite boring and just downright uninteresting. It desperately needs a better tutorial with an explanation on how/where to find codes on webpages. The note system is terrible, considering you cannot directly edit notes you create, (Which surprises me, because it's a simple feature.) Finally, Welcome to The Game has a pointless and rushed overall concept. When I purchased it, I assumed that it would be a fun and entertaining short game, but I wouldn't play this game even if someone paid me for it. 0/10 not even worth $0.02, let alone $2.00."
,Recommended,485380,23647152,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Larsson,I did not get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥within 15 minutes.3/10 IGN - I did not get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,485380,24834268,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,The Senate,"This game is so much fun, so short but it's alot of fun.I got scared so many times for no reason.THIS GAME IS SICK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,485380,23590529,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Inkopolis Knight 3.0,im only played a small amount and i love it the only thing i see as a issue is the kernal complier hacks those ones either need that clock slowed down or something other then that great game IMO and i would metion this to others to give it a shot to try since its cheap to buy as well keep up the good work reflecter studios
,Not Recommended,485380,24191675,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,2064arcade,"Welcome to the game is a perfect example of how easily one can ruin a great experiance. See, itshouldbe tons of high-tension fun, with neat-o puzzles and the ability to scare the %^#@ out of me with stressfull hacker-attackers, despite the game's high level of cheese. But sadly, constant distractions from sppoky dooky kidnappers interrupt you so you can't ever get anything done. I would recommend this game ONLY to someone with god-like patience."
,Not Recommended,485380,25446813,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,BlanketMonster,"intresting concept for the game, only thing keeping me from getting a thumbs up is that it's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t at times. you'll get kidnapped with out warning 90% of the time and the hacking is slow.but the ending was alright"
,Not Recommended,485380,24516619,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,effectator,"This game is outright boring. It's trial-and-error: the game.There are dozens of dozens of links to click on, and 9 times out of 10, it's an empty page that will never even open no matter what time it is. And it takes a good 5-6 seconds to check each link, forcing you to spend minutes upon minutes checking every link. The UI is horrible, the two windows you can control are frustrating to manuever and clunky. The voice acting is horrendous. The animation of walking to the light is absolutely silly. There are two minigames, one which is an aggrivating Bioshock pipe game ripoff, and the other is simply just typing a few lines of code it gives you, which is, again, boring and frustrating.This game could have been decent if it wasn't for the cheap FNAF ripoff mechanic. The whole kidnapping concept is silly and exists solely to give people a jumpscare, which I was expecting much better out of this game than resorting to something so petty.And what's the payoff? Nothing. A cheap, twenty second cutscene where absolutely nothing happens.People were describing this game as an accurate and terrifying portrayal of the deep web, but it's more tame and far more boring than FNAF. You know what would have made this game a LOT better? Not taking the easy way out by making everything PG-13. Don't want to emotionally horrify people by putting violent mutilation at the end? Don't make a game with the main goal being the access to watch a violent mutilation.You advertise the Red Room concept so much, making it the game's Steam banner, title screen, description focus, as well as describing it in the loading screen, then when you FINALLY get to the Red Room, it lasts twenty seconds, and you see less violence than the ♥♥♥♥♥iest of student films. Even the jumpscare is tame and ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Would not recommend unless you have an insane attention span, are masochistic, don't care about payoffs, and/or like the worst parts of the FNAF series."
,Recommended,485380,24202007,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,catmantj(),"this game is so fun and scary and it is so realistic , but maybe add animations so he actually comes through the window so he can come in if you dont turn the lights off and you are in 3d mode :)"
,Not Recommended,485380,23645589,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,daddy,":FOR MAC USERS!:I was really excited to buy it at first, since i love horror games.Then, When i start it up, Its just. Freezing. You cant pause the game for one, Nor continue the game. So you have to start a new game everytime. Its also VERY slow.Besides that it was sorta pretty good. Good hacking times for me. But overall just watchout for this."
,Not Recommended,485380,24416030,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Slay3rRock3r86,"I open the game file, click new game, loading screen, skull flashing on bottom of loading screen stops flashing, game crashes. Every time I try to play, this happens, what do I do?"
,Recommended,485380,31494469,Posted: 1 May,all,x_Yuki,I got heart attack because of this game :)
,Not Recommended,485380,29002134,Posted: 4 January,all,wahooaviator,Buddy and I tried playing it.  Made no sense.  We seemed to get stuck in a loop with the plot not developing at all.  Might be missing something.
,Recommended,485380,23772807,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,P3S,3spooky5me
,Recommended,485380,27753473,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Detective Fat Weedington,Good gam.
,Recommended,485380,24087945,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,oxiba | stidler.com,spooky & scary.will be playing again.
,Recommended,485380,30227724,Posted: 27 February,all,InFeRnuS,for a 2€ you can´t go wrong.
,Recommended,485380,24654544,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,BlinMachine,-Plays game-Loading fails-DoINeedToEditTheSettings.jpg-Game loads after editing settings-LetsDoThis.doc-Gets jumpscared-Tells FNAF Fanboy this game is way better999999/10 would make FNAF Fanboy cry again
76561198283685935,Not Recommended,485380,32924812,Posted: 28 June,all,Jake Pauler,Not so scary. Played the game and never got a jumpscare
76561198012022777,Not Recommended,485380,25504117,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,jpennock,Game Constantly crashes on windows 10. NEEDs to be fixed asap.
76561198251896430,Recommended,485380,31246985,Posted: 19 April,all,codygsmith66,"Let me start out by saying this game is really terrifying to me, I have yet to even play it through all the way, has my nerves on edge, but I love it.The graphic are great, the environment looks really good, especially now that it's been updated to 2.1, after the update from the original, you have access to more of the house than you did, you can now go to the front door, and the house looks awesome, pretty detailed, and it looks great.The sounds are incredible, the small noises have me on edge, the foot steps,mother chair moving, the curtains blowing with the wind, every small little sound has me on edge, which makes this game really awesome, I like being scared, but at the same time hate it, hard to explain, this game does a great job with the sounds, the other really good sound is the phone when the guy calls you, it's real creepy, especially when he finally talks, so damn creepy.The controls are great, and really easy to learn, most of the control is through the mouse, you right click to exit the computer view and when you do, you use the s key to look behind and turn off the lights, and you use the d to look to the right to head to the front door, which becomes important later in the game.  Then I think you either hit a or s to head back to the computer room.  To scroll through pages on the deep web, you use either the mouse wheel, or hold down the left button and move the mouse either up or down to go up or down on the pages in the deep web, all in all, pretty simple and easy to use controls.Not sure if there's much music in game, I know there's the music on the main menu, but other than that, any music you hear is on some of the deep web pages you find, or when certain events happen in game, not gonna spoil those though, and most of the music is pretty dramatic and really creepy, adds to the tension of the game and keeps the nerves on edge.The story is pretty unique, you are a person looking through the deep web, trying to get to the red room, and the red room is a place on the deep web that is dedicated to torture and murder, not sure why this character wants to go there, but that's the plot, and in order to get there, you need to find 8 hidden link keys to the red room, the keys are hidden on the many pages you look through on the deep web, you have to look very carefully for them, and that's basically the story, and this pretty much concludes my review of Welcome To The Game 2.1."
,Recommended,485380,24094399,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,FrostyTheGamer,"So, I saw Jacksepticeye play this and thought it would be fun. I was wrong. I am now terrified to play this game without a diaper.I'm currently all out, so I refuse to continue."
,Recommended,485380,29364221,Posted: 19 January,all,DzPlayzStuff,Awesome! Must Get 9999999999999999999999999.9 / 2 Afros
76561198097661703,Recommended,485380,29682976,Posted: 3 February,all,Dat Sheep,You get kidnapped by a DarkRP Blackmarket Dealer XD
,Recommended,485380,27530999,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AlikeBrodie,"Okay, so I got all 8 codes...(heard footsteps)Alt+F4Never playing again, noping my way outta there."
,Not Recommended,485380,34341450,Posted: 18 August,all,Some Hooligan,Loses its novelty really quickly after the first few jump scares
,Not Recommended,485380,29132564,Posted: 8 January,all,AngeLys,"Game was promising, until I quit for the first time A.N.N. and when I came back, it just wasn't responding anymore. Please fix."
76561198153623119,Recommended,485380,31469603,Posted: 30 April,all,DaBoyyy,haa haaa haaaaaacks
,Recommended,485380,33916297,Posted: 30 July,all,XxX_nickspeanut_XxX,good
,Recommended,485380,24112940,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,KiberNedux,"I buyed it after watching PewDiePie play the game, i had like 5 minutes before summer sale ends (i know it was only 30 cents cheaper, but hey as long as it cheaper), i like it since i myself browse in Deep Web and you can find some ♥♥♥♥ed up♥♥♥♥♥♥there, in game it's really well copied sites. 9/10 because i never saw dem naked YouTubers site"
,Recommended,485380,29725108,Posted: 5 February,all,߷I Want To Die߷,best game 10/10 BUY IT
76561197984958577,Not Recommended,485380,24330068,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Nova225,"Good concept, poor executionI want to like this game, I really do.  I put a ton of hours into Uplink (a greta old-school-ish hacking game), so I thought this would be an interesting game.  And it would be, but the mechanics the developer put in are just grating.You're given a list of links off of a psuedo-wiki page to go find 8 pieces of the link to the infamous Red Room.  Some work absolutly never (you can kind of determine this if they sound like porn sites or something), but you have no way of knowing if they're permanently broken links or if they tie into the other mechanic in that certain links only work at certain hours.  A link that's up from 10-11pm may not work at 3am, and vice versa.There's one page with a puzzle that leads to a second page of wiki links just like the first.  If you lose your notes, then you have to redo the puzzle.  Which is randomized.  And a trial and error puzzle.So basically you're going through different links at different times trying to see what works.  Nothing hints at which links work at which times, so you're completely in the dark.  But lets say you finally find a page.  Now you're hunting for a link, except now you've got 20 different buttons you can click on, all leading to dead ends.  But you have to click on every one, because nothing determines whether it's a dead end or a piece of the puzzle.  Sometimes clicking them gets you hacked.  The hacking games are actually easy enough with a little practice, but the punishments of days lost (you have 30 days before you run out of time) and whether or not you lose your in-game notes is randomized.Finally there's the kidnapper mechanic, which is never explained except for ""There will be a kidnapper soon.  Turn your lights off if he's around"".  How long do you turn your lights off for?  What noises are actually him creeping up on you and which are ambient?  Why in some cases can you openly ignore loud banging footsteps with no consequences and other times have to listen for the tiniest sound and immediatly stop what you're doing to halt his progress?My big issues is that the fun is in searching through the dark web and looking for the links.  But there's sooooooo much that pulls you away from your primary task.  It's like if Five Nights at Freddy's required you to play Skyrim at the same time, but you had to pause the game to make sure the animatronics weren't at your doorstep."
76561198145569514,Not Recommended,485380,24224701,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Butt Toaster,"I can not recommend this game. The main reason, I exceed all the recommended specs for it and yet it still crashes everytime I try to play it everytime I hit new game it loads lets me in the game for a couple seconds then freezes and crashes."
76561198082330605,Not Recommended,485380,23939865,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,SmolderingWater,very tedious
,Recommended,485380,24469563,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Melvin,My new favorite 2$ purchase!
,Recommended,485380,24306601,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,[GOH]thrivill29,I pooped my pants
,Recommended,485380,23642489,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,มีเสน่ห์,horror fun and confused
76561198124316561,Recommended,485380,23642815,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Young and Menace,i love this gameits scary and unpredictable
,Recommended,485380,24305286,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Cthulhu Redux,"A neat little game about finding hidden codes in the nasty depths of the deep web in an effort to find an intereactive murder site. Most of the game revolves around the in-game web browsing mechanic so if that sounds good to you, this is the game for you. The sites in the game are pretty great, either the kind of disturbing content you'd expect to find on the deep web, or plays on those things. The game is very simple but has great atmosphere and a soilid core mechanic. I think it's a lot of fun.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7SGXB-OuT9s"
76561198015008783,Recommended,485380,23594026,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Janko,"Heyj guys this ios good but i think vould more options like the voice is not that you certanily hear great ad i use headpones.An other ting is someonew who would like to just jump right into and would like to skip the totorial,please allow them to do so. I'am not a typer guy so even the turial is hard for me.."
,Recommended,485380,31569917,Posted: 5 May,all,DQuack,this game just creeps me out
,Recommended,485380,26450799,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,☠Ferbarusbii☠,"The game is very nice but you get very hacked but the nice game man is kidnapping, but if you shorten the time of hacking it will be nice and it means the money you give to the game so give it 4 TL"
,Recommended,485380,25826292,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Ford Explorer //RUSTPO,"Ok for a few hours, I refunded mine, but I enjoyed it."
,Not Recommended,485380,23834363,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Flibedi-floob,"Jumpscares.From one word alone you know whether or not you're going to buy this game.This is a sort of FNAF clone where the jumpscare only happen if you die, but the cues for when you die are, as usual, virtually non-existent....and when you die, you lose all progress.I played through the tutorial and then I closed the game and watched an LP instead.I regret absolutely nothing....but if you're a 15 year old kid who loves Markiplier and PewDiePie, then you'll probably love this game."
76561198045804413,Not Recommended,485380,32790397,Posted: 25 June,all,aquairumdude,"I cant even play this game, the computer screen is black, and i dont know how to fix it. i want a refund or a update"
,Not Recommended,485380,23621156,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Jack,"i REALLY want to like it but i cant play due to the some of the minigames difficulty  i feel like the dev should have an opition to turn off the mini game or have diffilculty levels. i know i have to ""get gud"" but typing that fast is an extreme challeng for me"
76561198307149453,Not Recommended,485380,23802384,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,eovento,"Man… this is a game I wanted to have enjoyed.The game consists on a list of links related , in 90% of the time, to extremely boring stuff - and that might have been quite a challenge, taking in consideration the virtually infinite diversity of material in the real thing. But… nothing is compared to the lame hacking thing we are obliged to do all the time. It’s so tedious, and so absolutely pointless, that I can’t even describe my frustration. Developers, please, understand this: a game is supposed to be an enjoyable thing (even if by difficult challenges and puzzles)… and you manage to fail a hundred percent on this. The hacking thing is just a lame, boring, tedious, mechanic work. Everytime it starts, I think/feel: “oh, no… that crap again”… and this is the very last feeling/thought a developer must seek and rise on their players. After about 20 times I just got bored to my limit and stopped playing.Technically, the game is full of bugs.The so-called notepad never worked after my first entry. When I pause the game, sometimes it’s just impossible to get back, as the game virtual mouse gets frozen. The virtual shutt off button (to quit the game) sometimes works, sometimes doesn’t - in this cases I have to just kill the game, without any saving (which is not a problem, as I wouldn’t open it again).Sadly, this is my very first negative review. About a game I really wanted to like. Maybe the developers can rebuild (and re-think) the whole concept. Take the annoying hacking thing away, find interesting challenges, not only repetitive and meaningless mechanical work. After all, it’s suppose to be fun, right?"
76561198322249987,Recommended,485380,29704294,Posted: 4 February,all,ShadowGaming10,"Yo m8!I rlly Enjoiy dis game, Cuz it can spook teh♥♥♥♥♥♥out of u!The only thing i dont like about dis game is dat the lightning rlly makes my game lag.Sooooooo yeh, GG!"
,Not Recommended,485380,24092666,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,The Fixer,"I'm afraid I have to agree with a lot of the other (more elegant than my own) reviews here. I obviously don't have much time into this game yet, but I just can't bring myself to open it back up and play it through again after two kidnappings. I really find this game to be an endless time waster that yields no adrenaline or feeling of success or progress.- Websites being open at completely random times means you spend most of your time just looking for a website that's open, and taking notes when you find the right hour that the website's open.- When you do find a website, there's about a 90% chance that it's utterly pointless and you'll spend 5-10 minutes clicking dead links and waiting for the ""page not available"" screen to load. With most websites having 5-20 links, this gets depressing real fast.- The biggest failure though, is that once you're kidnapped (which can happen in the blink of an eye if you miss even the smallest of a hint that he's coming) it's game over. And the next game you start, ALL the websites, codes, code locations, etc. are completely different. What this means is that you can't build onto your existing knowledge and move forward. You completely start over from the beginning without knowing anything.Some may enjoy staring at the dark and waiting for pages to load only to eventually wind up starting over from the beginning with no sense of achievement or progress, but I do not. I'll be refunding the game, not because $2 matters much, but because I would like the developer to realize the flaws in his game and work on them."
,Not Recommended,485380,34750522,Posted: 4 September,all,.:BE/\STYR/\WR:.,"This game is fun and intense AT TIMES. but it's also VERY GLITCHY! Please fix the tabbing out issue, and the random mouse only being able to move a certain length/way. And this GAWDDAMN webpage zoom♥♥♥♥♥♥ive been dealing with since getting the game, ive tried EVERY FIX i have found online on top of my own computer intelligence. I'd say totally worth without these glitches. The jumpscares are great but few and far between!!!"
76561197990295571,Not Recommended,485380,24037262,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Liquid1ce,"They should remove the user tag ""hacking"" from this game as it has nothing to do with hacking. I've played many simulation games (Uplink, Onlink, Hacker Evolution, HackNet, etc) and they are loads more fun. What i dislike about this game is that there is nothing to do 90% of the time.You buddy gives you a list of links to the Deep Web for you to explore and find the Red Room. 80% of them dont work at any given point. So you just click a link. Site is down. Click a different link. Site is down. Click a different link. Site is down. Click a different link. Site is down. Click a different link. Site is down...... After a few min you might get a link that works, and if you're lucky it will have a code written on the page with a portion of the web address to the Red Room. You need to collect all 8 portions to be able to access the Red Room.There are some sprinkling of someone hacking the computer you're using but its childs play mostly. The pics of those two mini games are shown on the Store Page. One is a DOS blocker in which you have to redirect traffic to an exit node. (basically click the empty boxes to get the arrow to go in the right direction). The other is a kernal compiler in which text is displayed on screen and you have to copy what is written. Note that each test is timed and if you fail a test your computer has been traced and a kidnapper will come and grab you in a few days.Oh yes, at ramdom points you may notice that your computer is being traced or you hear footsteps outside/inside. Your only defence? Run and turn off the lights and wait for them to go away. There are other spooks and noises that the game will throw at you to put you on edge.And that's it for content. I wish there was more.The things i did like about the game are:1. When you do get a site that works, the content on that site is intriguing and interesting. I like the recreation of famous Deep Web sites like CottonRoad. (even though it's only a single page and you can't browse through it)2. The game does a decent job with creating atmosphere from the low humming base and creaks of the floor boards and tapping on walls. It really puts you in the atmosphere of being home alone and searching through creepy content on the Deep Web with that feeling of someone watching you.TLDR: Perform the same mundane minigames until you find all 8 codes to get to the Red Room while hiding from Russian kidnappers."
76561198303154178,Recommended,485380,28039734,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[RX] BloodShot,This game is worth a substantial higher amount than it's current sale price. This is honestly one of the best games i have ever played. 10/10
76561198294506525,Not Recommended,485380,23672919,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Rpkanhai1953,I try my best to love this game but i can't love a game that i can't play each time i start it up it just freezes in the information thing about the Red Room. I don't know why i can't play it and each time i step stepout of the game and then backm min it freezes again.
,Not Recommended,485380,26235969,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Dewey,Needs heavy optimization.
,Recommended,485380,27733913,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,slumpi ラビット,n1
,Recommended,485380,23590148,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,「Deli」,"All of my""private""time over these years of hiding from my parents finally paid off!"
76561198129357109,Not Recommended,485380,26762856,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,QUACK QUACK MOTHERFUCKER 🐣,the killer never showed up
76561198159284524,Not Recommended,485380,24325507,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,GGaming500,I cannot past the laoding screen. The skull will suddenly stop blinking and it would just start lagging
76561198055623955,Not Recommended,485380,24900079,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,BurnAllPs3z,"Umm... where to start this ?what the ♥♥♥♥ have i been doing with my 17 minutes of playthrough:10 minutes of ""tutorial"" on how to work a computer.. ""facepalm""2 minutes on how to ""solve"" hack attacks5 minutes of what the ♥♥♥♥ is this♥♥♥♥♥♥i got this game for 1-2 dollars, it was presented as a ""scary"" type of game..the only thing scary would be to waste another minute playing this game!"
76561198058549230,Not Recommended,485380,33888595,Posted: 29 July,all,Matu,"Rather dull and just an uninspired concept in my opinion.  The game is literally browsing and clicking around on random ""webpages."" Sure, there's a bit more to it than that, but I couldn't find myself getting into the game.  Maybe bigger fans of horror games would like the suspenseful elements, but to me this one is a big nope. Just not fun."
76561198088979908,Not Recommended,485380,34313272,Posted: 17 August,all,Sugarfruit33,"This game is highly overrated. Most of the time you're just scrolling through boring websites looking for a code. It's so tedious. The only thing semi scary are the anticlimactic jumpscares. I highly don't recommend this game, unless you want a game to feel like a job."
,Not Recommended,485380,29106062,Posted: 7 January,all,Halli,The game won't even load up for me.
,Not Recommended,485380,27200150,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,VibrantRemix,"No, because you tell me to get up and look at the door BUT I DONT KNOW HOW TO DO THAT! AND THERES NO ♥♥♥♥ING CONTROL OPTION"
,Not Recommended,485380,27447796,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Why,would be nice if game would work with linux
76561198314346252,Not Recommended,485380,24960202,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,strangerbesideme,Played 10 minutes before i got bored when i was about to actual get somewhere some russian♥♥♥♥♥♥is in my bloody living room.10/10 would get kidnapped again.
,Not Recommended,485380,25505533,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Poptart,"Broken link simulator 2016.Really cool concept, just poorly executed. Extremely tedious. Seems like every time you actually make progress, you get kidnapped out of the blue and have to start over. Way too much wasted time for it to actually be considered fun."
,Not Recommended,485380,24118768,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Twisternick,"Absolute garbage. You get ""hacked"" about once every ten seconds, forcing you to play some lame minigame, and 90% of the pages only work at certain times of the in game day. Not even worth $2."
76561198295359568,Recommended,485380,23593736,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,LOLYOU1337,"The idea of a deep web horror game intrigued me to say the least seeing gameplay and everything just made my hyped for the game and as soon as I saw it available for purchase on steam, I immediately snagged it as I really love this kind of thing. Though I have had a problem... the game will not stop freezing up on me, I've tried contacting the developers without any reply yet, if anyone is having the same problem and/or fixed it please let me know.P.S. I have a pretty good PC so specs are not an issue."
,Recommended,485380,23864843,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,uglyｍｅｒｌｉｎ,this game is freaking boring but funny. ( ͡~ ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Not Recommended,485380,28347758,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Grypho,"The computer screen is almost entirely black most of the time, and the developer does not put much effort to fix it, making the game almost completely unplayable."
,Not Recommended,485380,23593229,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,WilburSprinkle,Kind of a boring game. Too many hack attacks for you to get into the websites. Didn't enjoy it.
76561197981588360,Not Recommended,485380,23621658,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,40GallonTophat,"I don't know how anyone could have given this game a thumbs up.  It's boring.  Every other link is dead.  Every click causes a 5 second wait for the ""page to load"" even when clicking back.  You can't go down the rabbit hole of the deep web as every page has a few links but every link is dead.  So you either waste 3 minutes per page clicking every link to find out they're all dead, or you do it a few times and just assume they're all dead.  Other sites are only open during certain hours, but you can't open multiple tabs, so good luck trying to remember which ones.  Also, people will try to kidnap you, so you have to get up, run across the room and turn the lights off because kidnappers are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ or something.Ps&Cs:+ Very pretty+ Neat idea- Basically just a clever twist on 5NAF- Everything else...ok, for reals...- Tedious gameplay- Sites are boring- 90% of the game is waiting for pages to load...to nothing 75% of the timetl;dr: F this game right in the ear."
76561198057833188,Not Recommended,485380,23623173,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Nick Chronic,its a shame i liked the idea of the game but You have to a pro at typing so don`t buy if you can`t type like a pro
,Not Recommended,485380,31306465,Posted: 22 April,all,badwrigley,"Had potential to be an interesting and engaging game if it were actually about finding the website instead of vapid and annoying time management more akin to Diner Dash than something like Her Story. This might be confusing if you haven't played it but you can't get a couple minutes into looking for the red room without having to pause your search for FNAF-esque chores in an effort to delay jump scares. Speaking of, this game is basically FNAF except you're trying to solve a puzzle WHILE keeping the ♥♥♥♥ers out, two elements that mesh about as well as queso and regurgitated queso.tl;dr I'm gonna have more fun on the actual deep web trying to put a hit on this developer."
,Not Recommended,485380,23627158,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Dat Horse,At first i though this would be a great game... but no... The hack attacks happen way to often and are way too hard typing all the text out. You cant turn around fully to turn the light off without making your character seem like he is having a seizure if your lucky that is. Dead url pages happen to often and there is no ditermined time when they will be back up. if this game had some updates to fix theses problems i might play again but i highly recomend you dont play this game unless you like being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and having a stroke.
,Recommended,485380,23614701,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,AlexMoc,You can turn your head at 360 degrees10/10
,Not Recommended,485380,23664460,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,A_Literal_Train,Pretty fun for about an hour. Then it actually is just Dead Link Simulator 2016.
76561198255211319,Not Recommended,485380,24276919,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Qu3st...,"even though this game is very cheap, its not worht the money, you literally do nothing in the game and could have put more effort in the game and making the ""clickable"" page accessible. If you dont get hacked, the game gets even more boring.This game suck, could have spent your time making a better game."
76561198213357511,Recommended,485380,23616280,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,FaZe D4N13L,One of the funnest games ive played but has lots dead links...
76561198044866601,Not Recommended,485380,24524976,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Huge Pickle,"It works super badly on my Macbook Air, with the mouse disappearing when I pause and stuff and I can't even get past the loading screen on my PC. I think this game would be great if only I was able to actually play it."
,Not Recommended,485380,25786493,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Blackhawks,Should not be considered Horror.
,Not Recommended,485380,24108999,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,NathMLG,I CAN'T EVEN PLAY IT ! ♥♥♥♥ IT ! ♥♥♥♥ STEAM !http://i.imgur.com/BPmIzs3.png
,Not Recommended,485380,25657912,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Bitcoin Kay,"I couldn't even play this damn game, because when I got into the loading screen, it froze and I was unable to play the game. Even when I tried to read up on the game, and I asked my friends, no one had an answer that helped me. Turning off the mic option? Nope. Changing the resolution and screen size? Nada. I would've probably liked this game, but I guess we'll never know.Oh, and looking up advice? With a title like ""Welcome to theGame,""I found no results for what I wanted. Good luck trying to play this god forsaken game."
,Not Recommended,485380,27681224,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Clueless,"I really wish that I could refund this, its been 5 months already since i bought the game. so anyone can help me how to refund this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game on steam?"
,Not Recommended,485380,25481826,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,NinjaKlutzZ,"My playtime may show 11 minutes, but I haven't gotten to do anything past the tutorial. Everytime I try to load one of the in-game webpages, the right hand side of every page is cut off, making it impossible to play. I've tried messing with my resolution settings, and it just made it worse. This is a huge shame, because for $2, this seemed like a pretty fun little game. Read the community posts before you buy, a lot of people have major problems with bugs. I put that I do not recommend this game, but that's only if they don't start fixing some of the issues that pop up."
,Not Recommended,485380,24262446,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,PrizimDevil,Not Good.
76561198062085771,Not Recommended,485380,33740082,Posted: 23 July,all,matt19852085,This game is not for me.
76561198354122014,Not Recommended,485380,29097680,Posted: 7 January,all,liamantonykelly,DOES NOT WORK COMPUTER SCREEN ON THE GAME STAYS BLACK SO CANT DO ANYTHING
,Recommended,485380,32426326,Posted: 14 June,all,Hasimy,"I love this game, it has that ""open da creepy deepweb"" feeling ya know? It's just real good!I feel instead of I open the ""REAL"" Deep Web, I can just open this game instead.9/10!(Also don't play this alone, or at night, the jumpscare, and the feeling, it's just really creepy)"
76561198262701187,Not Recommended,485380,24384017,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,-G-,"sorry but i didnt like this game at all...VERY BORING...click links ...stupid easy arrow game ...click stuff again and again ...type text ""game"" i dont call that a game...run for the light...repeat...russian guy... you deadand then you make it and it was all worth it ... NOT."
76561198310463958,Not Recommended,485380,26552314,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dr. Dickst PhD,I would love to know if the game was fun but everytime I open the game it crashes. No matter what I do it's fine at the title screen but when I hit new game it crashes. If you ask me it's not worth 1.99. I'm asking for a refund for sure.
76561198271613451,Recommended,485380,23597137,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Ace Visconti,the game will not load the game needs a little minor updates
,Recommended,485380,23605252,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Recrees,"In Welcome to the Game, our noname hero is a renowned literary editor, and he's so passionate about his career that he doesn't have much time for anything else. Despite his earnestness, he has to deal with the jealousy of his less-successful colleagues on a daily basis. It all becomes too much for him, so he quits and goes back because hes useless man, where he hopes to continue his career in a friendlier environment. Unfortunately, instead of being placed in the literature department, he ends up in the a scary room in a scary apartment.As if things couldn't get any more complicated in his life, his new friend and editor-in-chief, no-named kidnapper, is annoying, bossy and works on incredibly tight deadlines. But that's not all: to our hero's surprise, he realizes that his new friend is actually his high school love! Our hero's new workplace is a lot more complicated than he bargained for.-Food review-Theres alot of meat on this sandwich, i cant contain it on my hand im trying to balance it on my hand with the tomato and salad."
76561198118132642,Recommended,485380,23589477,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,zombieplayer123,super super supeer super super super super super super hard but fun
76561198114658049,Not Recommended,485380,24135203,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,AtiTstiC 35,"i went in the game, i clicked 1000 times on a link unaible to connect. that was my whole exprecience."
76561198352131506,Not Recommended,485380,28479287,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,kittensrocks2005,"Hecc.First I spend 4 dollars, excited and happy to play this game.Only to find out it's always lagging out on me and never getting into the actual game.Now when I tried to move it onto my background-place it stopped working all together and now it won't let me pay.Rest in peace 4 good dollars."
,Not Recommended,485380,34116633,Posted: 8 August,all,Trevor,"Although welcome to the game may seem like a pretty good game but really in my opinion its not.The game is really boring and not really fun. Thus,Its really not fun how you guys can probably think it is but really its not. at first i thought it has so much to offer but really it does not. So if you want to get this game then go ahead im not gonna care or judge you."
,Recommended,485380,23725479,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,IMJUSTABOT,1. Gay came into house and♥♥♥♥♥♥u2. hearthbeat very fast after gay came into house and♥♥♥♥♥♥u3. hack blocked ggez
76561198113293049,Recommended,485380,23578013,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,감자Christian The Potato감자,Awesome! But also really hard.
76561198034953193,Not Recommended,485380,24637256,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,bit,sucks
,Not Recommended,485380,23668417,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,memer yes,"I think this game might have legitimately given me aids. Only realistic thing about it is the ""Unable to connect"" message, which are the sad remainder of most tornet sites these days. Still cannot figure out how including studio.cpp into whatever the ♥♥♥♥ that was could stop someone from elitehakering me, or how someone who's making a onion-based web browser can care so little about security I can apparantly get ddosed, there's multiple apparantly very known exploits in the browser that allows people to, from my understanding remove two lines of code at a time, and compile it, requiring me to rewrite in and recompile it on a now broken computer.I legit want to not live in the same world as whoever made this ♥♥♥♥ing game anymore. Thank you developers."
,Not Recommended,485380,25550014,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,karcist,"You get to spend hours clicking on links that lead to a error 404 page. Then your ears get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥every 5 minutes.For a better experience, just download TOR and click on all the dead links you want. Spend the $2 on low quality vodka to forget the fact that Let's Players actually LIKE games as awful as this."
76561198170081367,Not Recommended,485380,23601371,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Newbs,Its boring to hard
76561198196818770,Not Recommended,485380,24504759,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Deluxe,"A russian guy jump scared me. Deleted the game, refunded to scary for me!"
76561198271389740,Not Recommended,485380,23775897,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,jaybricker52,what the hell it doesnt even work
76561198195034365,Not Recommended,485380,25114827,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ZerØ ツ,It's not fun at all!You ask me why?--Meh i don't know why it's just boring.
,Recommended,485380,23588449,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Jdodd50158,A game that finally got me with a jump scare!!!!
76561198078139575,Recommended,485380,23589381,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Scentefy,"Although some clicking into alot of none working pages in the start also getting hacked is kinda unfun, still got jump scared so thumbs up ~"
,Not Recommended,485380,33678276,Posted: 20 July,all,purple fucking sucks,too spooky 4 me mate dont get itt... or ull die
,Not Recommended,485380,27821538,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Rufwatt,This is quite a difficult and lengthy game which required great patience to complete which unfortunately is a virtue i do not possess! It is fun if you enjoy puzzle type games yet very little happens until later in the game when the tensity rises.
76561198058336522,Not Recommended,485380,26119541,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Comrade Hanson,DOES NOT WORK. CRASHES EVERY TIME THE GAME STARTS
,Recommended,485380,23589932,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Menicraft6,This game is ♥♥♥♥in awsome...Just like all of us expected
,Not Recommended,485380,32638615,Posted: 22 June,all,cdarklock,"Welcome to ""fight the terrible UI."" First, use this terrible fake browser on your fake computer to visit a series of fake websites we tried to make really disturbing. Most of them are offline unless you visit at exactly the right time. You're looking for a hidden code, which you must type into your fake notepad because there's no copy/paste here.Look out! You will be randomly interrupted by a terrible puzzle! Not a difficult one, just one with a terrible interface. Because, you know, that's what this game is all about. The worst one - I mean, best one - is the one where you have to copy several lines of code exactly! Isn't that great?!And then on top of this, there are kidnappers and a serial killer on the loose, so sometimes you'll need to get off the fake computer and use another terrible interface to turn out the fake lights and hold the fake door shut.This game is probably fun if you have a bunch of friends over and you are all on drugs, really drunk, severely brain damaged, or just never made it past third grade."
,Recommended,485380,31105245,Posted: 12 April,all,Senseless Streaming,"One of the most tense games I've ever played, fell out of my chair at one point.If you'd like to get the gist of this game, feel free to watch my highlights vid!https://youtu.be/3L7fiqVQK2o"
,Not Recommended,485380,33037494,Posted: 30 June,all,Kosmo,Unable to Connect
,Recommended,485380,28805888,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Frannie,i farted
,Recommended,485380,23590492,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Long dong johnson,cool game ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198343032786,Not Recommended,485380,32804898,Posted: 26 June,all,elizabethmrsummers,Impossible. I played this game for several hours and no matter what you do you get killed. The breather calls you a couple times and then you just die with no warning. There's no way to stop the serial killer and there's no way to beat the game. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GARBAGE.
76561198025027131,Not Recommended,485380,34543427,Posted: 27 August,all,MJLLQ,"So I'll say it right up front, I think about games way too much. If something's done lazily, I'm probably not gonna let that slide. And man, a lot of this game is lazy... Not sure why this is so positively reviewed. First off, I don't care about my character; they're an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ looking for a Red Room to watch people get gutted and snuffed. So right off the bat I don't care if they get killed or kidnapped because... Why would I? They're the bad guy. The whole point of their search is to find murder. Well either way, whether they find it online or in their house, they get what they want. In fact, all the better it happens to them instead of some nameless innocent online. Then there's the mechanics of the game. I suppose it's too much to ask that any of the hacking or software be any more realistic than Hackers was in the 90's, but could I maybe get a lock on the door? A simple turn key? A dead bolt? A chair to prop against it? Something? Why am I Five Night's at Freddy-ing my way to the door every five seconds when any reguler shady♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥would probably have their house already locked up tight to begin with. And then the killer.... Oy. Honestly, this game is trying to do too much and not doing any of it well. So many other horror games have done so much more with so much less. If you're looking for a cheap scare, try letting your internet bill go unpaid for a few months rather than waste your time on this. It'd be far more intense than palying this ""I Haven't Bathed, Gone Outside, OR Done Anything Other Than Sit At My Computer For A Month"" Simulator."
,Not Recommended,485380,23656115,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Albatraous,Poorly designed tutorial. Unclear interface. Rude developer.
,Recommended,485380,23591367,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,pizzaglitches,"Okay, I've never done one of these reviews before but I'm doing one now.10:00: Okay, this is nothing new.10:01: How the hell do I start? Where do I get the keys??10:02: Whoa theres some ****ed up **** here...10:03: HOW THE **** AM I MEANT TO DO THIS I HAVE NO IDEA10:05: *goes to a cultist site* okay ? cool10:06: *hears voices from PC* NO NON ON ON ONO NO N ON O NO N ON O NOPEEEEI decided to end the review here. Deleted and will never touch again"
,Recommended,485380,23639019,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,DankMemeGenerator69,"┻┳|┳┻| _┻┳| •.• ) -Daddy, are all the DOS's and Kernals gone?┳┻|⊂ﾉ_/﹋\_(҂`_´) -'NOOO THEY AREN'T DEAD YET! AAAAAAGH!<,︻╦╤─ ҉ - - - -_/\_"
,Not Recommended,485380,28436495,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,jackattack042,straight garbage
,Not Recommended,485380,24171524,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Toxicdublin,Boring
76561198330256989,Not Recommended,485380,29182908,Posted: 11 January,all,ProtecthX,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,485380,23589763,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Null Error,I lost the game
,Not Recommended,485380,23610514,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Dishwasher,I click on the web links one bye one but none of them work. The haker is just annoying. Good concept but not for me.
,Not Recommended,485380,23604049,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,NotoriousPyro - PyroNexus.com,Pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥to be completely honest.
,Not Recommended,485380,33814204,Posted: 26 July,all,Gotcha !,Stephen Hawking runs better than this game.
,Not Recommended,485380,23639338,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,dingschlong fangbanger,"0/10 can't type that fast yo, was looking forward to the game but I couldn't get past the tutorial."
76561197970848559,Not Recommended,485380,23732763,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,[NSA]Carnage,The hacking minigame of typing is to hard. I love the atmosphere of the game and the lore of the deep web pages but the kernal minigame is to hard for me so I can't reccomend the game unless you're an expert typer
76561198095974128,Not Recommended,485380,23713658,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,zack314,Do I actually want to win? (The reward is a video of a guy being tortured).Maybe not.
76561198258144135,Not Recommended,485380,25966755,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,moniX*  csgoroll.com,"Its so boring,and scary"
76561198062265037,Not Recommended,485380,35012180,Posted: 16 September,all,AlterEgo45,"Started the tutorial.Got to the section where I'm told how to defeat hackers.One of the ways to prevent yourself from being hacked is a typing test. No, really. Just like what they give you when you apply for an office job at a temp agency. You literally have to type what's on the screen in front of you before time runs out.One look at that and I closed the game. I can't see myself ever opening it again. Sorry, but I can't picture any possible in-game situation where doing that would be fun.I've never been so completely turned off by one mechanic in all the games I've played, and I've played thousands of them. That's seriously the best option that the dev could think of?"
,Not Recommended,485380,23637698,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Rav,Porn sites didn't work.
,Not Recommended,485380,29155552,Posted: 9 January,all,SPKx,"Even though it's only a simulation, it does make you feel icky playing a game about the darkest corners of the internet.Also, the game seems very trial and error, where the majority of the ""sites"" I clicked being inaccessible. Also, minigames that require your to type complicated hacker commands are no fun.This game is not worth the effort."
,Not Recommended,485380,23700385,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,NGHỈ GAME BỎ NICK,Game lồn!!! Nhạt toẹt!! Chơi như con cặc!! Đừng bỏ tiền mua nó
,Not Recommended,485380,24401417,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Nil8tor,"DO NOT BUY. The only person hacked is you! THIS IS A SCAMI want my $2.00!There are no codes ever found and all URL's in the game remain dead even after waiting the so-called ""2 hours"". It's a good representation of how to rip off people with software and that's about it. Yes, you get hacked in the game and in real life."
76561198065440874,Recommended,485380,23577415,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Kira III,Its good.
,Not Recommended,485380,31795759,Posted: 16 May,all,THICC BUTT,ooo spooki edgy deepweb
76561198069117376,Not Recommended,485380,23590039,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Matt Sicness,"im just going to say if you like to type a lot and get scared in the process then this game is for you. i hate this game because i suck at typing out sh!t. its fun but i cant recommend it,  check out the vid to see me suck at the gamehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=704512911"
,Not Recommended,485380,23700442,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Negative,very boring yung penut dont like this gay waste of♥♥♥♥♥♥;)
,Not Recommended,485380,23636517,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Ridjex,"this game is the worst i've ever played, you have no talent as a games designer"
76561198046660646,Not Recommended,485380,23589198,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,NEONA,Slow internet browsing simulator 2016.It seems like everything in this game was made specifically to annoy the player. What the ♥♥♥♥ where they thinking????This game is simply not fun. Its not even mildly amusing.  Requested a refund.
76561198037965875,Not Recommended,485380,31070348,Posted: 10 April,all,3werd3,thi sis gr8t game i got sp00ke
76561198136934427,Not Recommended,485380,31216721,Posted: 18 April,all,spier_20,"The graphic and gameplay even the story are nice.But it has many pages as anti christian and some for satan!As an Orthodox Christian I was so offended even they are using a real offended picture against christianity,Christ is risen. God bless you and the game team."
76561198051040413,Not Recommended,485380,30821089,Posted: 29 March,all,MatBigrey,.... no. just no
76561198102224759,Recommended,485380,30422730,Posted: 10 March,all,SubnoticLynx,The game is amazing- other from the fact that ALT F4 is my main button to press but still its a really good horror game- im not brave enough to play days of this game- very challangingLOVED IT 2$ Buying it
76561198294456501,Not Recommended,485380,30423964,Posted: 10 March,all,vlad76,"Interesting premise for a game, but it loses its appeal fairly quickly. Also, the constant interruptions and the fact that many websites can only be viewed at certain times, make the gameplay rather tedious, Oh, and having to actually type those lines??? I don't think so.I didn't get very far, as I started to get bored with this, but from what I've read from others, it isn't even worth putting the time into beating this game anyway."
,Recommended,485380,30186835,Posted: 25 February,all,Lucky,best game ;)
76561198157666801,Recommended,485380,30475409,Posted: 12 March,all,Vodka_Bear28,I always wanted to have a Deep Web Horror Game !!! :D Thanks for making my dream come true :)
,Recommended,485380,30723261,Posted: 25 March,all,McVikingDj,One of the most scary games I've ever played!
,Recommended,485380,30725280,Posted: 25 March,all,Bubblebuddy,"This game is crazy. I was bored, and decided to start playing it at midnight. Needless to say, I♥♥♥♥♥♥myself, and now I cant sleep."
76561198139544437,Recommended,485380,25599256,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,KillersCandy,"A truly great game, built around a simple but interesting concept.This game, taps into a wealth of internet folklore, in order to really bring the chills. It is deeply immersive and atmospheric; every sound you hear in this game, means something. The first time you hear a sound, you'll ignore it... the second time, you will dive for the light switch, and huddle in the dark, holding your breath... praying the sounds don't get any louder. Play at night, with sound reducing earphones on, for best effect."
,Recommended,485380,25562416,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,cordura,Very good game!!!!!!
,Recommended,485380,25668184,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Seto Mulyadi,Bagus nih game. tapi sayangnya pas udah masuk red room pas bagian disiksa malah BUFFERING.
76561198074520551,Recommended,485380,25392034,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,D U N G U S,"Maybe it is just me, but this game seems to be virtually unplayable. The game boots up to a spoopy menu screen and since I run a computer that is slower than a potato, I immediately go to the options and turn everything down. So, settings are down, running in windowed mode, sweet time to play! NOPE. Game crashes every time I try and start a new game. So, of course I try and look for a solution! NOPE! Nothing. Mic setting off, running in windowed mode, verified game cache, nothing works. So again, because I am a stubborn, thick-headed ♥♥♥♥, I try again. SUCCESS! I get past the buggy loading screen. Fail! Game is laggy. So I go to the pause menu to hopefully turn the medium settings to low. NOPE! No options menu, nothing. So I try and unpause. NOPE! Cannot unpause. So I open task manger and stop the game. Everything mysteriously works. I dunno. Maybe it's just me. I'll come back and update this to see if my opinion changes, but, as of right now, I do not recommend.UPDATE: I can consistenly start the game. A little scared to play right now, as it's midnight and it's pitch black. New update later.9/15 Update: This will probably be the last update. As someone who paroozes the deep dark, spoopy Dark Web every now and then, this game honestly scares the crap out of me. The puzzles are pretty fun, the fact that the websites are only open at certain times of the day is awesome in my opinion, and the scares... oh the scares... don't get me started o-o I'm totally not a scared ♥♥♥♥♥ who hasn't touched the game since my first scare... I love it! Disregard my original review. I would absolutely, 100% recommened this to anyone who enjoys puzzles and great scares."
,Recommended,485380,25531578,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Kresinite,"This game is definitely worth the low price! Really fun, always keeps me on the edge of my seat, whether that be from being hacked or hearing footsteps behind me ;_;I recommend it to anyone into psychological horror."
76561198210901227,Recommended,485380,30869093,Posted: 31 March,all,calrond,"Even though it is a rather short expierience, it is one of the scariest games I've played in a while. The gameplay gives you that exact feeling of going on the deep web and knowing that someone might be tracking you. Also with the current update the killer really freaked me out. Definetly worth 2 dollars."
76561198257153331,Recommended,485380,25390577,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,gabefigueroa59,I must say that this game has a really creepy atmosphere to it thats really good. It ggives you anxiety as you have to listen really well to your surroundings and pay attention for the codes. Ive played for 2 hours straight and still have not finished the game yet becuase it is really tough. Great game though and really spooky.
,Recommended,485380,25459403,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,justdie905,"Absolutely original and unique,Recomended, personally though i wish i could just buy a gun and shoot the damn kidnapper ._."
,Recommended,485380,25445465,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Iajaygames,"i've been watching you ""jumps through window"" last night i think of you"
,Recommended,485380,30764656,Posted: 26 March,all,Zaster,"I thought this was a hacking simulator but I was so wrong. It's dark outside now so I have to wait until tomorrow to play this game again, but if you like having anxiety induced, this is a great choice for your $2."
,Recommended,485380,24484966,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,liamater,"The idea of real events occuring in a horror video game sends chills down my spine. Kidnapping is a real threat, a mechanical chuck-e-cheese ripoff is not. Good job Adam I will never sleep with my computer screen on ever again."
,Recommended,485380,24475134,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,LordSherfington,"This is a really good game. They're actively working out kinks, and there aren't many to begin with. It's a cool concept and pretty unique and original. It's very immersive. It's also a cool introduction for people curious about the deep web. It's obvisouly not the exact same, but the general concepts aren't far off. Have fun."
,Recommended,485380,24480043,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Trem,How To Survive1:Find A Code2:Hear Russians3:Alt+F4DoneBesides Jokes İts A Very Unique Game That Can Be Very Challenging and Scary
76561198165603610,Recommended,485380,24468717,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,TwistedIllusion,"Day 1:Looking at creepy♥♥♥♥♥sites on the Deep Web, scared as crap. I hear the chair move... I turned off my computer, and ran away from it.Trying it again, I got some backup, my three brothers. We got to day two, when we heard the gate open. Turned off the lights, scared as♥♥♥♥♥♥. The dude walked past the window.. We turned the lights back on, got back into the game.. I thought I accidently pressed the turn key, but it was the russian dude! We all ran out of the room screaming, went outside and played some pokemon go to cool down. Most terrifying game ever."
,Recommended,485380,24431716,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Liteguy,You guys know you could just go on the real deep web and keep your 2 bucks right ?
,Recommended,485380,24521364,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Codes,Much Kidnapper Very Spook.
76561198160284654,Recommended,485380,24449871,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,ZCHEVY1965,"Welcome to the game is great. Plenty to do and always something to have to think about. I suggest that if you are into horror and on-edge gaming, that you purchase this game."
76561198215941956,Recommended,485380,24520935,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Kilgore,"A fun game with a lot of time put in itI love this game, it feels great when playing and runs well on bad pc's"
,Recommended,485380,24553241,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,An Owl,"-Started the game up with my friend-Started playing-Didn't even get the first code in the first few min-Heard footsteps-i was like ''That might be my mom, Ah shouldn't worry''-Looked around and saw nothing-clicked back in the computer-1 second after i clicked back in my computer a kidnapper came-10/10 would click back in my computer again"
,Recommended,485380,24544582,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Mr.Wxlf,-Hears footsteps outside my window-nope nope nope-quits game-enters again-enters a website with creepy music-i am like: Ok ammm.... quits the website-hears a chair move-turns off lights-cries like a ♥♥♥♥♥ :D-turns on the lights-hears a random knock or a window open-♥♥♥♥ thisQuits game never gonna play it ever again(until tommorow ;3)
,Recommended,485380,24293430,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,CataBee,"Although NOT designed to be realistic is gives a good idea of how it is like on the deep web. although i have never heard of the red room or know what really goes on this is a good interpritation for a little bit of fun, entertainment and listening. (not to be mixed up with the mistakes of fnaf 4), i give it a 3/5 starts, each star standing for the difference features. price, graphics and plot. it lacks in mechanics and realism but it's worth the value for the quanity of entertainment it presents."
,Recommended,485380,24270849,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Frost_Bite61,- Starts the game up- listens to Adam for ages as he expalins what the game is about- tried buying a ak47 to protect myself- clicked the next link before being scared shi****- look back at my screen to see i was hacked- found some creepy doll site- heard a loud noise- noticed the chairs had been moved- F*** that- Turns pc off- 10/10 would play again
76561198125029925,Recommended,485380,24276153,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,<\[Bar_Code]/>,Simple game. Not much to say. Good horror. Good idea.Pros:- Simple and easy to understand- Great conceptCons:- Graphics7.9/10
76561198089188098,Recommended,485380,23718452,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,cricketscorner,"Great atmosphere - felt full of dread every time I played. Interesting concept, being that it's essentially a computer simulator (sounds boring - absolutely not the case!) Pretty difficult, and great replay value for $2."
76561198094465189,Recommended,485380,23763664,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Lemke,Absolutly love this game. One issue I ran into however was the game not supporting 2560x1080 monitor (which is an Ultra-Wide). It would be appreciated by many I'm sure if this is fixed.
,Not Recommended,485380,23607712,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Sir Brodacious,"Going to be quick. This game changed, and I no longer enjoy it. The developer, Adam, for one thing is a bit of an♥♥♥♥♥ You see here is what he did: he removed the location tracker from the game as a sort of secret change in the latest patch. You see, what this did was it gave people, like me, a way of visually seeing when the kidnapper is tracking you. This was the only way I could play the game. Now Adam secretly removed it, forcing you to listen to the minute sounds that play in the background, sounds so quiet I had to boost the audio post recording to even hear it, just to avoid a kidnapper that already doesn't make sense as a gameplay mechanic. I'm sorry, I changed my review to a possitive one when I learned of the tracker, but now that it's gone, I cannot recommend it. If the dev changes it back, I'll also change back my review, but till then, don't buy it, it's just agravating."
,Recommended,485380,23738178,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Decay,"I can't stand horror games! And this one is no exception, but that doesnt change the fact that this game is f*cking awesome!This might not be for everyone, but i certainly enjoyed it :D"
76561198072813807,Recommended,485380,23739454,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,[COG] Pvt. Conner Callahan,I opened up the tutorial. I got a Kernel Complier attack when the tutorial was teaching me about the DOS attack.10/10 would get hacked by i hack i don't know of again
,Recommended,485380,23741008,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,FRIED_GREEDO,This game is really awesome!!!!
,Recommended,485380,23733749,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Pipola,"This is a fun game, it is basically a deep web simulation game. In this game, you search for eight codes to access a red room. That may sound simple, but you have to do alot to find these. There are puzzles and questions on these websites, some sites are only up for a short ammount of time. There are also hackers.Overall, it is a fun game, but I feel that it could offer more content."
,Recommended,485380,23735263,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Overt Agent,"nope. nope. nopenopenopenopenopenopenopenopenopenopenopenopenopenopenopenopenopenope.Played with the lights off and headphones, now living permanently with the lights on and doors & windows locked. Someone knocked at the door to my apartment so I turned all the lights off and sat in the darkness for a few hours. 10/10 send help"
76561198008115699,Recommended,485380,23735411,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,pennygail,"I loved how acurate this game is compared to using the real deepweb, I loved how scary yet compelling the gameplay is, I loved the mystery, I love the graphics, and I just flat out love this game overall! It is one of the best games out on the steam marketplace and more than gives FNAF a run for it's money!"
76561198196897945,Recommended,485380,23690849,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Antonis G Wolf,"This game is amazing!The only thing that needs to be improved is the kidnapper because he is glichy.One time i had turned all the lights off he came across my window i waited for the footsteps to stop,then i turned the lights back on and he was standing behind me!"
,Recommended,485380,23691609,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Niki | TheCrassDude,Turn the lights off Simulator 2016.10/10
76561198118121623,Recommended,485380,23813274,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,CaptainGiratinaBooce,Reminds me of FNAF 4It's the crying child 30 years later after he recovered
,Recommended,485380,23778855,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Potatoies,really good game but I reccomend 5 or 6 GBs of ram
76561198047657728,Recommended,485380,23592152,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Dehumanate,"Full of cool and creepy stuff - and I like the whole ""hidden message"" aspect of the game. Very interesting premise, and the challenges keep you on your toes! Makes you feel like you're doing something really, really naughty, which really complements the kind of stuff you're going to read ""online"" in this game.I still think this game needs a difficulty slider, but overally it's now a much smoother experience rather than a hackathon."
,Recommended,485380,23800517,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Lahna_Adkit,The epitome of paranoia.
76561198188689594,Recommended,485380,23843734,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SgtCorn,It's really ♥♥♥♥ing good.  I give a mad thanks to the dev for this awesome Idea. The anticipation of knowing you could be kidnapped at any moment is what really is terrifying. Especially when you hear the little things going on around the house such as foot steps and the window opening.  This game will always keep you on the edge of your seat!
,Recommended,485380,23850281,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,dan081998,"while i like the game from whta ive seen on youtube, i just wanted to say for me its broken. the computer screen is black and i cant answer the call to start the game. so yeah..."
,Recommended,485380,23939840,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Whole Grain Wheaties,"Honestly it could just be me but whenever I try to start up the game, it freezes on the definition of Red Room. I can hear the phone ringing in the backround but I cant do anything. Im still going to reccommend it because Ive watched others play it and its a great game but Id like to actually play it."
76561198136142428,Recommended,485380,23952748,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,3. na SANKU na apokalipse,"I played so much horor games but this game is the best horor i ever played.Every single tíme when i must block the hack i get scared.This game have brilliant content , i really enjoy browsing deep web. Jumpscares are amazing, i will enjoy playing this game in midnight"
,Recommended,485380,23809879,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Rubber Duckaroo,Started playing and I broke out in a cold sweat when I heart the urban legend.  Then I encountered a confession and I exit the game.  Rip
76561198325366718,Recommended,485380,25123598,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Francesco24,i cant play this game at all either i wasted my money or its just me
,Recommended,485380,25221566,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Lonk,Very Spoopy Game
,Recommended,485380,25719973,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,716green,"Awesome game. I know a bit of C# and it seems like the code may actually be some form of C (C++ maybe) or just 95% made up.Either way, I have browsed the deep web and watched videos. The game is clearly made by someone who has spent a great deal of time on the deep web. Granted the basis of the game is based on a lot of myths and urban legends, it is still pretty cool.It absolutely scared the living **** out of me about an hour in, with minor jump scares throughout. I was about 1/4 through with solving the puzzle and making it to the elusive 'Red Room'.The object of typing the code in the alloted tim to avoid being hacked is really fun. I like trying to type code super fast. It gives me breif feelings like I'm a proficient programmer.I did feel a bit cheated with the arrow puzzles barely giving you enough time and deeming me ""HACKED"" when I feel like I got it. Also the fake in-game load times could be shortened, I mean, they are pretty realistic- maybe even faster than an onion network but when you're clicking through hundereds of sites the 3 second waits reallly add up.There is a lot of nonsense in the game overall but it's really well made and a lot of fun. It's also super cheap. I highly reccomend. I could justify using all of these tags on this game:Simulation, Puzzle, (Atmospheric) Horror, Programming, Time Waster, Funny and Disturbing. Pretty good combination and well done at that.I will be playing this again really soon and I WILL solve the puzzle."
,Not Recommended,485380,25732197,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Wolfluv3,"I really suggest some fixing for this because I bought the game and ive seen many good reviews and I get to trying it for the first time today and it gets really rediculous for a person with high patience. I waited for an hour for the game to come up and when the hour hit, I just clicked like crazy to get out of the game. And ive seen some fun gameplay of this game and willing to give it a try.. I also done the technique with the mic being off and also my own little things to help my gameplay and nothing worked. Its a great game it seems, but I cant properly make a review for a game I only get to the menu screen on. And if this does get fixed and it gets better on it then I will make a positive suggestion for the game, till then.. Its a no."
,Recommended,485380,25858496,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,travlock,"repetative mini games, ending is average. jumps scares can catch you off gaurd. the games fairly well made although and for 2 dollars its worth a try. recommended"
,Recommended,485380,24498020,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,I will be back 6th,"> Bought the game> Downloads and installs it> Opening it up> Crashed and reopening it> Declined Adam's call (idk how to play now XD)> Found a youtube video with the tutorial> Opens up the browser> After 5 minutes I found a code> Hears steps> Closed the game.Short: I played the game for the first time, and i ♥♥♥♥♥ed my whole body out of my♥♥♥♥♥when I heard the kidnapper. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10"
,Recommended,485380,25881034,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Resident_Me,Very dark and sinister puzzle solving game. Puzzles are challenging and the game definitely has a suspensful element that keeps me on edge while playing. :) Definitely recommend it for horror fans.
,Recommended,485380,27244052,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Reward hellcase.comFarmskins.com,"This game is straight up awesome. Nice representation of something not everyone knows, entertaining too, and a lot of possibilities in the future. Simple, deep, slightly arcade-ish, but still good."
,Recommended,485380,27080462,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mai Knee Co-Ho,SCARY!
,Recommended,485380,25855557,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,rez iz zdubid,"I Am In Love With This Game! Every Time A Hack Appears I Jump, Which Makes Me Love This Game Even More! It's So Scary To Actually Have To Be Quiet Or The Kidnapper Will Find You (That Is If You Have A Mic)! I Just LOVE IT!!!"
,Recommended,485380,27144467,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,🍎edin<B stuff with discount,"Its awesome, you should really try if you're into the deeper side of the internet, its fun, its creepy, its just the game to play when you want to get scared.. (insert lennyface here)"
,Recommended,485380,27124150,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fen'Harel: The Dread Wolf,"This game is one of the few games that I can't play alone but with friends...The amount of jump scares in this game is damn too high! Those link and sub links were interesting and scary too read, I wouldn't even be suprised if theyre on the read deep web.The breather though, he killed me (in a funny way) with his late night breathing booty calls. It's not so funny anymore when he shows up on your front door..."
76561198202783324,Recommended,485380,27410652,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,21st Century Guy,"If you thought the original version was hard or didn't provide much of a challange, prepare your butts for the update."
76561198061206446,Recommended,485380,27030838,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Enigmashun,Its worth a few scares and is bound to get you. Although it can get reppedetive and boring id recommend playing it with a friend watching. The websites can offer a very spooky atmosphere the idea is genius.
,Recommended,485380,26534644,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Zoro,"Really fun, simple, and scary. The 2.0 update has gotten me addicted even more than I was during the Original game itself! By far one of my favorite indie horror games. ;)"
76561198191730523,Recommended,485380,26708835,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Komny,good
76561198320514348,Recommended,485380,26705407,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,GrimV,This game is awesome it challenges you to beat something that looks easy enough from videos but its a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to win ill list some pros and consPROS__________________________ChallengingCreepy afSimple but good gameplayNot many bugsAlways have to stay awareTricks to prevent kidnappersPunishes people who are cockyRewards people who take their timeRewards people for investigating every crook and crannyAddictingThe price makes it a stealFun to challenge friends________________________________CONS________________________________Confusing sites that are sometimes unfair such as claffisA audio clip that is loud footsteps and there are no killers/KidnappersChairs move on their ownWindow opens on its own somehowSome hacks are just unfair sometimesBreather takes AGES to call_______________________________CONCLUSION__________________________________BUT WAIT THERES MORE BILLY MAZE its just 2 dollars its a steal i can CONFIDENTLY RECCOMEND this game to people who like tricky games and are on a budget i want you guys to know i have A LOT more hours in this on my friends pc i love LOVE LOVE this game
,Recommended,485380,23672830,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,GAFF,"I decided to check this game out after seeing a few clips on YouTube.Overall, it's a pretty fun game for the money. There are a few jump scares and the website content is pretty creepy. If you're into ""hacking"" games and stories about the deep web you'll certainly enjoy yourself. The first time you get kidnapped you will crap your pants.My biggest complaint was the frequency of getting hacked but it seems like like that has been resolved in the 1.0.2 update. I highly recommend using a notepad outside of the game to keep track of your answers as sometimes your in-game notes get deleted when you're hacked. Losing your progress is just annoying and doesn't add anything positive to the game IMHO.Overall, I'd give this game a 7.5 deep webs out of 10."
,Recommended,485380,23691759,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,RibaS_PT,I have like the recommended specs to this game and i have windows 10 but i can´t pass the loading screen when i click new game can someone help me?
,Recommended,485380,23699862,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,[☣Eazy-E☣],i HIGHLY RECOMMEND
76561198273288168,Recommended,485380,23701371,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Auschwitz™,Saw a website called doll maker.Clicked on it because i thought nothing could be bad about dollsTurns out its a surgeon who makes female slave dollsScarred forever
76561198068996277,Recommended,485380,23699340,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Snaber,I literally cant beat it... but its so addicting and so much fun fam. The price is a steal for this game and even at regular price this game is worth every penny. Highly Recommend to anyone that enjoys deep web stories or anything deep web related and just scary stuff.
,Recommended,485380,23711165,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Jay_Dubayu316,Good game! Kinda hard with the kidnapper though. I wasn't able to beat it but the experience was definitely a good one!Shoutout to Mutahar for playing this on SomeOrdinaryGamers!
,Recommended,485380,23711380,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,CSmaniac // cs-codes.com,great game+sound+gameplay+fear
,Recommended,485380,23692272,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,.Đubýýý ★ | Gamdom.com,"♥♥♥♥ this game, i almost died of heart attack hahahaha, he just showed up on my right i JUMPED i almost broke my headset ♥♥♥♥ing russian, hahaha rec this game 5 stars"
76561198269461321,Recommended,485380,23694326,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,GiseleStCroix,"Great game for the price, good for a few plays. The initial scare when I first got caught but the tension did not last for me as dragging and waiting for pages to load had me getting bored around day 10. Still, it's a fun game and I recommend to try it out for yourself."
76561198070821938,Recommended,485380,23695535,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Joey's World Tour,pretty spooky game
76561198085496836,Recommended,485380,23694513,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,TrueAnty,"Welcome To The Game is such a great game. With a wonderful tutorial, great atmosphere and tense moments I would recommend this to just about anyone who loves a good game."
76561198307990936,Recommended,485380,23690221,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,"Shadow ""Trojan"" Virus","this game is quite an intresting experence but it could really use a more noticeable indacation for when the intruder is near or inside the room, also another idea would be to include the option to fight off the intruder and either scare him off, or assault him til he leaves maybe? but overall its a good game."
76561198193630381,Recommended,485380,23690485,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Mr. Wind-Up Bird,"A new take on the horror game genre. One of a kind, fun, terrifying, and very intense at times. Would recommend to anyone that thinks they have balls of steel."
,Recommended,485380,23688663,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,ihateallweebs,"This game is actually pretty good!The game focuses on trying to find a red room, throughout trying to find it your computer gets hacked many times and you have to try to redirect the attacks. And throughtout all of that be careful for the kidnapper that trying to get into your house. And by the way.. be warned, if you get hacked and the kidnapper is inside of your house it gets really hard.."
,Recommended,485380,24114829,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,[Anon] Bugzy Malone <3,Pretty good game to be honest just liekk the web.. but the web is obv creepy den this
76561198184552687,Recommended,485380,24117528,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Lettuce Boy,I didn't get 1 key and♥♥♥♥♥♥myself at least 5 times. I rate 10/10 golden shower and Chocolate Rain simulator.
76561198306406271,Recommended,485380,24130289,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Maxterran,the game does not work
,Not Recommended,485380,24128377,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,zlifeforme,"It crashes every time I try to play it, even after downloading again and restarting my computer."
76561198025865932,Recommended,485380,24098276,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,machoman2700,This game is amazing! Its spooky as hell. It takes alot to scare me but this game pulls it off. My only complaint is that there is no tell for the kidnapper. More often than not he just shows up with no warning even if ive blocked all hack attempts up to that point. Please fix this as it would perfect otherwise!
76561198303545746,Recommended,485380,24100356,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Abitsmarter.com,"This game is really good. The only complaint is the fact the kiddnaper is very hard to detect. I love the scare and just the chills you get, while the enviorment feels right for the dark web true you have guns and drugs but you also have those dark sites that make the whole thing seem more real."
,Recommended,485380,23898690,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,deadbeat.png,I'm quite new to playing horror games... and to be honest this one is pretty awesome! It gives me genuine paranoia and anxiety that there might be someone sneaking around the house and the atmosphere is so thick!
,Recommended,485380,23864699,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Zero,so far I found only two problems with the game the first one is while watching a YouTuber play is that person wasn't patient enough click on the links and try to find the codes for the Red Room so if you're not a patient person this may not be a game for you. the second one is if you're not a fast typer like I am whenever there's a kernel attack you will be hacked every time so hopefully with the next update will make it  a lot easier for someone who can't type fast.
76561198287466493,Recommended,485380,24121348,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,I suck at this game... LOL,This game is sick as ♥♥♥♥ but you know if you get those codes fast as ♥♥♥♥ just watch yourself i got ♥♥♥♥ing 3 codes in only 2 days and he got me at like 11:35. But yeah this game is fun definetely recommend it.
,Recommended,485380,24123094,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Light,This game sends a chill down my spine that i can never recover from.10/10Best Experience
,Not Recommended,485380,24124481,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Genetically-Engineered,"While the mechanics and gameplay are alright and good in concept (except for the cheap jumpscares you get for losing the game), it fails in actually executing that idea in a well put together game.The main place this game fails is it's writing and the design of the web pages you browse. I tried to look past the ""le spooky deepweb O: DXX"" meme it perpetrates and just let my suspension of disbelief do it's thing, but the poor design of the websites just made it very hard to put yourself into the game. Most of the websites looked like they were designed in Microsoft Powerpoint or soemthing similar, and the writing in them ranged from simplistic to just awful. For example, (Spoilers, if you care) there's a website that had some sort of service made that made ""Human Dolls"" by doing some sort of surgical mumbo-jumbo. What was supposed to send chills up your spine just left me laughing from the poor writing and just how comically evil what they were describing was. At the same time I was reading this, some sort of stock twinkly music-box tune was playing in the backround, making the experience all the more ridiculous. I've read better creepy-pastas, most of which are more believeable than what was written on that page (End Spoilers).Ultimately, even though I wanted to like this game, I can't reccomend it to anyone other than maybe someone who is very easily spooked by the cheesiest of horror movies. That said, I still enjoyed the concept and mechanics, so I will be keeping up with the developer to see if the ever revamp to concept into something that is more polished. Or just wait and see if anyone else take the concept up and make something out of it."
,Recommended,485380,24124586,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Undead Munchies,I spent $1.99 to♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants. I am very good with horror games and find most to be boring. Hell Outlast only made me jump 3 times and I beat it. I never even screamed playing it. I screamed at this game though.
76561198050165228,Recommended,485380,24124866,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,K̸̪a̴̮n̴̪g̵̫e̷̮e̵̥,"Just got the game have played alittle over a hour of it, its quite creepy, and is very good about building a sence of paranoiaall in all I find it very enjoyable!"
,Not Recommended,485380,24120167,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Falconry Gal,Would love to play but still facing issues as far as loading for many users it seems. Will open up for me but crashes during the load sequence. Perhaps one day I'll be able to play...
76561198094145660,Recommended,485380,24120231,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,"Todd Howard ""It just works""","First time i got scared after a long time . Also , it was quite hard to turn off the light and that russian guy kidnapped me after 10 mins of playing"
76561198026413643,Recommended,485380,24161991,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,GloomyGhost,"Excellently made! Very creepy atmosphere and good at drawing you in since it feels like you're actually doing this on your computer as it goes into full screen mode when you're browsing the dark web.Lots of creepy stuff which if perfect but I agree with a lot of other reviews that I wish there were more ways to game over other than just getting kidnapped. And honestly I was more scared by the random footsteps in the house or looking over to realize that my window was open than when I actually did get kidnapped. On top of that, once you know the tricks it's not that creepy anymore - I'd say it's similar to a game like FNAF in that regard, where it stops being creepy and just becomes a task.The whole ""You have 30 days"" mechanic doesn't really make sense to me. It seems like those 30 days will be up in a couple of hours so why not have it instead be ""the Red Room is going to be live tonight only so you have until 3am (or whatever time) to find it."" And then have the clock run in real minutes.The wepages are incredibly creepy as well which works well to put you on edge. They straddle the line of reality and horror fiction making you want to say it's made up but also thinking that somewhere in the world this might actually be happening. Wish there were more of them and a bit more interactivity on the sites that you do find.TL;DR: Overall it's a really well made game but the pages you come across are often scarier than the actual game over. Would also love to have more content added in both web pages and ways to game over."
76561198091173968,Recommended,485380,24167178,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Leckie,Get's on computer.Looks at a website about crafting people into dolls.Gains new fetish.10/10 would browse virtual deepweb again.
76561198278537279,Recommended,485380,25833548,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,LobbyCat,"Holy cow this game is scary. Some people think, oh it's got no actual horror in it because you're scared of the jump scares. But that's not true. Jump scares are the reason I screamed most of the time, but that's not the point. This game puts me on edge. It takes a lot of patience and time to find the codes, and once you've found 1 you don't want to loose it. In order to win you have to be immersed. This is such a good game, I very very highly recommend this."
,Recommended,485380,24567387,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Onemario1234,*Gets phone call**Answers call and hears breathing**Nopes right out of game*11/10 3spoopy5me
76561198052827640,Recommended,485380,26691249,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Psycho_Ghost,This game will randomly scare the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you and catch you off guard.9/10
,Recommended,485380,26638848,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,SPR12314,"Great horror game, especially with the new update. The first time ""the breather"" called me, I jumped from my seat and fell over. After I got up, I lost about 4 days because I got hacked while recovering. One recomendation, allow to go out of the computer to do stuff without loosing the link you were typing."
76561198162819226,Recommended,485380,26638931,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,tomt04,"this game is cool, and scary at the same time."
,Recommended,485380,28510457,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,sonnier5++,"Acer Aspire E1-531 Windows 7 64 bit:  Too lagged. BTW Quality is really good. This is really good game, but for this PC, don't."
76561198083834800,Recommended,485380,28471184,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Konata-Sama,From the first call I got I was so damn paranoid I kept checking the door loads and the way the game looks out the door is creepy as hell I was always half expecting someone to be there.
,Recommended,485380,28005521,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Five_Twenty,"I always Find myself playing this Late at Night , at its most regrettable time...So Far as I can tell, It makes me want to go crazy, and Use the deep web, But i don't think either one happening will end well... Enjoyable with friends...Until somE CRAZY TERRFYOING DUDE DECIDES TO JUMP THROUGH YOUR WINDOW WITHOUT KNOCKING TO SELL YOU TO THE BLACK MARKET OR HAVE HIS WAY WIT YOU OR WHATEVER"
,Recommended,485380,28721198,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Seiko,Sacred the ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥out of meCaused me to throw my headphones across the room10/10 would order sisters from deep web again
,Recommended,485380,30434817,Posted: 10 March,all,a3ology,Can't tell if it's in my house or not... And who moved that chair?
,Recommended,485380,23595798,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Indie Memes.,"The Dev fixed any comlaint I might have had, so now I can't really say anything other than, meh. The gameplay is the best part of this game with the exploration of the websites and the few stories presented. The cobbling together of puzzles and keys is really engaging but since I've finally sunk enough time into the game to beat it I'm a little disappointed in the conclusion. I thought the build up would have led to a spooky climax with an even bigger puzzle towards the end that threw something new at you. I still have to recommend it though, It's cheap and you'll get your money's worth."
76561198182073473,Recommended,485380,23657318,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Officer GTA,"Very cool idea, while it has many bugs.I love the idea of this game, but it crashes a lot or doesnt respond.When I try to leave the computer it freezes every once and a while.When I start a new game it just straight up takes like 5 minutes.Many more to come. I have only played this game for 15 minutes with it crashing."
,Recommended,485380,23656338,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,AdamJenaine,"A game that enhightens your senses indeed. This game will make you crazy by just liistening to the sounds. The Deep web, However, is full of bugs. :( If the creator of the game could fix the bugs that I keep getting, that would be amaaazziinnngg!"
,Recommended,485380,23656363,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Pause,The only horror game that gets me scared of the light
76561198251896954,Recommended,485380,23672014,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,CloserEmperor16,I have to say I have only played 20 mins of this game but I find it deeply unsettling in a good way. It does exactly what it should do which is match up so closly with the little I know and have read of the deep web to create a cloying enviroment of constant suspense. The fact that you are rooted in place and can only turn around to turn off the lights makes the whole game super tense. I love horror games but every time I thought I heard a noise it sent my pulse racing while I sat there in the dark wondering if it was safe to turn on the lights. Very cool game I cant wait to play more.If your a fan of horror game sand want a game rooted just enough in reality to be deeply unsetling look no further!!Oh and its mostly text based when your reading web pages obv but the content engages and only adds to the atmosphere.Now I need to go to sleep...Sensible I know.
76561198106046987,Recommended,485380,23974244,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,CAWsForAlarm,"Welcome to the Game... I love and hate this game. I love how much it scares me, and I hate how much it scares me. For the first time in months a game has instilled actual paranoia and gotten me to the point that sudden hacks are enough to scare the crap out of me. The chair moving always freaks me out and random footsteps and other noises, as well as the fact that I read about a ""ghost gameover"". This game could have very easily offered a $15 or $20 price tag and I would have bought it without hesitation. Plus finding the ""keys"" you are looking for requires thinking and time which can distract you and make the kidnapping that much more surprising.This is one of the best horror games I've ever played, with the very low price I would absolutely recommend it."
76561198288441528,Recommended,485380,23757507,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Billy Bob,this game is awesome so good graphics!it scared me though
76561198122566446,Recommended,485380,24147159,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Axxomemie,"Oh my god, where to begin? The creepy atmoshpere of the game feels so real, making me imagine that I'm actually sitting in that room with the window open, breeze blowing, whilst there's a kidnapper coming to get me. I'm kind of a paranoid person, so this game really scares me. Not only is it scary, but the puzzles to stop the hackers get really intense as the game progresses. Definitely worth the $2.10/10 would recommend."
,Not Recommended,485380,24139418,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,QueenBeezss,"When I start the game up and it's fine, then I click new game and as it loads, the computer has a white box in the top right corner of the screen and the phone just keeps ringing. I can't click anything or pause the game. This has been happening for a while now. I was really excited to play this game but I can't because there seems to be some sort of bug or something. Please help to fix this isuue I know it's not an expensive game but I still payed for it and would like to recieve my money's worth."
,Recommended,485380,24135795,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Hlebandus  CSGO500,Scary game and hardest one i have ever played
,Recommended,485380,24147977,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,RogueKriger,"-Pretty realistic when compared to the actual deep webs.-Great thriller; awesome atmosphere, good ambience, challenging-Hacking minigame at good intervals and give you a little jump-Kidnapper has given me several heart attacks within the span of 20 minutes-Seriously he is absolutely terrifying-Like how is he that quiet FFS-DOBRYY VECHER-10/10 would reccommend"
,Recommended,485380,27977549,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Shvabenz,"I've been playing this game for a hour and Its really good game.I've most played ""Hacker Mod"" specialy the typing thing.Its really relaxing and when you are bored you can just play ""Hacker Mod"" and test your skills and time goes faster.I was playing normal mod too and way too hard and complicated.But I like the normal mod too.It deffinetly worth two dollars."
,Recommended,485380,27801623,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Yuki,"This game is creepy, very complex, and is very realistic. Although red rooms are a myth, they implement the horrors of online roaming and the dangers of roaming sites that you're not used too very VERY well.10/10"
,Recommended,485380,27578667,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,xXMilkShakeXx,Cool game
,Recommended,485380,27145666,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Spini!,Awesome Game !
,Recommended,485380,28399228,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,taliamaee,"I honestly wish there were an ""easy"" version where The Kidnapper and The Breather didn't exist for those of us who don't feel like having to check the door every two seconds. This game is brilliant--just kind of unplayable because you get caught extremely often and have to start from the beginning every time."
,Recommended,485380,28198668,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Aeezeo,Would love it if you added Steam Trading Cards and Badges to the game. Gives youthe exitment from FNAF from the pop up and the hacks are tedeous and happen a little to often in my experience. Also when loading a webpage that does not have anything show but give you an error takes the exact same amount of time as the normal website and would like if you shortened the time for blank webpages
,Recommended,485380,28303577,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,NAEFR,Best Game every and it can get you heart attack!!! LOL! jk but be ware from that ruissan theif he will try to kidnap you by surpries and you♥♥♥♥♥♥in your pants XD
76561198335903605,Not Recommended,485380,27427511,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Metal Bandanaッ,"Well its annoying knowing you payed for a game and theres a black screen with a white box on my PC in-game. Its unplayable and i have looked everywhere on google, youtube and many more websites such as the forums where there was no help to my problem. I'm soory but i do NOT reccomend it you will get a buggy game."
76561198077899575,Not Recommended,485380,27390748,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Omega Gaming,tbh i watched lots of people play the game (haha) but tbh it dosent deserve the $2 price tag. i do admit it seams like a lot of work went into the game but its VERY boring. if it was cheaper and was made a bit more interesting. then i would consider rebuying and playing the game
76561198064371350,Recommended,485380,27381430,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bowsero3,"Really fun, keeps you on your toes while trying to go through things at the same time."
,Recommended,485380,27618079,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ter ricks,tense as ♥♥♥♥ dude
76561198348180095,Recommended,485380,27846000,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,xxx_mlggaming_xxx696966969696969,cool game
,Recommended,485380,27678783,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,sandu ciorba,"got 7 codes then the garbage truck distracted me and got me killed,love this game"
,Recommended,485380,27923245,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Starman (Paradox),Spooky
,Recommended,485380,27902184,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Slayer Of Butts,Noice
,Recommended,485380,26990099,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Athyna,spooky
,Recommended,485380,32743520,Posted: 24 June,all,orang,save me
,Recommended,485380,32921658,Posted: 28 June,all,Sole :),1. Starts Game2. Find's 3 codes after 15 mins3. Here's footsteps4. Turns off light5. Murder Doctor calls6. I get killed10/10 would do again
76561198361775397,Recommended,485380,32661737,Posted: 22 June,all,xxxblack Skullyxxx,i gotta be honest that game looks sick well good thing i cant go anyway but the doornot a big problem
76561198187792022,Recommended,485380,32678747,Posted: 23 June,all,ammodesto96,"Very good game, it's scary"
,Recommended,485380,32901113,Posted: 27 June,all,guy wantha,scared the living♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me
76561198124465873,Recommended,485380,32928361,Posted: 28 June,all,Dishonoredkiller Csgobounty.com,♥♥♥♥ING HORRORFIYING.
,Recommended,485380,24053797,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Lone Destroyer,"I usually don't get scared easily but this game, this game made me jump! I was just chilling reading some website and some sneaky little guy tried feeling me up out of nowhere! No footsteps just my screen cuts onto him as I was trying to get one of the links . 10/10 Would play again. 10/10 Would♥♥♥♥♥♥my self again"
76561198107845472,Recommended,485380,32827825,Posted: 26 June,all,Jesper'O farmskins.com,"Really fun game, to discover the deep web, and getting paranoid, and puzzles! I recommend it."
,Recommended,485380,33062041,Posted: 30 June,all,Haven  | society.gg,"So, thought I heard something.I were browsing with pretty low sound so I felt the need to use the volume controller "" scroll♥♥♥♥♥♥"" on my keyboard. take it from 5% to 100% so I could hear.I look up at my screen to see the screen ♥♥♥♥ing moving away from the computerRIPOne of the scariest games I have played for a long time / ever tbh."
76561198179160641,Recommended,485380,33051094,Posted: 30 June,all,masterchief1203,"WARNING: Do not play at night, DO NOT play with all the lights off. Buy this game for aa amazing horror experience."
76561198207764292,Recommended,485380,33023446,Posted: 29 June,all,AsheUnderWater,"A very pleasing horror game, complex and very puzzling but still very enjoyable at the same time. It always keeps you on your toes! I would recommend this game to anyone who needs a suspense fix."
,Recommended,485380,28571846,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,TheGimmick,"Love this game, would recommend this game for those who like horror."
,Recommended,485380,32873948,Posted: 27 June,all,DarkCat,The most scary game in my life >.<
,Recommended,485380,24329568,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Mistress Tepoz,FNAF for edgy kids
,Recommended,485380,33244519,Posted: 4 July,all,Doof Meat,"So scary, great for such a cheap price"
,Recommended,485380,33249434,Posted: 4 July,all,toMk1,dobrá hra pokud sa chcete dosrat
76561198100974388,Recommended,485380,33354650,Posted: 7 July,all,Inkheart,"It was one of the most intense horror games I have ever played! I am an experienced player in the genre, but what separates this horror game from most other horror games, is that it presents you with realistic scenarios. Being on the computer, late at night, with intruders able to abduct or kill you, is one of the most terrifying things ever! The hacks in this game provide absolutely no horror or terror, but the aspect of abduction and death by an intruder is absolutely horrifying! However, the most unsettling thing about this game for me, were the annonymous phone calls you receive from the intruders. Although this game is absolutely horrifying and immersive, the mouse mechanic was a bit stiff and the lack sensitivity adjustment was just lazy of the developers. Secondly, the sounds indicating the presence of an intruder, were very faint at times to the point where you don't hear their presence, and they either kill you directly or kidnapp you! Although this is just the jumpscare, the immersion with the realistic scenarios outside of the computer and the over detail in the deep web's sites were enough to put you on the edge of your seat for the entire game! Asside from all the slight caveats here and there, this game is truly worth the two dollars!  Please try it! It will make your heart race!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198272747595,Recommended,485380,33451804,Posted: 11 July,all,Bear Terrorist,10 hours in and I'm still too scared to beat this
76561198096135545,Recommended,485380,33322888,Posted: 6 July,all,Chaos,Pros:cheapelements of randomnesseasy to learndifficulty curve that tracks with progressHacker modeCons:codes are hard to spot sometimesrandomnesspuzzles get some tricks in them later in the gameHacker mode cloud grid stops working completely after you lose.Verdict:Great game for it's price and the atmosphere is amazing. I do recommend this game.
76561198332785857,Recommended,485380,32702381,Posted: 23 June,all,Vinnie,A very good horror game for only $1.99
,Recommended,485380,31089976,Posted: 11 April,all,DoubleChin,"Despite watching numerous gameplays, experiencing the game first-hand is completely different and is not easier. What I like most about the game is the ambience which disrupts my breathing pattern, this adds onto the already busy gameplay - find codes and pay attention to multiple threats, it gets me even more stressed out. I enjoy this sensation once in a while.This game definitely is practice makes perfect, with more actual in-game experience, I actually figured the cues myself.The hacks actually jumpscare me more than the kidnapper & killer.Also, I like the hacker mode, it's the relaxing part of the game lol."
76561198347798185,Recommended,485380,29238765,Posted: 13 January,all,BlG SM0KE,Holy the amount of times i got jumpscared by this game is insane but if you don't know what this game is it is where you go on the deep web trying to get to the red room and you must avoid being killed by killers and getting hacked by hackers you have 10 days to get to the red room or you lose. If you fail a hack you could lose 2 days.
,Recommended,485380,24741077,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Water,It's pretty spooky
,Recommended,485380,29349263,Posted: 18 January,all,狼Kanine狼,"Have you ever wondered what it is like to browse the deep/dark web?Do you like hidden puzzles that are timed?Do you love to feel like a killer Russian is about to enter your house at any moment?Do you love to hold door knobs to prevent a killer from 'breaking in'?Do you enjoy the feeling of paranoia?Do you enjoy merely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ your pants in the comfort of your home?If you answered yes to any of these, then this game is definitely for you! For $2 this game has given me quite the bang for my buck. It's extremely interesting coming from the fact it is based upon a huge side of the internet I had little to no idea about before this game. I seriously recommend it, this game immerses you and upon browsing different sites, you will lose track of your surroundings and have the scare of your life."
,Recommended,485380,29093283,Posted: 7 January,all,NicholasGrey_,"Welcome to The Game, a game like no other. First off, it's a deep web simulator. How many of those do you see? Pratically none. How many of those games are actually decent? None. Except this one.Yes, I've only played 1 hour. Why? I'm always stuck on Chosen Awake. Except from that, it's awesome! It's a puzzle game, a game type I adore, whilst also being a horror! 10/10"
,Recommended,485380,29967989,Posted: 16 February,all,JETTYTROLLOLDPROFILE,"LOVE the game my friends had the first version and i still loved watching them playing that, then when i found out it was cvery cheap on steam i bought the game and DLC (which i love) the dlc is great for practicing you getting hackedwhen i played the game and i heard footsteps..... CMD Q"
,Recommended,485380,29938587,Posted: 15 February,all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a full review, and NOT a first impressions review like all my other reviews, if you want a better full review, then please read better reviews then mineWelcome to the Game is a game developed and published by Reflect StudiosThis game is pretty good. It's simple, fun, and interesting. It's not too hard, but not too easy and it's constantly being updatedThe game is difficult in general, but easy to understand. There are a lot of things making the game difficult. Getting hacked, tracked, and kidnapped are all very possible and quite frequent. But, there are ways to avoid all of them (not so much the hacking, it's quite inevitable). There are most definitely ways to play the game that are better than others. It being a horror game, it will be easier to beat if you have good awarenessThe game is good overall. It is definitey worth the price and a good game to play if you like Indie, Horror, Puzzle, or Deep Web games. It is cheap, fun, and easy to playRECOMMENDED :)"
76561198080691169,Recommended,485380,29865271,Posted: 11 February,all,Star,Live You're Dreams Of Becoming a Hacker
,Not Recommended,485380,29938258,Posted: 15 February,all,nAhk1s,"I'll explain here everything the game explains you in the first 2 minutes.Your objective is to find a webpage called ""Redroom"" within 30 days . You will be attacked by hackers and there is 3 different kind of attacks. Two of them will give you a puzzle to solve. In the third one you have to copy a few lines of code to block the attack and the time limit is pretty tight for a slow typer like me. Also using EU layout has an impact because the signs used are used in programming and programmers do not use your every day Facebook chat layout. You will also be attacked by 2 different nutcases at random times and you will be given warnings when they are approaching.All that been said... Concept is awesome and the game it self would be great, but there are a few things that bother me. The game feels like a lottery machine. The 2 enemies can attack you at the same time and you can only dodge one of  them resulting in a game over.  The indications for approaching enemies have a chance to be completely meaningless, making you only lose time. You can also be attacked by hackers at the same time as you have to dodge either of the psychos resulting in a game over or you losing 2-6days time. You have to look for what you need by clicking on parts of certain images. The webpages appear in different order in every playthrough and the information you find from the pages depends when they appear during your progress. If you fail to defend your self from a hacker you have a chance to lose all your notes.Combining all the random factors in all of your playthroughs it makes finishing the game almost impossible. It's more like playing a 58-card memory game where you have to mark the back of the card because the card will be flipped over and scrambled even if you find the pair for it. You will eventually win by a chance or because you were a true hero and took notes IRL about everything you find on any page at any given time during your progress."
,Recommended,485380,28940791,Posted: 2 January,all,Wizard,Best game ever i go on deep web daily and it's kind if similar great simulation.
,Recommended,485380,28961731,Posted: 2 January,all,becky lemme smash,"If you don't know what this game is about, you play as someone who is trying to access something called a ""Red Room"" on the Deep Web. A Red Room is a site where you can watch or participate in live, interactive torture and murder. As you go through your search for the pieces of the URL to the Red Room, you are in danger of being hacked, located and kindapped, or killed. With each scenario, there is a way to prevent it from happening, whether that be typing in the text that is displayed, pointing in the right direction for a path to follow, or even blocking the front door of your house to keep the maniac outside your house.This game, first off, is extremely well done. It is easy to say that this is truly one of the best games of 2016. The graphics are fairly good, the atmosphere is extremely well-done, and the gameplay is horrifyingly realistic. I often find myself in such a state of fear that I am literally having trouble breathing and even though there is an option to turn off the mic if a kidnapper is outside, I still find myself trying to stay as quiet as possible for as long as I can. This game causes stress like it's supposed to, it is achieving it's goal of being realistic, and overall, it's extremel nerve-racking most of the time.Overall, I'd give Welcome to the Game a 98/100. This game is truly fantastic and it's worth far more than it's $2 price tag. Fantastic job, Reflect Studios."
76561197994345468,Not Recommended,485380,29067740,Posted: 6 January,all,Turannos,Sit at a computer and load pages that sometime work and sometimes don't depending on time.The phone rings again. Answer it.  Never saw killer or kidnappers. Go and check they door.  You've been hacked and lost 3 days.Seems to be a random point and click and hope simulator.Maybe I just don't get but just a frustrating waste time for me.
,Recommended,485380,28716578,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Keith Bow,I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants....
,Not Recommended,485380,30126200,Posted: 23 February,all,devis,"This game used to be very good, it was the perfect difficulty and help the suspence throughout. But now, the hacks come a lot more often and start at a much higher difficulty. It has just become a stressful game with no fun involved."
,Recommended,485380,31071782,Posted: 10 April,all,#spinning,Great Game! a bit challenging
,Recommended,485380,29239207,Posted: 13 January,all,Rakkenport,Well i mean even evil has standards
76561198119549464,Recommended,485380,29211993,Posted: 12 January,all,FluffyBunnies2.0,Great game but needs to be changed to the dark web the deep web is a place of unlisted websites and the dark web is the same but with more illegal websites like the Silk Road
76561198048683497,Recommended,485380,31109968,Posted: 12 April,all,Hypr Carry,not bad
,Recommended,485380,31107991,Posted: 12 April,all,newcookie,Clicking simulator xDGame is really good and I like the price.Has few jump scares but it's fine most of the time you are just paranoid that someone will come and kidnap you.Need mad typing skills to beat some of hack attacks.
,Recommended,485380,30259249,Posted: 1 March,all,Spider,"Is it good?Yes it is, The price is low, And the gameplay is fun. But it gets repetitive after 2 or 3 times."
76561198272029887,Recommended,485380,25684677,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,skiddiedoxr,Bought the game forgot to read the requirements. please can you make it playable with my specs? It keeps crashing!Specs:Processor - 2.20 GHzRAM - 4GB (3.82 usable)Type: 64 bitThanks -_-
,Recommended,485380,31140515,Posted: 14 April,all,[R3Z] LuminHardt,"super fun, challenging, ♥♥♥♥ed up and scary9/11 would go to the deep web again"
76561198197683519,Recommended,485380,31149580,Posted: 14 April,all,Hillary Clinton,"Just was playing, writing down a link when I♥♥♥♥♥♥my self. Why? ♥♥♥♥ Russians."
76561198020657257,Recommended,485380,24777879,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Shuck,"I really don't know what to think of this game.  I thought it wasn't very entertaining.  It's kind of like browsing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ edgelord sites.  Super boring.Then my phone rang.  With the breathing.Which, I won't lie, legit creeped me out.  I have a weird phobia about phone calls (don't ask).  Once that happened, my opinion changed.  It became actually creepy.  It's still kind of a mixed bag, but I'll give it credit for being the only horror game ( I guess this counts as horror game) since Dead Space to actually give me a fright.So, I'd say give it a shot if you have an extra 2 bucks in your Steam wallet."
76561198288871173,Recommended,485380,25637336,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,KQLY,i♥♥♥♥♥♥myself
,Recommended,485380,25698143,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Kroowze,tegrfdgjhgf
76561198396996132,Recommended,485380,33545988,Posted: 14 July,all,Tmacm7,Not for the weak of heart but for people who love horror/strategy/puzzle will love this game
,Recommended,485380,33593721,Posted: 16 July,all,Eyenoom,My girlfriend died from the ♥♥♥♥ing horror when the Breather was suddenly in our face having no sense of personal space.
76561198163262152,Recommended,485380,33288593,Posted: 5 July,all,Bubba,Great game and cheap
,Recommended,485380,32838414,Posted: 26 June,all,ComradeChef,10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥myself and break chair again.
,Recommended,485380,24125502,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,UnAlpha,"If you are looking for a REAL scary game.  This is it.This game is very difficult, and every play session is more then possible.  It's simply a matter of understanding how the game works.I've seen reviews of people complaining that websites do not connect, these set me off.  It shows they have not played the game to the extent that it has been crafted.  There are a plethera of websites that work, it takes a little bit of time to learn how to distinguish between real and fake sites, but if you are dedicated then you will get it.  Maybe a wiki can help you if your that stumped (hell, I needed it.)Another thing about this game I find interesting, there is a bunch of misinformation spread about it, an example that you will hear is people saying that the van = The Breather, this simply is not true.  The Kidnapper wants to kidnap you, where does he put you?  The van.  The murderer does not care about bodies.  Also, I'm saying this with confirmation from the dev himself.If your looking for a game to play on a Friday or Saturday night, you've just struck gold.  After your first launch of the game, hell you will probably be too afraid to even open it again."
,Recommended,485380,31261785,Posted: 20 April,all,cheeki breeki biker,10 minutes in i get a phone call from the breather and instant altf4
,Recommended,485380,33714701,Posted: 22 July,all,BOT Vladimir,"""Dark net is full of serial killers so watch out""lol first fix your links then warn me about some creep from the DW going after me, the breathing guy was probably a salesman"
,Recommended,485380,34025884,Posted: 4 August,all,Zamasu,Good horror game scarier than most horror games released today
,Recommended,485380,34038510,Posted: 5 August,all,Rentix,i literrly♥♥♥♥♥♥my pantsif u wanna♥♥♥♥♥♥urself - buy this game.scary - 100000000/10♥♥♥♥♥♥pants - 100000000000000000000000000000/10
,Recommended,485380,34345074,Posted: 19 August,all,CYKOT csgobounty.com,a bit slow
76561198187527193,Recommended,485380,34467942,Posted: 24 August,all,TwoR,Its A Hard Game :|
76561198356447670,Recommended,485380,34221656,Posted: 13 August,all,smol sinnamon demon,"This game gave me chills, it's hard to scare me so when this game did it was amazing"
76561198103393243,Recommended,485380,34230802,Posted: 14 August,all,anonymous,"This is probibly the scariest horror game i have ever played...usualy in most horror games i dont even flintch or only feel a slight bit of suspence or am simply jumpscared but not feeling any real fear, but this game is different.  The game it self is about browsing the deep web to search for a red room where you get to have an interactive murder viewing experience which works fantasticly for the game.  The makes it so you already get the feeling that you are doing something you shouldnt which plays on your morals but you do it anyway because its a game but still it adds an  uneazieness to the experience and they add onto that all of the bizzar and horrible sights which do actualy exist on the deep web adding to that feeling that what you are doing is not right, but what they also add is a consequence to searching for the red room in the form of hackers, kidnapers, and serial killers who try to kill/hack/kidnap you which realy builds up a large amount of paranoia.  And to add to this the ambient is mostly just crickets and night time sounds but they also throw in some foot steps and creaking in which makes you look behind you and realy freaks you out.  and then when you least expect it you are eather killed or kidnapped when finding 2/8 keys you need to find in order to get to the red room which makes the game extremely hard yet makes you want to keep on playing to feel that sence of accomplishment for completing it...i currently only have 3 hours due to the fact that this boosts my already preasnt paranoia and isnt healthy for me to play, but for people who dont have this problem you could eazily get 20-30 hours and not finish it expecialy because of the alternate endings added in in the 2.0 update. for a game priced at $30 i would call this a 10/10 but this is only being sold for 2 dollars making this one of the cheapiest great games i have ever played.  I highly recomend it.Backround information about what the game is based about (not part of the review but might be interesting for some):This game is based off of the urban myth about these rooms that are found on the deep web which live streams a person beink murdered with you being able to instruct and individual to do what you want to the victim for you to watch for money, now this is currently just an urban myth and no longer exists due to the fact that it can no longer exist.  At one point there were red rooms but that was in the early days of the deep web before tor when the deep web was simply just a hidden sight that was not indexed anywere and was simply a place where only hackers, criminals, and goverment spys congragated due to the fact that it was extremely difficult to access and in order to get in you needed to manualy encrypt your ip address and was just as fast as the regular internet.  However now that tor is the dominant way to access the deep web, the red rooms have died out simply due to the fact that you can stream video off of tor.  The encryption process makes tor very slow to the point where even loading a webpage can take a couple of minutes and streaming simply isnt an option which is why in order to view something on tor you need to download (why people get caught with downloaded videos containing content not suitable for anyone rather than jsut watching them like youtube) so due to the technital limitations of tor the red rooms turned from something that did exist to an urbam myth.  Currently tor is very popular and is used for a variety of stuff like conspiricy theories, wissle blowing, book stores (some books are banned due to the government not allowing certain topics to be viewed in their country) hacking forums, adult content both (legal and illegal), drug shops, wierd edgy videos (mostly student art projects), and a lot more (once i found a pizza delivery site and a site with nothing but frog asscii art, and lots and lots of scams...its an interesting place and not as dark as this game will make you believe because like searching on google you can pretty easily stay away from bad sites if you choose to since all of the stuff that exists on the deep web also exists on the clear web."
,Recommended,485380,34312033,Posted: 17 August,all,Jala Vuk,"Can't believe that life in the deep web looks like this... ok, I know there are guns and drugs , but people's parts, illegal surgery, testical mutilitation , torture and etc. ...goddamit ,I was really scared D:Kidnapper's can be here in every min.10/10 Like this ''cyber'' horror game"
,Recommended,485380,33856813,Posted: 28 July,all,Iceblivionx,10/10
76561198253364123,Recommended,485380,34379970,Posted: 20 August,all,xXShadowsEvolvedXx,AMZING but to scary :(
,Recommended,485380,34499909,Posted: 26 August,all,Juzzram,spooky
,Recommended,485380,34509205,Posted: 26 August,all,Pet Lizard | Google.com,cool and good
,Recommended,485380,34529686,Posted: 27 August,all,gluMWall,"Hard, scary, enjoyed playing it."
,Recommended,485380,34641545,Posted: 31 August,all,TheMajesticHero,Great and scary game overall. Love everything about it even if it scares the living hell out of me! 8)
,Recommended,485380,34657719,Posted: 1 September,all,Goverment man,Happy playing till my dude put's barbie song to kidnap me. 11/10
76561198098975488,Recommended,485380,34594316,Posted: 29 August,all,Water_Samurai,Creepy and inventive.
,Recommended,485380,35104822,Posted: 21 September,all,Bucky_Banzai,Absolutely one of the most brilliant and scary games I have ever played.
76561198142110818,Recommended,485380,35126547,Posted: 22 September,all,chros,fun game nudes o-o wdf hahah
76561198084304848,Recommended,485380,24798906,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,『Bio』,Mini game after ever click and russian dude didn't take me to dinner before kidnapping me.- 10/10 would be mocked by a skull again.
,Recommended,485380,35130974,Posted: 22 September,all,BoinkyDoinker,Fell Out Of My Chair From A Jumpscare 7/10
,Recommended,485380,35190907,Posted: 24 September,all,SamTheNKMan,"SPOILER FREESynopsisThis game is a great way to pass some time and have some great fun. The mere concept of going onto the deep web and trying to find a hidden red room is enough to get a lot of people intrigued. It makes the deep web very authentic, with the weird jumbled up URLs, to the sites that are up at certain times of night and down at other times, to the fact that your IP can be exposed and you can become vulnerable to hacking.Brief GuideUltimately your goal is to find 8 keys that are hidden on 8 different deep web sites across 3 deep Wiki pages. The keys have a digit showing what order they appear in on the URL, followed by a dash and 4 random characters. They look something like this:1 - b7a3So lets say I found 3 keys and needed to put them in order. We'll use these 3 keys as an example:1 - b7a32 - a7e53 - 67f9We would put the keys in order based on what the order number is, so with those 3 keys your URL would look like this:b7a3a7e567f9The VillainsThe extra horror element in this game is the presence of two villains; the Kidnapper and the Breather. These two guys, especially the Kidnapper, add this unique element of real world horror. The Kidnapper can track down your IP and bust in through your window, and the Breather can track you down and attempt to bust in through your front door.SummaryMany sites to look around for keys. Some are a bit comedic while others are direct copies of actual twisted deep web pages (The Dollmaker) and others are just interpreted from real sites and are made to be similar (Family Drug Shop).VERY scary if you get attacked by any of the villains. Usually unexpected and surprising even after a long time of being through them.Hacking can get tedious as you progress. Sometimes hacks happen so frequently you can't even spend a few seconds without it happening. Luckily when version 2.0 came out it added the ability to reset your modem, which takes about 10 seconds of being completely vulnerable and not being able to do anything, but if successful, it can take the burden of hacking off your shoulders for a little while.Overall just a really fun experience. I'm amazed that Adam the developer was able to make this game so quickly. It can provide you with hours upon hours of suspenseful, heart-throbbing fun and intrigue, especially if you try and get the two secret endings.I'd most certainly recommend it to anyone. It's scary, it's a load of fun, it's realistic, and most of all, it's extremely cheap. The original price was only $1.99! Now it's been bumped up to $4.99 to help Adam raise more money to develop his big project called ""Rides with Strangers."" Don't worry about the price increase. The game is still very much worth it.ExtraIf you're interested in supporting Rides with Strangers, please go check out the Kickstarter pagehereand maybe even consider contributing a bit to it. It's shaping up to be a really exciting game, so hopefully it can be completed before too long.Thank you for taking the time to read this review."
