user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,485980,30079225,Posted: 21 February,all,point_Zer0,"The game is surprisingly good. Ai is a bit stupid, pathways which armor and vehicles choose are not that good and sometimes annoying. But otherwise the game is fun. The mechanics  of the game are really enjoyable and quite easy to understand. Graphics and the HUD are quite 2006ish, but can't call that a drawback for that price.P.S This review is just about the gameplay and not some politics bs - you can believe what you want about what is happening in Syria, but the game is nice.p.p.s About optimistion and overall performance - playing on my Asus ROG gl502vs and getting 40-60 fps with the graphics maxed. Sometimes, in dence city fights, will have drops to 30 fps."
76561198220004443,Recommended,485980,32204160,Posted: 5 June,all,BrennenM,This game while controversial is a great one in terms of gameplay. The AI is intelligent And the game is just challenging enough to be fun without being unfair. My main gripe with the path finding of the units you control (I think the next dlc in development fixes this). Also I find it strange that a lot of the arab characters sound British (not all) but other than that it's a great game would recommend
,Recommended,485980,30529269,Posted: 15 March,all,Polite People,"Okay, here's a no nonsense review of the game itself, leaving all the political controversy aside.Syrian Warfare is a tough-as-nails, challenging but surprisingly fun tactical RTS game that does wonders plunging you headfirst into tactical urban warfare.The player is tasked with a seemingly impossible mission at first: with his little team of a few infantry squads and an APC or two you are expected to fight and win a battle against overwhelming odds.Hell, even on the normal difficulty your forces can be easily wiped out in the blink of an eye by a sudden suicide truck attack followed by a tremendously powerful explosion, that even shatters buildings.Speaking of buildings, while they provide great cover from small arms fire for your infantry, you'll be shocked to see how well the game engine handles partial, or even full destrucion of a building. All of that can change the tactical flow of the battle, so keep an eye out and switch the positions of your units accordingly.After an intense mission like that—filled to the brim with artillery barrages and enemy suicide truck explosions—you will be treated to a picture of an absolutely destroyed city block with husks of buildings smashed to pieces.All in all Syrian Warfare provides a challenging and fun experience for fans of a tactial engagements in urban warfare scenarios, especially for such a low price."
76561198111566578,Recommended,485980,30093934,Posted: 21 February,all,magnum2016,"This game is actually very well made. It focuses around the terrors of the Syrian Civil War however at no point in the game do I feel like this is an arcade game or anything similar. This game shows the terror of the Syrian Civil War and it is depressing at times. The creator of this game I truly believe did not make this game with the sole purpose of making money. I believe he created this game to spread awareness about the troubles of the war, and how people seem to have forgotten completely about the war and they act as if it is over and very little fighting is going on. This is not the case and this game represents the war exceptionally."
76561198118623945,Recommended,485980,31940236,Posted: 24 May,all,Gottkönig,"Glad I've found this game!Pros:- It is not an easy game. It's challenging in a good way.- It runs stable on my system. Not a single crash while actually in the game (yet a few while loading but that's not a big deal at all)- The balancing of units is well performed and certainly based on real battlefield experiences.- The physics of this game are also well performed. There are no real flaws that I noticed in the game mechanics which is something that made me happy and kept my immersion alive.- It tells the story of the Syrian Civil War from a perspective of the Syrian government and the Russian Federation which by itself is something your should have heard about. The conflict is not easily explained yet western media tends to only give easy explanations on difficult topics especially about Syria. Assad = bad. Rebels = Fighting for freedom. And it's not that easy. By looking at the details you'll notice that at least from our perspective measured by our moral values rebels in Syria are not the poor suppressed victims who are just struggling for survival and freedom but they are actually pretty bad too. Not saying that Assad and Russians are the moral winners. But I'd at least like to point out that in Syria in the last few years there were no moral winners anymore. There is no hand without blood on it anymore. There is noone who could be supported by us Westeners anymore without taking our part of the guilt of the suffering of innocents. I find it important to point that out and it's a big plus for this game because it's pointing its fingers in a direction where not enough fingers are pointing: Rebels in Syria aren't the good guys.Cons:- This game is utterly difficult sometimes which is a good thing in general but also kind of frustrating for a few moments.- You have limited ammo. Your enemies have infinite ammo. Not cool!- The biggest Con for me: The game is way too short. There are not enough missions. The actual playtime is a bit too little. Maybe it's okay for the price you pay, arguably. All in all I had 7 hours fun with this game which just wasn't enough.- The narration tends to feel a little propagandistic. The game might be and certainly is right about a few things that are important but that doesn't mean it's right about everything, from a political point of view. It's just ""too much"" at some points.All in all I loved this game. Game-wise there sadly is very little coverage of the Syrian Civil War. So I really enjoyed this experience and I'm looking forward for more content from this studio. Good job!"
,Recommended,485980,32913864,Posted: 27 June,all,Coffee Addicted,"i think this is the first game without american hero and america propogondayou control the loyal syrian soldiers to fight against ISIS,taking back cities,homes,mosquesgame is based on true stories and it will explain what is the isis exactly and and how they get weapons and money and which countries are suppoting themit may look like civil war but the truth is something elselot of dialogues which is very good for stategy game,graphic looks good ! not bad not excellent just goodfirst mission looks simple but the game starts at mission 2 !"
76561198015742007,Recommended,485980,30089418,Posted: 21 February,all,vaughan.w.stephenson,"Squads of al-Nusra soldiers charge up the hill, darting between pine and diving to return fire. A contingent of my men are holed up at the edge of town in the police station, the building sagging and shredded on its left side; a suicide bomber in a pickup had sped towards the outpost, dodging our small arms and pulling the vehicle to rest just beneath the windows. The blast killed several of my police officers but still was not enough to break their defence. They continues to exchange small arms fire with black masked militants crawling across the tilled fields outside town; luckily the mines I laid earlier in the woods have held back any enemy armor.In the the city there is general chaos. Civilians run for their cars and speed towards the highway, those without vehicles run for the evacuation bus. My main defensive position is the Moque looking North out of town, the main road runs up the hill from the forest and continues right past the Mosque. SUVs filled with al-Nusra miltiamen charge past our defense line and head towards the town center. Soldiers dive out and rush into buildings, setting up defensive postions, trying to cut off the police station from the Mosque. My BTR aromered personel carrier sits in the main road outside of the Mosque, it swivels its turret around to follow the SUVs which had just sped past. It drills heavy shells into the terrorists, the houses they take cover in are blown apart bit by bit. Ttheir vehicle takes heavy damage to its engine block and burtsts into flame. The al-Nusra men still on the street crumple to the ground.Small arms fire continues to harass my men in the Mosque, but a larger threat looms. Another suicide bomber is speeding up the wooded highway towards town. If I lose the Mosque I lose the town, and my family, along with the families of all my friends, may be massacred. It is essential we hold the line until the evacuation is complete. I have two squads in a house about a hundred yards beyond the Mosque, I order my BTR up the road in order to support. The truck continues speeding closer, nearly in range. My men and the BTR open up fire and I realize I've made a terrible mistake. When I moved my squads up into that building I thought briefly that the position was too far forward, too far away from supportive fire, but I did it anyways. The line of sight from the building down the road is obscured by trees, and the two lonely squads just don't have enough time to accurately hit the driver. The suicide truck races around the corner of the house and crashes direrectly into my BTR.Everything stops for a moment. I know my two squads are already dead. I assume, depending on the explosive power of this vehicle borne bomb, that my armored personel carrier will be heavily damaged at the very least. And yet I think that if those soldiers hadn't been in that forward position and I hadn't moved my BTR up to assist them, and the BTR hadn't been at that house to block its path, the suicide truck could have very well sped all the way to my main defences at the Mosque and done considerably more damage. Then again, with the more concentrated fire from the Mosque, and with the benefit of a longer line of sight, we would have had better chances of detonating the truck or killing it's driver before it was close enough to deal any damage. My men may have been sacrificed needlessly, but I will never know.After what seems like an eternity, but was just about one and a half seconds, the truck disintegrates into a ball of flame and light. The BTR is instantly enveloped in smoke and dust, the drivers all killed and its tracks splintered. My five men in the house must have died instantly; the ferocity of the blast completely leveled the building. It had been a house, but now all that remained was the foundation and a fan shaped swathe of carnage blown outwards from the crater where the bomb truck had just been. The smoke cleared and more al-Nusra militants charge out of the treeline and inch ever closer to the town, rockets and tracerfire crisscrossing the barren fields.This is the first day of the war. The government is losing its grip, dark new powers are assembling in the shadows to fill the power vacuum, they have sent these militia here, turned the police chief of the neighboring town their will, sides are being chosen, lines drawn. Something larger is looming just out of sight, Syria, and the world will forever be changed. And this was only the first day of the war."
76561197970508773,Recommended,485980,30542956,Posted: 16 March,all,Tankred,"Very well made Indie RTS Game, one of the few that actually derserve the title ""realistic"" RTS. The difficulty on realistic setting, is simply punishing. One ATGM kills about every armoured vehicle with one shot, with the notable exeption of the upgraded T72 and the modern T90 MBT. So most of the time, you´re advancing with snipers to recon. Slowly.Artillery is devastating, as are Air Strikes, and you really get an idea how important Forward Observers really are, especially in the gruesome city assault missions like Damascus suburbs and Palmyra. Forget about ""surgical strikes"", that has about as much to do with reality than Disney movies with documentaries. Modern city fighting is a bloodbath, and don´t expect much to be left standing. I ended up in the aforementioned Damascus suburb mission, with a truck crew storming the last building, since all other assault infantry sqads were down to one man, litterally.Really well made combat simulation.Only minus is the obvious politicking, sometimes the game is openly propagandistic. A bit more nuanced approach would have been more believable; not every rebel in Syria is an Islamist, and not every White Helmet guy is a terrorist, even if a lot of them really are in cahoots with the Islamists.But if Hollywood is allowed their cartoon Arab terrorists, so is a Russian game too."
,Recommended,485980,30656506,Posted: 21 March,all,Murikov,"«What kind of Arab would I be if I didn’t have a RPG buried in my yard…?»- Random guy in first mission after being asked to help defending the villageWheew, what a ride. Definitely my personal surprise RTS of 2017 so far!Syrian Warfareis a classic Real Time Strategy game brought to you by tiny Russian developerCats Who Play. Since some members of the team also worked at GFI before, you could say the game is an unofficial sequel or spin-off to the 2008 RTSWarfare. Judging from videos or screenshots (and even the title font) the similarity is evident.Now if you already enjoyed pseudo-realistic military RTS or TBS games from Russia likeSudden Strike 2,Blitzkrieg,7.62 High Calibre,Stalingrador9th Company - Roots of Terror, then look no further. You'llfriggin' adorethis game. It has great combat gameplay mechanics, almost completely destructible environment (which you can use to your advantage), simple micro-management and definitely an interesting, modern military setting.Speaking of that, you play as Syrian Police OfficerAnwarwho first commands a small unit of Syrian Police Forces and later in the game changes to the regular Syrian Arab Army. To those who still don't know at this point - that's the Assad Forces of thestill ragingSyrian Civil War. Over the duration of the whole game you first fight againstJabhat Al-Nusramilitants while later the focus shifts on destroying professionalISISforces.At this point some words of clarification - if you've got personal issues with the Russian / non-western point of view of the events of the Syrian Civil War, then better look for another game. Let me explain it like this: It doesn't exactly portray the events in the likes of CNN, BBC, NATO, the SOHR or the White Helmets. The game deals uncompromisingly with the military struggle against (moderate) terrorism in Syria. It even goes as far to settle with political correctness by showing the player ironic messages from fictional social media pages that hint at the ongoing information war about Syria. In the current age of#PrayForAleppoor#stopbarrelbombsI found this a refreshing point of view... Political incorrectness at its best! :) It's kinda like the ending ofMarauder: Man of Prey, if you remember that one. Another cool game from Russia.But make no mistake - this game is tough as nails. If you mindlessly let your tanks and APCs charge into open fields and streets, you're already doomed to be the target of countless ATGMs. In just a blink of a second all your mechanized units may evaporate in a storm of steel and fire. Enemy snipers hiding in apartment blocks will ruin any of your infantry attacks. Many fields, country roads and streets are covered with anti-tank and anti-personnel mines, which can only be detected by sappers and special forces. Hidden forward observers will see you from miles ahead and mercilessly call mortar, howitzer or MLRS strikes on you. To make things worse, they will even send VBIEDs - suicide bombers - against you.To survive through all that mess you'll have to clinch to every unit and resources available to you. Ammo and Fuel are limited and have to be re-supplied with trucks. To blind enemy observers you can use smoke screens to cross streets and buildings. To avoid being hit by ATGMs you must hide your tanks between buildings and structures and let them only briefly come forward to shoot and get back to cover again (remember those T72 GoPro videos fromAnna News?). At some points in the game you'll receive support from Russian Special Forces and the Russian Airforce, which due to the very limited resources you'll have to use wisely. Enemy tanks with strong front armor you have to take out from behind with fast and versatile ATGM technicals. You may use snipers or RPO rockets to take out forward observers in buildings and to clear the way for your assault squads - and the list goes on. Thankfully there's also a «Pause Mode» in which you can freeze the game and coordinate your commands. This makes things considerably less difficult.Individual units can gain experience in battle and can be used again in later missions. You will definitely love that glorious moment when you lead your favorite tank crew in a brand-new T90 to the final battle of Palmyra - just some missions before they were absolute rookies handling a rusty T55.At some points it's a bit too much of a «Trial-and-Error». Your troops may bite the dust pretty often and you'll get accustomed to the loading screen flashing on your monitor. Even on «Realistic», the medium difficulty next to «Normal» and «Ironman», the game isnotforgiving at all. Normally I don't start playing video games on the easiest difficulty mode, but in this case I rather recommend to do so.Due to the tough level of difficulty you'll have to spend about 20 hours to complete all 7 missions of the campaign. For the current price and the prospect of possible DLCs or sequels I find that absolutely OK. Another forte I must praise is the mission design. Some of these missions, like the rescue of the Russian pilot shot down by an Turkish F-16 in 2015, are based on real events of the Syrian Civil War. The developers, even if they may dramatize to some degree, made a good job of recreating an authentic experience. If you closely followed the events of this conflict or watched reports byAnna Newsyou'll definitely notice so on many details.Now despite all the praise, are there any downsides? Yes indeed. The pathfinding can be frustrating at some points and you may occasionally yell at the stupidity of your own troops («WHAAAA..! WHY ARE YOU EFFIN' EXPOSIN' YOURSELF TO THAT ENEMY ATGM AGAIN FOR THE EFFIN' THOUSANDTH TIME!!»*autistic screeching*). Some minor bugs like delayed mission scripts also leave a bittersweet aftertaste. The voice acting may annoy some linguistic purists, but I found them actually really OK.The Good:+ Highly interesting yet controversial setting+ Awesome combat gameplay mechanics+ Huge tactical depth, but still simple gameplay mechanics+ Destructible and interactive environment and buildings+ High level of detail in terms of military equipment and events+ Political incorrectness ;)+ Simple micro-management of units+ Individual units gain experience for further missions+ OK graphics engine with some gorgeous effects+ Great price for the value+ Good music and sound effects (incl. Arabic voices)The Bad:- Annoying pathfinding- Much Trial-and-Error type of gameplay- Only one campaign (SAA)- No skirmish or multiplayerThe Ugly:-- Nothing really... Only the ridiculous SJW hate against this game that some certain people expressed in the Steam forums. Gosh, just don't play it and go away.To put it in a nutshell, if you're interested in realistic modern warfare in Middle East with a touch ofalternativepoint of view, then absolutely grab this game. The price is a steal and you'll have an intense experience for at least 20 hours. After you finished the last hiddenAl-Nusrathug in the insane Battle for the Damascus Suburbs you'll definitely shed a tear of joy, believe me.9 out of 10 ATGMs(is this becoming kind of a meme now?)«Base-1, this is Falcon-4. We have cleared our sector. It was NO walk in the park...»- Anwar's opinion after beating the infamous Damascus Suburbs mission"
76561197974191072,Recommended,485980,32183611,Posted: 4 June,all,Dozzer,"Ok this is company of heros Russian style and slant( not as polished)   so if you don't accept their point of view this is not the game for you. The good points are that it is challenging very challenging in places,  its always good to take down suicide bombers, VBIED and terrorist and you can save the civilian which I like.  Its pretty cool to play with Russian kit and the lack of real quality equipment makes it tougher especially at the start.So I have not finished it yet but I must say I like it; but there are a few niggles.Yes it crashes and my god the voice acting in English is bad,  I also take exception to the bad guy having a English accent but hay after what happen yesterday in my captial city then its not to farfetched ( also it appears that all the voices have an English accent ) .  So give it a go shoot em up. Time for payback.PS if you are  a member of the white helmets don't play this game, try company of heros."
,Recommended,485980,30123330,Posted: 23 February,all,Silent Rob ϟϟ ✠,"""What kind of Arab would I be if I didn't have an RPG buried in my backyard?"".Game of the year"
76561198123554081,Recommended,485980,31277071,Posted: 21 April,all,omarkenoh,"Score: 7.5/10=As a game, with some improvements it will truly give you a feeling of anti-war.Gameplay: 7/10=Needs improvement in pathfinding and could use some more artwork to make UI better.Story(?):8/10=Truly tense and makes you feel the desperation of the situation. Voice acting could be better and if a better budget was possible, I would like to actually prefer to see some cinematic cutscenes.I can understand why many people would have issues with this game, claiming it is ""propaganda.""With that to the side, let's actually talk about the game itself. This game's first mission is truly terrifying. I love playing RTS games and the Total War series, however they would never be able to capture the nerve-racking tension and suspense that this game delivered in only its first mission. Aside from the crap pathfinding, fighting is extremly tense and rather realistic. Sending three squads of soldiers to take a building with only two men is an incredibly difficult task without explosives. Those tanks and vehicles truly become terrifying weapons against helpless infantry who cannot fight back.You think then that once you have your first armored vehicle you should be good? Ha! This game literally will send three or four to counter, and the enemy actually positions themselves very well. This makes fighting the enemy very difficult with your limited supplies and limited capacities of your soldiers. There are no special abilities, trump cards, ultimate weapons, etc. It really is raw warfare and you are outnumbered, constantly. Just when you think you are winning, the game smacks you in the face for your overconfidence and lack of organization.May I honestly say, the fact that you have to help civilians so many times truly makes the missions ever more difficult and make you feel helpless as a bus gets rocked by an RPG."
,Recommended,485980,30079689,Posted: 21 February,all,Pfelpensson,"First impressions - very positive.  Nuanced setting, engaging plot, frantic urban combat, impressive terrain destruction as convoys of suicide bombers smash into your fortified positions, a crew lobbing smoke and sprinting to capture a still somewhat functional enemy vehicle...  quite possibly the indie urban (pauseable) real time tactics game I've been waiting for."
,Recommended,485980,32700906,Posted: 23 June,all,BigBoss,"This is a great strategy game. I would describe it as a mash-up of Blitzkrieg (1-2), Men of war and CoHThe GoodMechanicsIt takes the features from Blitzkrieg such as resupplying and refuelling your forces and reinforcing your troops, the squad cover mechanics (albiet simpler) from Company of Heroes and the squad and vehicle control from Men of War also with the vehicle destruction model (i.e Engine destuction and the sort). All this combined offers a enjoyable game with a strategy layer that forces you to use combined arms warfare to overcome your enemy.StoryWithout Spoilers, the story takes place in the current and ongoingSyrian Civil War lol. It tells the personal Story of a Police lieutenant called Anwar and follows his operations through the conflict (Almost everyone is voiced by English/Americans which i personally dont have a problem with). The game does a really good job of making you feel hopelessly surrounded and outgunned at points, much like the real conflict, with reinforcements arriving before you are completely overrunnever thought i'd be so happy to see Russian Marines out of nowhere.AIFrom what i have seen the AI seems quite competent. It will outflank you to retake objectives you have presiously taken, push up on you without warning and attack side objectives if you take too long to complete them. It turns into a game of  ""can i spare my already limited forces to take these objectives and risk the enemy gaining another position to attack me from?"". All in all it makes it very intense during the campaign.The BadFirst Impressions count!When i first saw this game on the Steam Page, i thought it was a shovelware game using controversial topics to sell copies. The logo is not a good first impression of the game, which is a shame because its actually a really good game. I would advise the developers to get some stylized logo and artwork to move away from this.UIThe UI and main menu could use another pass to being it up to a decent standard, it does the job and even has rollovers to explain all the small details in the HUD that the game throws at you, but i would like to see it given the production quality polish it deserves.Path findingThe path finding of vehicles is not very good, they will get stuck on topography and do the classic forwards and backwards stutter trying to overcome the obstacle, while funny it loses its charm when RPG, 30mm shells and mortars are tearing up the other vehicles patiently waiting their turn to dance on the edge of a wall or a small rock.No MulitplayerTo be honest this doesnt bother me at all, i play RTS games exclusively for the single player campaign. But just to clear it up for potential buyers, this does not have MP.SummaryA great hidden gem (rough around the edges) RTS game that has potential to become a great series with DLC on the way. If you are a Armchair General, and enjoyed games like Blitzkrieg and CoH and wanted to see in translated into a modern setting, this is for you."
76561197978234327,Recommended,485980,30099758,Posted: 22 February,all,PsychoPigeon,"I read a lot about the Syrian conflict and have a love for RTS games similar to C&C/CoH/MoW etc. and figured I would give it a shot especially with the cancellation of C&C Generals 2. With no Multiplayer or Skirmish I wouldn't normally consider buying a game that only has Singleplayer, I gotta admit that it was probably the interesting setting that sold it to me. For a team of 10 people they've done a good job from what I can see, they've captured the setting really well with the house to house fighting, the soundtrack, variety in units, it all comes together.Some things that immediately stand out while playing:- AI needs a lot of work with units often ignoring commands, stopping for an unknown reason, shooting at targets they can't see etc.- Unit pathing needs to be improved, your units drive through walls and take all sorts of short cuts you don't anticipate.- The above makes the game feel clunky when compred to other RTS games, not very fluid.- No sense of how strong a unit is, you send squads of men and armour towards the enemy and hope for the best, I had armoured vehicles get destroyed by grenades while the infantryman throwing them survived multiple HE rounds and machinegun fire. There didn't seem to be much I could do other than sit there and watch the duel.- Voice acting is all in British and American accents which kind of destroys immersion but the unit voices are in a different language.I would get this game if:- Above all you have an interest in the conflict in Syria it really helps ignore the downsides because the world is immersive.- Want a quick RTS fix as there is a large gap in the market right now.- Played the Men of War franchise and liked it as it's very similar even if it feels less polished.I am banking on the developers continuing work on the game, however it's not an Early Access title so whether or not they continue to support it time will tell.Some suggestions for the developers as mentioned by other players;- An offline skirmish mode with a selection of maps would be greatly appreciated.- Multiplayer would be a great addition with the amount of factions fighting in Syria there's a lot you could do with it.- Would it be possible to release the soundtrack, either as a couple of Dollars DLC or put up on Youtube?Good work!"
,Recommended,485980,30529710,Posted: 15 March,all,jij,AMAZING game. Worth the shekels.
76561198011187706,Recommended,485980,31533888,Posted: 3 May,all,Yabbaman,"The game is low budget and the asset quality certainly isn't top notch, but the design is quite inspired and you can tell that the team put their effort in. Just to list some of the features present in this game and that I consider a must in a modern RTS:- Environment is destructible and impressively so (vbied included)- Cover system present- Soldiers carry different weapons with their respective ranges, stats and effects- Vehicles and infantry squads all carry different ammo loadouts that need to be replenished, vehicles also need to be refuled- Accurate building line-of-fire occlusion- Vehicles have damage states (ie ""crew member killed"", ""engine damaged"", ""fire"")- Vehicles need to be crewed and these crews bail out if the vehicle takes enough damage, they can also be ordered to go back and repair the vehicle when out of danger- Building have their interiors modelled out and infantry navigate these features as they make their way towards firing positions, it also takes time proportional to the building size (ie a spiral staircase in a mosque tower for instance)All in all a surprisingly enjoyable game. I am still early in the campaign and I must admit that the first couple of missions aren't too enjoyable or showcase the game's strong sides too well for that matter, but stick with it and it picks up nicely. In terms of features aiming to create an enjoyable ""realistic"" rts combat experience this game is way ahead of Wargame. I also like it better than Company of heroes, though the graphics certainly isn't as nice."
,Recommended,485980,31506364,Posted: 2 May,all,Vesperon,"Aside from the controversies that this game has, the game itself were surprisingly fun in its own regards with a simple and yet realistic elements compared to many other real time stretegy genre. The combination of both simple and yet realistic elements with a gameplay that are pretty easy to learn but difficult to master provide a fun and challenging gameplay overall. Every mission in the campaign from the first to the last packed in a well made scenario that are different from one another, therefore eliminates repetitiveness. But that doesn't mean it has low replaybility value as each mission has multiple limited time secondary task for those who are a completionist in nature or just up for the rewards that those side task may have.Like many other Russian game, in which they tend to be different compared to the west for their gameplay formula for the game, the unique formula this particular game has are not yet flawless. In some point of the game, the rough edges of the formula will visible in a form of various bugs, that for me personally really hamper the flow of the gameplay as player are punished for making such a foolish mistake. Although there are still various part that i would like to tell about the game, it is best to experience it rather than by hearing it. Overall, this is one of my favorite RTS title to date, but somehow i hope the devs will release much more content to it (including mods), considering the surprising amount of positive review despite the setting the game take place that led to it's controversies."
76561198029115086,Recommended,485980,32211067,Posted: 5 June,all,KrispyKremer,"A wonderful game on a very controversial topic. Even on the easiest difficulty this game is challenging and requires patience to play well. You find yourself using similar tactics to that of the Assad forces in syria. Its an amazing buy for 20 bucks, the gameplay is wonderful and the dialogue is cheesy lol."
76561198120548619,Recommended,485980,30086358,Posted: 21 February,all,Husaren,Great game with alot of potential!Would love seeing this game get like a skrimish mode and a multiplayer mode.A really like the story but i don't like that you only can play the campaign missionsWould give it a 8.5/10 in it's current state but i think there is some real great potential here and i would recommend this to anyone whos in to this sort of games!
76561198239982270,Recommended,485980,32690366,Posted: 23 June,all,Name,"If you like Blitzkrieg I, Sudden Strike, Men Of War... this game is made for you.Pros: Nice graphic, good game physic. Good old Real Time Tactic playstyle.Cons: Need spend quite some time to get through."
,Recommended,485980,30093684,Posted: 21 February,all,DEVO,"Good game. Hope there will be more content released, custom missions etc.+ Good variety of tactics at your disposal (most important thing imo). You can storm the terrorists, snipe them, use engineers to blow them up, use tanks / artillery, or overwhelm with fire superiority. They will come at you with plenty of AKs, RPGs, storm troopers,and suicide vehicles so you need to position your men carefully in order for them to have any hope of survival.+ The segments between missions are a nice touch (you can read the news/email).+ Units carry over through battles and gain experience.+ Geography/maps are quite good.+ Missions are lengthy and have a narrarative.+ Sense of desperation as your enemies are well equipped and numerous. They will use many suicide bombers against you so make sure your RPG squads are positioned properly.-Propaganda value negatively impacts the game development. (Only play as SAA)- Graphics are poor but whatever- No multiplayer, NO CUSTOM/SKIRMISH.... (WE NEED THIS DEVS...)- Vehicles behave strange at times, ignoring hold position orders (idk why)- No mission select screenI recommend this game if you're into wargames and have interest in this conflict. There is obvious bias but hopefully you are smart enough to discern what is questionable and what isn't. If you can't already tell, there are no good guys in this story."
76561198045430703,Recommended,485980,30127610,Posted: 23 February,all,Lion,"Brilliant RTS game, really captures the Syrian conflict in all its grit and hardship while fighting the terrorists of Al Qaeda and Daesh."
76561198015569520,Recommended,485980,31323825,Posted: 23 April,all,atreju,"Torrented the game first, liked it, bought it.+ realistic, no health bars, infantry may die on one shot, vehicles get their parts broken, a crewmember may die, but other will live and operate the vehicle best they can, missiles may occasionally hit buildings in the way. no base construction either, you go with what you have.+ it is not about democratic crusaders saving the world. You are in the tough, you just want to survive, and nowhere to go, and you are not generally a good guy, well, good to yourself, sure, but it does not imply you saved dozens of kittens because of your big heart before. It is just you and them. You will abandon civilians to save the troops, you will lose a lot of these troops (they have names, so you get to remember them, and when a surprise attack from the back wiped the building I stuffed with badly damaged units, killing them all, that made me sad) and carry on.+ tells a story.+ gameplay is good. I won't go into detail, for it is quite personal, but it is worth trying.- crashes oaccasionally.- narrators in Russian language make me cringe. English is fine.- has some bugs, like a convoy gets stuck in a heap of burnt civilian cars on the road. They never ruined the game completly though.-- unit pathfinding is sometimes stupid. Like really bad. When that half a second of unneeded turn would save your tank from a missile."
76561198018225124,Recommended,485980,34011389,Posted: 4 August,all,cbabula566,"Currently the RTS genre is full of predominantly science fiction and fantasy settings. Or another World War II strategy game. Syrian Warfare is the exception. No longer are you fightin Nazis, you are fighting Daesh, a.k.a. ISIS (Islamic State of Iraq and Syria). I will say it right now, the game's plot and lore have nothing nice to say about the West (which includes America unfortunately). But honestly I got tired of fighting Nazis and/or corporate mercenaries last year. 9/10"
76561198088938358,Recommended,485980,34720265,Posted: 3 September,all,Swiggity Swooty,"Great RTS game that makes itself stand out in a genre bloated with half-baked strategy games. The game has awesome graphics and physics that make it feel a little closer to the reality of the battlefield. Story isn't amazing but the game has so many tiny details that shows how dedicated the developers, which is my favorite part of the gameHere are a few examples of the developer's attention to detail:Your Syrian Loyalist forces aren't the only force your enemy is fighting. In some missions, you will see ISIS forces fighting Al-Nusra or the FSA which is quite cool as it shows how multi-sided this conflict is.Every vehicle has individual parts that can be damaged or destroyed. Vehicle engines can be punctured by small arms fire or rockets and slow down a T-55 or BTR-80 significantly.Infantry squads can mutliple different weapons and pick up new ones on the field. Don't like the standard issue Metis ATGM launcher? Wipe out some ISIS/FSA Anti-Tank squads and swap it for an American high-tech Javelin missile launcher.Another small detail is that rebel forces also carry western-made weapons like M249 SAWs, M4s, and Javelin missile launchers in addition to the standard Arab weapons such as the AK-47, RPK, and RPG-7.Overall, amazing game with a lot of detail and fun combat.DEVELOPERS: please add a skirmish mode or multiplayer!! After 36 hours into the game I am still not satifsied and would love to play against other players online or against the AI"
76561198023469312,Recommended,485980,31006595,Posted: 7 April,all,venax,"10/10 , would kill moderate jihadists again .  LONG LIVE SECULAR SYRIA AND BASHAR THE LION ASSAD !now talking about the game , it s actually pretty good , and hard , you have to manage the troops in every detail and if you rush too much you gonna get screwed mostly by TERRORISTS  SUICIDE CARS or their bmps , has some bugs but  in didn t encounter one that broke my game  . grapichs are crap but hey i don t mind since the gameplay is more important .so take your time , very steep learning curve .p.s : if you support terrorist rebels in syria don t buy this game , very pro SYRIAN ARMY AND RUSSIA  , your feelings might be hurt"
,Recommended,485980,30090311,Posted: 21 February,all,[MAGA]#TRUMP2016,Congratulations to the developers for having the courage to produce this game! Great work!
76561197984018275,Recommended,485980,32405093,Posted: 14 June,all,[RF]Nordace,"Fun game with some occasional graphical issues. The AI is, tolerable, but in certain missions where you might want to move your stuff with a gentle touch, like, through a cleared passage in a minefield, or while in built up areas, the AI can sometimes find it a good idea to go exactly where you didn't want it to go, when you made painfully certain to prepare a safe option. (and some occasional ""Let's turn the tank around, and back up into combat, because the stronk armor in in the rear hurrrrr).Apart from it, it does what it says on the tin, it provides a view on the Syrian conflict, thankfully from a little bit more on the ground, rather than the gilded halls of governments.This game has a lot of mechanics I really like, and is a good arcadey strategy game. (Akin to the old Panzers! Phase 1&2 and Cold War games).Oh, and the soundtrack is okay too for its price, same as the game."
76561198017167139,Recommended,485980,33750882,Posted: 23 July,all,Megumeru,"If you're looking for a GOOD RTS with a strong story (albeit controversial) topic, then grab this. It's not X-com hard, but it has that 'every body counts' feel that makes you screech in panic when the snackbar truck rushes you for an explosive entrance.Basic premise involves the story on the perspective of a Syrian policeman on the eve of the now on-going Syrian Conflict.If you're an ignorant snowflake concerning the topic or someone who eats up anything big media throws at you then avoid this game.Aside from the good mechanics, story, and game, in a way this game gave quite a reality check. As someone who majors in media and communications with a side of politics and IR, I can't help but smile at some of the 'feeds' that represents the west (in all its ignorance and glory) in the game. Props to the devs for this!"
76561198027875524,Recommended,485980,30220206,Posted: 27 February,all,Ramsay Bolton,10/10 Took me an entire day to cross a street in Damascus.
,Recommended,485980,32304157,Posted: 9 June,all,Pooka Hootycreeks,"Fighting al-nursa, aka ISIS-lite.Good to have a game that lets you be the good guys, go based assad."
76561198051897896,Recommended,485980,30158428,Posted: 24 February,all,Jester_Jex,Finally!!! a game that shows the real story of what is truely going on in my country and its super fun! SYRIAN AND PROUD!!
,Recommended,485980,30102600,Posted: 22 February,all,[95thNY Co.B]Pvt. FaceTheCheese,>when Assad destroys the last hospital in Aleppo 19th time this week(wtf i hate assad now)10/10
76561198022955574,Recommended,485980,31442293,Posted: 29 April,all,Yakumo Yukari,"Damm Good game, a bit like Men of Wars and more funsPros-Real-time Tactics, strong tactical requirements yet easy to master-Nice reflection on Syrian people and Muslim daily life, not just some Allahu Akkbar or liberal ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.-Decent black humor, had a few laughs for a while.-Good cover and ambush system, True-eyesight system. Make the game more realistic-No political correctness-Good vocal casting, for english russian and SyrianCons-Not so good graphic and poor optimazation, though RTS does not require that much graphic than ACT or FPS, it's still a down-side-Some glinches and bugs, typical Russian game...but not so lethal-Ugly UI, really ugly. UI can be simple but cant be ugly, u should improve them-Too many unneeded side info in mission briefing, it's fun but not useful, maybe can put them in another catalog-Game speed is slow, maybe can speed up a little for gaming experience (though now is more realistic)This joke really gives me a laugh""What kind of Arab am I if I dont have an RPG in my backyard?"""
76561198094440790,Recommended,485980,31177237,Posted: 16 April,all,ido.noach,"Fantastic game!Enjoyed it a lot... one of the best rts\rtt games that iv'e played ever!Tons of cool real world units from the 60\70\80's and so many types of btr\brdm\bmp! :)Sadly, many other games still focusing on ww2\robotic♥♥♥♥♥♥units, where this type of setting is much more intrestingWould really enjoy upcomings DLCs"
76561197994808356,Recommended,485980,30204368,Posted: 26 February,all,MAPA3M,Precise historical and geographical reconstruction of Syrian crisis. Up-to-date weapons and vehicles. Landscape influence the combat. The type of game where a competent retreat is more important than violent attacks. Winning by skill being short on supplies is a routine here.  Get ready to learn how the heroism of a nameless soldier change the course of battle despite death seems imminent.10 ATGMs out of 10.
,Recommended,485980,32567157,Posted: 19 June,all,rragh001,"Amazing and unique RTS game. I really love the different infantry/vehicle/tank/heli units. Plenty to choose from. Being reinforced during a tough mission is SUCH a relief. The graphics are actually quite beautiful. The destruction in this game is top, too.A real gem, this one. Very glad I came accross it as it has provided me with hours and hours of entertainment."
,Recommended,485980,31434217,Posted: 29 April,all,Radsoc,"What a surprise! I discovered this game by chance a couple of weeks ago, and it is a refreshing take on the rtt genre. Combines the best features from old classics like Close Combat and Sudden Strike but puts it in a modern package with a rich story. No holding hands, it's a pretty hard game. You will find yourself doing imperfect assaults with whatever troops you can scrape together, you will run out of guns and ammo, and you'll balance on the thin line between defeat and victory from start to finish.Easily one of the best RTTs I've played in 20 years.Minus:- Pathfinding can be sketchy at times.- Need gun line of sight lines and/or lower/higher zoom levels.- Heal/repair not complex enough.- No Multiplayer"
76561198007595818,Recommended,485980,30587335,Posted: 18 March,all,Acheron,"Welcome back RTS soul! I'm 36 years old and this lovely way of gameplay was in Dune, C&C, COH2 only. Except these all were alike, difficult gameplay, nonsense funny childish stories and units. This game is awesome, has variety of tactical vehicles, infantry is effective, explosions are strong and damage is realistic but doesn't make the gameplay difficult (By the way I'm playing with normal difficulty). You can make roadblocks with the vehicles around against suicide car bombs, you can use engineers effectively to place explosives ap and at mines. You can resupply your men with supply trucks, you can supply fuel to all vehicles, you can rearm your men with enemys weapons when they are killed, crew of your vehicles can get off and repair their vehicles, ranks are effective, units which survive the mission can be used in the next mission etc. You will surely like the game. Yet there are small bugs but developers will solve it i guess.What i expect from the developers is;-Pls make the game richer with more missions and,-Pls make the game playable with any sides, it would be perfect to play the story as Syrian, Russian, Opposition, Fsa, Turkish Army and even Isis! This would be the proof that it is a game and at the same distance to all (Except ISIS, they are terrorists for sure, but the war in Syria is called a civil war by UN as you know, there are Kurds, Americans, Turks, Turkmens, Russians, Iranians even Israel forces are hitting targets, whole the country is like a playground for major forces and this is very bad but it is reality). Making the game playable with the regime only shadows it as one sided game. And each must have their own story.-Pls make multiplayer available, i want to play it with my friend.-Drones, pls make some drones playable, this is war of drones.-Pls do not make any more changes except above because it is perfect already! Thanks a lot for the game."
76561198086726534,Recommended,485980,35140634,Posted: 22 September,all,Battle Cessna,"Welcome to Syria.You hate ISIS? Good, we all hate ISIS here. Here's some men, go kick their asses.The infantry not enough? Here, have some armored vehicles, some APCs and a tank or two. Nice.Aw sh*t, you forgot to support your armor with infantry pushes and you got your sh*t pushed in by ATGM launchers?Nah son, you can't let them get away with that. Here's some Russian dudes who are really good at kicking asses.Still not enough? Son, I know what you need. Forward Air Controllers. These sumb*tches can call in airstrikes.Airstrike that building. Again. Again. Now it's rubble, move on.Airstrike that mosque. The irony, I know. Do it again, though.Suicide bombers? Airstrike them too. Get martyr'd, b*tch.Armored column? B*tches don't know 'bout my airstrikes.Now roll in there and mop up. That's the way you do it."
,Recommended,485980,33402241,Posted: 9 July,all,«[OG]»Imperator RAD-X,"We all know of the Syrian Civil War that has still been raging for more than HALF a decade... still with no ending in sight. Thousands have been killed, millions have fled the nation in all directions. It all started when the nation of Syria was influenced by hostile Western Policies that allowed extremists to take control of over 70% of the country in less than three years. In Syrian Warfare, you are playing as the glorious and RIGHTFUL ruler of Syria; President Bashar Al Assad and his faithful loyalists and Russian advisors facing off against both extremist groups of Al Quieda, known as Al Nursa and the infamous terrorist group named Daesh, also known as Islamic State. Your job is to take back Syria, and it will not be a walk in the park. The game starts off when the Civil War had first kicked off when heavily armed insurgents started taking control of various regions throughout the country.This game follows a true-story first person narrative in its sadly small but immensly long campaign as you follow the Syrian Arab Army, local police, mercenary and Russian forces combatting the terrorist groups at every step. Like I said before, it will be no walk in the park as in most missions, you will find yourself heavily outgunned and outnumbered. The good news is that despite your lack of firepower and numbers, your forces in Syrian Warfare take up in skill and experience. Are you up for it? If so, then continue reading this review..._____Imagine if the games Men of War and Company of Heroes had a baby and it was set in modern times. You'd want a game that wouldn't take part in the Second World War or perhaps in a futuristic setting; you'd want a strategy game set to something that's happening Right. Now.Say no more, you have Syrian Warfare; a game that utilizes more of tactics, strategy and faithful but incoherent decision making as you progress through the game's play-as-you-go tutorial and campaign missions. The game features squad systems very relevant to other strategy games. However, the uniqueness in Syrian Warfare is that *EVERY* unit counts, as they are all equipped with very reliable albeit outdated Cold War weapons or items that will spell either victory on defeat on the battlefield, depending on how you use them. Not only this, but you will find that the lives of your soldiers are precious in every field, building, road, neighbourhood or street that they take their steps in. The reason being is that they cannot be replenished like in other games; you lose your men, you lose the ability to mount your operations successfully, which leaves you with very little options._____Vehicles in this game aren't major game changers like your hardcore infantry forces are, as they would be the tip of the sword in each offensive or defensive operation you will attempt to achieve. Vehicles are rare, especially tanks and aircraft. You will notice that they do utilize both fuel, ammunition and crew members to get the job done (for the love of goodness, protect your gunners. They are extremely important). Luckily, you can get vehicles that will replenish your ammunition, but even they have a lack of materials to satisfy you with. How you will utilize them will be completely up to you, but the higher the grade of vehicle, the more expensive they will be on your Command Point structure and how High Command will reward you your reinforcements for completing specific phases throughout your playtime.You will notice that throughout the time you play this game, you will be using tactics very similar to that of what the Syrian Arab Army actually uses through its day-to-day routine of taking back the nation in every step. A war of attrition is something that you will be utilizing basically 70% of the time (unless you are one of those people that feels really ballsy and sends your men on a suicide mission, then go ahead, run in there), and casualties are to be very much expected._____The diversity of units in the game is large, and each squad, vehicle, tank or aircraft has weapons and abilities suited for different fighting styles. You can even pick up lootable weapons from dead enemies (or perhaps, your own men?) and use them in your struggle as you order your troops to hack away at enemy positions, whilst also utilizing captured enemy vehicles and attempt to crew them with your own units to also help you on your merry way.The starter units will be of lesser quality grade but will get the job done the same as the others, just less effectively and without much speciality to their names. However as you progress, more units are unlocked but you will find yourself restricted in various sections for a mission setting. BE CAREFUL with what units you pick since you'll need to analyse the situation you'll be in carefully just by looking at your unit allowance._____The story is fantastic, you will never get enough of it as you follow through very true events that have happened throughout the years of the war. You will also get to see how ruthless the enemy will be if you fail your secondary objectives (THEY ARE IMPORTANT) and failing them will handicap you for either being too slow, or too reckless. Despite the secondary objectives being attainable achievements, they will affect how your forces are going to be equipped both within the same missions, to even the next one. Be on your guard though, some secondary objectives are traps, and you won't know it until it's too late so stay on guard.That pretty much covers it. Syrian Warfare is one hell of a legit Real Time Strategy that tells the story of the other side. If you have read through all of this and are very interested, and you are considering to buy it, I'll leave you with these two words: Do it.You *MIGHT* experience issues with running it at first, but just keep trying. Let the game get toned to your PC. I will say that you will experience a crash here and there but none of it is ingame related when you're playing, but mostly when you minimize from the main menu or in the mission selection screen.Roll out, gents, have a bash at this if you're up for the challenge! (:"
76561198160287948,Recommended,485980,31633319,Posted: 8 May,all,Piggyspark,"A challenging and sometimes tough, yet extremely enjoyable and dramatic game. Has a great replayability, too. Very helpful for those who question the ""official"" media point of view that is being fed to the ""civilized world"". Get yourself ready to see the conflict through the eyes of an ordinary Syrian policeman who has given his everyday life to fight and protect his homeland from Daesh. I highly recommend this game to any RTS fan."
,Recommended,485980,31661188,Posted: 10 May,all,Ellye,"This is a ""janky"" game: the interface is clunky and ugly, voice acting is quite bad, the presentation is really not a good point here overall.That said, this is a really good tactical game. Squads carry multiple weapons with different ammo, different uses, different ranges - and you can either micromanage their use of specific weapons or let the AI use at will. For example, you might want to save anti-tank rounds and forbid their usage when you're facing lighter vehicles, or you might manually order your RPG unit to fire at an unoccupied car that the rebels are using as cover, blowing everyone up.You'll make use of tactical manuevers like using smoke bombs to cover advancing troops, flanking, ambushes, etc.Quite a rough gem of a single-player RTT game."
,Recommended,485980,32184109,Posted: 4 June,all,sokakcocugu84,I have been waiting for a game like this after World in Conflict. Great game!
,Recommended,485980,30107376,Posted: 22 February,all,Horus,+ physics+ realism+ story+ SJWs tears/- BAD optimalization and performance
76561198128803815,Recommended,485980,33656941,Posted: 19 July,all,silcox.travis,"Buy itOne of the best RTS i've played in yearsPros:-Soundtrack is great,-Graphics are great,-UI is good,-story is good,-units can get promoted in rank due to their experience and if they live, can carry onto the next mission.-Some units can pick up weapons on the map that increase their capability. Lots of freedom of action to take different objectives that are given to you.Cons: AI Pathfinding is normal, but AI in general sometimes need micromanaging - for example with Tank, you can have your tank shoot and then you have to command it to take cover until it's finished reloading.You should take note- This game has some controversy due to it having a Pro-Syrian Government / Pro-Russian story narrative. The story ultimatly humanizes the syrian government / russians, that's really all it does.Honestly all-in-all this game was absolutley amazing, best modern war RTS i've played. I hope this company gets more funding to develop more"
76561198038283911,Recommended,485980,30542390,Posted: 16 March,all,s0uX,"Pros:-destruction and interesting urban warfare-unforgiving challenges and tough AI, your troops can be wiped out any second wich is realistic-long campaign with lots of content in every mission, there is some replay value.-interesting story-   lots of different tactical choices for your troopscons:-No skirmish at all wich would be amazing if it had,-sometimes pathfinding sucks-to many this game is controversial because of the syrian civil war but to me it isn't however people get mad about it.-you sometimes don't realize ur ♥♥♥♥ed until you have few soldiers left"
,Recommended,485980,30100607,Posted: 22 February,all,412thcadian,Best anti-politically correct game so far!!!would destroy every 'last hospital' in aleppo again. 10/10
76561198007916357,Recommended,485980,30170866,Posted: 25 February,all,Anon,"I am a wargame veteran and play most series (Combat Mission, Close Combat, Wargame, CoH series etc).Pro:+ good research on the setting of the syrian war+ feeling of desperation and how the conflict escalated (always on the edge)+ realistic rts mechanics + ammo, fuel+ every men counts & mistakes are punished+ tanks vs guided missiles+ feel the terror if a suicide bombers approaches your veteransCon- it is an rts, I personally dislike to time pressureI wish they would add skirmish and multiplayer, where we can choose certain decks (like Wargame: Red Dragon).This game will be a juwel, if it expands over time. More roleplay elements, individual camo, more units & equipment + Steam Mod support would be cool.It could evolve to be Company of Heroes on steroids! Definitely worth a try. The price is in my opinion fair, given it is an indie studio."
76561198116148340,Recommended,485980,31703963,Posted: 12 May,all,alexsuharev,"Quite a good tactical RTS that for once lets you walk in the shoes of people who actually fight the terrorists in Syria!The Good:1. Single-player only.2. Good campaign with adjustable difficulty settings. However, even on Easy the game is still challenging enough that you have to use your brain if you want to keep your units alive and make it through to the next mission (and believe me - you do, because when units level up they can shoot better and this is exactly what what matters when jihad-mobile is approaching your position).3. Slightly outdated but decent graphics.The Bad:1. Unit pathfinding is unbelievable, and not in a good sense. Instead of ordering the whole selected group to move to objective it is more practical to give orders separately to each unit.2. Choice of camera angles could be better.The Bugs:None encountered.Recommended."
76561198029677070,Recommended,485980,31854956,Posted: 20 May,all,Colonel Pepe Pinochet,"Great RTS game, no base building or resource farming, purely about tactical maneuvering. You get reinforcements when objectives are taken. Units earn experience and get promoted making veteran units deadly effective in combat. Furthermore your units go with you onto the next mission so it gives you more incentive to keep your experienced troops alive.Armour is devastating against infantry but can be easily countered by ATGM units. Vehicles and tanks have compartment damage modelling, so certain parts of the vehicle/tank can get damaged and destroyed such as turrets, engine, chassis.All units have limited ammo so you need to be mindful of this and plan accordingly. 7 missions in the storyline but they are quite long and challenging missions. Game definately rewards the more slower, methodical, cautious  approach.Thoroughly enjoyed the game, can't wait for extra DLC to come out.Would bomb white helmets again"
76561198346769932,Recommended,485980,30131083,Posted: 23 February,all,Lazerzz,"This game is great but I wish there was two more options for ""game"" multiplayer and possibly an editor like Men of war assault sqaud."
76561198007382295,Recommended,485980,31068148,Posted: 10 April,all,Bosoy Kitaez,"The game is brilliant, even though graphic is not amazing the gameplay is great fun! I'm not sure if there is a strategy game that I have enjoyed more for years! What is makes so special for me is the way that it makes you think how to accomplish each step of a mission, planning ahead and trying/creating/inventing different strategies each time. Absolutely loved it!"
,Recommended,485980,30164286,Posted: 25 February,all,frederickqiye,"The game is aimmed to feature modern small scale conflicts: city combat, convoy attacks, proxy war, dumb amoured units on the streets... and it nearly did it. Made by a small group of devs, selling at this price, I have no reson to give a thumb down, though I am expriencing unexpected crashes which seem to have no pattern to follow... It just, crashes from time to time and I hope the devs could fix it ASAP. The AI path finding is stupid, for amoured that's acceptable as the driver sight is severely limited inside BMPs and the early Soviet MBTs, but for infantry I will just call it stupid.Now for the plot. You play as a Pro-Gov police officer, experincing the WAR from his sight of view. The Gov is protecting its people from the unlawful, and sometime unreasonable massive murdering, done by the west-backed insergents. It may hard for the westerners to re-value their goverments as funders of a injustice force, rather than the ABSOLUTE LIGHTHOUSE OF HUMANITY AGAINST TRYANNY, but the ""democracy"" did ruined countries, as Iraq, Yeman, Libya and Syria fell, 470000 were MURDERED, only in Syria.They used to be able to work, lunch, take a afternoon off and play CS:GO with others from the US, Germany, India, China, Vietam and ♥♥♥♥♥ Land, but now each of them would have to bury an RPG in their yards, if they have yards and lives till he picked up one from another, dead slightly before. That's 22400000 RPGs in total.I'm not saying that the game itself is ""inocent"", it blames the west for literally EVERYTHING, trying to make the player think that the ISIS and the armed pro-Dem rebels are the same. Syrian government did pushed the protesters heavy, and I believe they did use police force against the protestants, which is one of the reason why the pro-Dems decided to over thow the government with their own armed forces. But if you refer to some ""massacre"", I'd like to put the example of Turkery, in NATO.I would call those who take the game plot by 100% without any disagreement ""Idiots"", your education can sure make you see through. If you don't like the game, please refund. If you don't like the plot, sure you don't. If you consider the plot as a threat to the modern civilization, I'd recommend you to read more articles than those from CNN and BBC, if possibe, from China, Russia, India, Middle-east... with care and you own critical think of course."
,Recommended,485980,31761585,Posted: 14 May,all,madflavr,"Unexpected. With its generic name and a little *too* relevant subject matter I assumed this game was just a cheap cash grab also-ran RTS (sorry devs). I'm completely surprised by the earnest storyline, competant gameplay, and real-world units and durability (many units will go down with a single bullet), this game is an awesome and timely RTS in a genre that is currently lacking. My only real complaint is the handling is a little clunkly. I've run into trouble selecting some units, especially those garrisoned in buildings without doing the broad, impercise drag-box style of selecting all units. Otherwise, this game has been a welcome surprise."
76561198084433681,Recommended,485980,33187100,Posted: 3 July,all,Sherman1945,"Unlike any other game, this game is based on events that are currently occuring. This game gave me a new perspective on The War in Syria. It gave me a perspective of the ordinary citizen who was forced to experience the effects of this war. This game is not arcade like or fast paced. It's war. At the end of the day, you will likely say to yourself (as I did), ""We need more games like this."""
,Recommended,485980,30128289,Posted: 23 February,all,lightbringer,"My police force is holed up in a building, a group of al nusra fighters show with a suicide car, a Rpg detonates the car and kills them all.Noice.+ physics+ realism+fun+ liberal tears+interface is clear/- no skirmish"
76561198033443675,Recommended,485980,34061656,Posted: 6 August,all,Zoot,"a brand new perspective of top down tactical warfare gaming, we were sick of playing games always based in western countries, not talking in any political way here, just it's what it's, the game is good overall, the graphics are decent and destroyablity of the enviroment is sweeeet..lacks some controling options and other things, would definetily buy SW2 if they make it in an imporved sequel type of thing."
76561198015500018,Recommended,485980,30092842,Posted: 21 February,all,Fuchs303,"Good day everyoneI played the original warfare and really enjoyed it, and syrian warfare is much better i like the fact that mortar teams was added. And for people looking for a good RTS look no further. graphics is also really good."
76561198106017982,Recommended,485980,30100716,Posted: 22 February,all,SpeedPenis,"Absolutely brutal, intense fun. I knew this was a good buy 15 minutes into the game. Definitely makes you do a tactical pause as one wrong move could get your vehicle support wiped out by rpgs, mines, or suicides bombers. A little buggy. I've had a few crashes here and there. And I would really like to see a skirmish mode. Other than that this game is pretty excellent."
76561197999416881,Recommended,485980,32840756,Posted: 26 June,all,Apocalypse,"I am shockingly surprised at how much I'm enjoying this game, and some of the features included in the game. I discounted the game at first glance, but I made the purchase after watching some playthru videos.Best way to describe the game is Combat Mission meets Company of Heroes. The realism of fighting from Combat Mission mixed with a much more fun UI and playstyle of Company of Heroes.Some really great features that include:a. Fully destructive environments. Watch as your 100m HE rounds tear apart enemy occupied buildings.b. Great soldier animations (jumping over walls)c. Squads can assault bulidings which result in...see d.d. Close Quarters Fighting and Melee (with kung-fu animations!)e. Outstanding combat mechanics that produce intense firefights.f. Realistic weapon ranges and ballistics damage (at least, it feels like it)g. Realistic fuel and ammunition loadouts that require resupplyh. Supply and fuel trucks have neat animations when they resupply vehicles.f. Damage models are great! Soldiers in the open don't stand a chance against machine guns or mortars.Only two major annoyances that I've noticed:1 - Vehicle pathfinding is poor, and requires lots of management2 - The voice acting is awful (really weird mix of accents- English, Arabic, Russian, and American)"
,Recommended,485980,33328404,Posted: 6 July,all,Mix73,"Sneaking around with my boi ""Press 1""He saw 3 enemy soldiersHe shot at themThey deadHe says:""Решенје проблема""But on a serious note:-The game pulls more to the blitzkrieg type of game to me-The game is a bit hard at some points-RPG-7 in backyard... <3>Pros:-The game is good lokin-The game has an excellent soundtrack-The game has realistic combat to some extend>Cons:-Vehicle's are useless,untill you get the T-72 and the T-90.-The pathfinding is a bit off-If you want a game like blitzkrieg set in modern times with modern millitary weaponry,this is a game for you*I will answer to any of your comments the best i can :v"
76561198179986066,Recommended,485980,30123699,Posted: 23 February,all,KingJoffrey,"best of the year.modern COH 2...we need more missions, more DLC's..."
76561198018476854,Recommended,485980,30120601,Posted: 23 February,all,Kifferkumpel,"Pros:- Interesting Gameplay- Cringe worthy propaganda- Cringe worthy one-liners (Allahu Ackbar, Are you a kufar?)- semi realistic battlesCons:- AI path finding is bad (example: tanks turn the back towards an ATGM after i ordered it to move 4m back and pointing its front towards the way he comes from --> result is a 360° spin and then it drives)- AI Artillery knows exactly where your units are though they have no friendly units nearby - results in higher casualtiesResult:♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ rush Aleppo comrade"
76561198011008165,Recommended,485980,33132502,Posted: 2 July,all,Phil,I can only recommend this game.Even though it's not unpolitical (which I do not care about actually but some people might do) it's extremely thrilling. Furthermore it's not your casual RTS game but quite difficult compared to most others I played. It's not like you have a whole lot of ressources even though you sometimes have quite some tasks to do which will bring you in situations where you really have to decide what do first(i.e. rescue some families from different locations or rescue reporters who wanted to report badly about the government and have now been taken hostage).All in all the game is a very solid 8/10 just becauseI experienced some (rare) crashesbecause the graphics might be a tiny bit betterit doesn't have a multiplayer yetit is quite short.Other than that it is an extremely good game which I can only recommend.
76561198103626671,Recommended,485980,30095066,Posted: 22 February,all,Laike,"Syrian Warfare is a great game.  I am thoroughly enjoying the campaign, and have played into the 3rd mission so far (on realistic mode).  I started it up tonight, and played 4 hours straight, taking a break to get something to eat, and take out the trash.  Unfortunately, I now have to go to bed...though, after work tomorrow, I will definitely be playing it all night again!  The graphics are very nice, and suit the game well.  It definitely takes tactics and strategy to beat the missions..you have to be careful where you move your units.  Smoke is effective, and should be used to screen your forces when moving.  The firefights are definitely intense and bring you into the game.Story wise, I find that it is very well written so far, and gives the player a good background on the conflict that is currently (and unfortunately) raging in Syria.  It draws the player in, and has given me more awareness on the civil war.I have had a few crashed to desktop, but, no bugs that have killed the game.  It can probably use some polishing in the coming weeks in that regard, but overall, I highly recommend it to anyone thinking of buying the game."
76561198152967361,Recommended,485980,33117030,Posted: 1 July,all,Dominic,"This game is truly wonderful.+It's one of few games that encourage the players to try different strategy rather than select all units and attack all in once.+The AI is amusingly challenging while not cheating. With right tactics, you could have bested your enemy quite fluently.+Very Strong sense of achievement after each mission when you saw how many enemies you eliminated while carefully protect your soldiers and warfare vehicles alive.This game is a RTS gem. 10/10"
,Recommended,485980,32700180,Posted: 23 June,all,ftstani,"This is an old school real time tactics game. There is no base building or resource extraction. There is only unit management and combat. The only form of resource management is obtaining command points, which are used for reinforcements.The user interface is horrible. Infantry appears too small while armor moves extremely slowly. I had a hell of a time keeping track of where all my of units were. I hope this gets patched or something because in really bad firefights the interface is downright unresponsive.Otherwise, this game is marvelous. Taked charge of Syrian government forces and battle various Western-backed terrorists, I mean militias, and fight alongside great Russian comrades.Slootometer: 0/10."
,Recommended,485980,34799786,Posted: 7 September,all,Spearmann99 \☮/,"This is an amazing game that showed me how good can RTS genres be. I love the troop management down to the fine details of armaments. I love how they allow you to save your units after every mission. This made me very cautious about resource management. Then, there's the tense atmosphere of suspecting enemy counter attacks and ambushes. It's just like how urban warfare really works.The story tell a promising perspective about one of modern history's most tragic war that has been ongoing for over 6 years from the eyes of an ordinary policeman from a small suburban town. Not a politician. Not a general. But an honest man who serves his country and wants peace to be restored through the unity of governance.To all the rambling armchair activists out there, heed thee words spoken by a famous revolutionist from recent times.“he who feeds you, controls you”― Thomas Sankara"
,Recommended,485980,30161925,Posted: 25 February,all,Olden_bread,"Is it good? It actually is.Pros:-Tactical urban combat with the ability to blow up buildings (although you must do a lot of explosive hits to do so)-Unit variety and need for saving up forces, no meatrush for you this time-Good story with well-written characters (but expect heavy sympathy for Syrian government)Cons:-Bugs-Too many stuff happening starting from mission 3. For example: M4. Save civilians, save old bros, heavy artillery from ""moderate opposition"", deathtrucks, the provocation for media from ""moderates"", aaaaaaargh. No time to waste, and incredibly hard-Plot warp from 2012 to 2015. It would be much better with the story about slowly losing ground to banditsSPECIAL ADDITION FOR ALL MORAL♥♥♥♥ AND BANDIT LOVERSCome on. Relic made Company of Heroes 2 on the same propaganda level as this game. Why didn't you screech about that? Almost any western game about war includes heavy affection for NATO members, why Russia can't have its own game? As for ongoing conflict, look for Medal of Honor Afganistan edition. So shut up."
76561198006566211,Recommended,485980,30198141,Posted: 26 February,all,El Jefe,Very cool game. Gameplay wise it's somewhere between Men of War and the Wargame series. Units feel authentic and the gameplay is harsh but rewarding and never frustrating to me.
,Recommended,485980,33693583,Posted: 21 July,all,Raiden Raiden 0 (雷電雷電),"Just finished the whole game in just one day.The game is really like you're playing in a reality...but logically, unit pathings and vehicular maneuvers are somehow stiff and tend to hamper...but they have somehow great tactical reasoning in-game....which weapon they're going to use, what and when to attack a certain enemy. And, in order to succeed in this game, you'll need logical reasoning, military sense, and tactical strategy.And oh, speaking of vehicles...it'll be great if the developers added the ability for vehicles to run them over and also the debris and obstacles that will either render the area impassable or harm infantry and vehicles when moving through it. But overall, it's a truly must-try, especially if you like logically precise and tactically accurate strategy games.And man, I feel different when I went into the shoes and the story of people and soldiers who know what is really happening in Syria through the means of this game. The truth has been told. If Syria ends up overrun by US-backed terrorists, it will turn into a slaughterhouse and breeding ground for terrorists, just like what happened to Libya, Iraq, Afghanistan.....These countries used to be independent and contented on their lives before Western influence has corrupted and ravaged everything about them. Plus, you can't rely on mainstream media anymore. They prefer ratings far more than the truth...just to manipulate naive and ignorant people.And oh, Assad needs to go? Nah. Probably misguided liberals and snowflakes must go.We will support wiping out Western-backed terrorists, mentally challenged liberals, democrats, snowflakes, Western media, and everything that corrupts and manipulates the cold hard truth.10/10 ATGMs and 11/10 BM-21 Grads, Technicals with MRLS, and TOS-1 for the content and story.""What kind of arab would I be, if I didn't have an RPG buried in my back yard?""^ Cracks me up every time lol. Best catchy quotation I've ever read."
76561197969954801,Recommended,485980,30203874,Posted: 26 February,all,Hendrix,"I dislike it when you find an early access game with decent screenshots, and take the plunge and it turns out to be absolute garbage and nothing like what you expected. Luckily with Syrian Warfare, this wasnt to be the case.The Developers are not overly optimistic with the price, its a comfortable purchase. Its graphics are reasonaly good, im not tooking amazing art, but its up there, what is really good are the explosions and effects. Off map support and the eventual deployment of armour and such adds a lot as you start to find it slightly labourous (in a good way) to tactically take over an area whilst trying to keep as many of your troops alive as possible (reinforcements are few and far between).The actual gameplay itself is refreshing, like an older style infantry RTS, but squad based in the sense that your troops are in groups. Troops have limited amunition too, and you can stop them using certain weapons (thus them taking buildings with grenades, favouring the RPG to the PK etc).The main premise of certainly the first few missions is operations in built up areas. you literally fight building to building, and once in, you can pick which side to more heavily defend. Almost all the vehicles on the map can be driven by your troops which is quite fun and makes deploying squads to the other side of the area much more speedy than sending your troops on foot.The effort put in to the movement by the developers is pretty top notch. Troops cross obstacles such as walls by scaling them rather than spending an hour going round them (that is, if they manage to find a good route) and as the buildings crumble under the effects of♥♥♥♥♥♥ shot and shell, they redeploy to cover, something ive not seen in any game before.The developers have done their homework with this, and you really get that sense of the Syrian conflict that we've all been seeing on the BBC since it began. On top you get a great strategy experience and one thats not been done to death like ww2 or Sci-Fi.  I'll post an update as I get more into the game!If you're are a proper RTS fan, then for the price you cant go wrong.There are a couple of negatives here, its a bit one sided with regards the story, the voice actors could do with a bit more training and the pathfinding it pretty bad to start with, but there is plenty of time!Congratulations developers, you've done a great job. Dont give up now, fix the bugs one give me more!!"
,Not Recommended,485980,33627191,Posted: 18 July,all,Etarnity Larva,"Terrible pathfinding. Vehicles absolutely love to reverse in the face of enemy fire, charge forwards to shoot at something that is already within their range, or prioritize attacking disabled tanks. Infantry isn't much better. You need to babysit more or less everything your vehicles do and pause every few seconds, or have it end in disaster. Don't buy until the pathfinding and AI is improved (which the developers say will happen)."
76561198031441283,Recommended,485980,30132401,Posted: 23 February,all,Warnoise,"I was waiting for this game because it is one of the few games that go against the current SJW Political correctness trend.Considering the price and the size of the studio, I was expecting a humble game that just wanted to raise awareness about the Syrian War.When I started playing it, oh boy was I wrong.I couldn't believe that I was playing a 17$ game.GraphicsDespite being a little bit outdated, the graphics are clear and the animation is smooth. The art style and the effects do a good job portraying a war-torn Syria.GameplayAmazing. Every mission puts you in a tight situation that require great tactical skills to overcome.Each unit has its strength and weaknesses and on top of that, every unit has a limited amount of ammunition, so you have to manage those well....Especially in long mission.MissionsVery well thought missions. Each mission is a narrative driven mission which can take up to 1~2 hours to finish. They have some random elements so there is a replayability value thus difficulty may vary depending on the situation you find yourself in.Cons:-some crashes which can be frustrating sometimes-Units pathing is questionable sometimes-Enemy AI is not smart-Some units don't respond to commands, you need to click many times so they execute them.-The sound effects and voice acting are below average-No multiplayer/skirmishVerdict:Despite all its shortcomings, SYRIAN Warfare is a solid title that not only has a surprisingly good story, it is also extremely fun and challenging!A solid 7/10"
,Recommended,485980,30180419,Posted: 25 February,all,SA_Avenger,"Only played 6 hours or so so far but here is a first review. So obvious bias aside concerning the conflict itself and how cynical one might view this game it's actually a rather good RTS.Pro- modern conflict RTS, lots of different vehicles- Suicide bombers keep you on your toe- Graphics are nice (destructible environment, explosions, lots of details) they could be better and a closer zoom would be a plus but still enjoyable- have to manage ammunitions, crew members, fuel, smoke grenades, cover...you'll be kept busy (or pause a lot)- Long missions (can also be a con) with counter attacks and reinforcements- Rushing will get you killed in a blink better plan your attack and take your time- Rare Light humor ('What kind of arab would I be if I didn't have an rpg burried in my backyard?')Cons:- Main voice acting for story is amateur but not too annoying either- Some unrealistic behavior with mortars- IA not the smartest but seeing that the game is unforgiving and you are usually in lower numbers I'd say it's ok- IA spots you as soon as you are in vicinity (no los management)- RPG damn accurate- one crash in 6h so far so not perfectly stable but okOverall I'd say IA could be a bit better, a multi game mode would be nice and a LOS management would enhance the experience. Also I'd prefer a campaign with choices as to where to go (and the way the missions are presented make you believe that it is the case but it isn't, no story paths side missions )Will keep an eye on the studio for future rts hopefully they keep doing a good work and offer different settings.EDIT: Finished the game and it keeps being good gameplay wise. Damascus mission is the most unsettling if you are worried about propaganda but the whole game is definitely russian POV so ignore if that upsets you. Considering it's a game afterall the gameplay is good, challenge is there, there are lots of different units and strategy element is definitely present (in some mission you have to sweep through the map in most a coordinated assault will work best, you WILL pause a lot which makes missions last several hours each after the first few). Got a few more crashes but only 1 during a mission so most do not have impact, still don't have much issues with pathfinding aside of one time on a small road trying to make a while convoy pass at the same time. Best rts experience I had in a while."
76561197983378517,Recommended,485980,33576024,Posted: 15 July,all,Braindancer777,"Awesome! I've been waiting for a game like this for awhile now.  It's a real time strategy game similiar to Company Of Heroes, Men Of War or even blitzgrieg.  I think this is a one of a kind though, in that its about a war that is still ongoing.  Anyways, It's well worth the money.  I""m going to go play now. bye.."
76561198005092823,Recommended,485980,35224548,Posted: 26 September,all,Mad Man,This is a great RTS game. The only thing I think it needs is offline play with bots. I have many RTS games and I would have to say 90% of them have some form of multi-player or offline skirmish. Only thing this game needs now is skirmish mode and I can honestly say I will play this game forever. If you are intrested in the current conflict check outLiveleak.comand click on Syria channel. I have been following this war since the first shots were fired. I follow the news about this conflict everyday... I support Assad kicking the terrorist butts and protecting the Christians in his country. Victory to SAA and god bless Assad for doing his best to protect his people and his country from the bloodthirsty animals.
,Recommended,485980,30548507,Posted: 16 March,all,CommanderRan,"Simple, its an amazing game. Its Challenging and keeps you on your toes, unlike many RTS games where you simply build an army and when you lose it its fine because you can simply build another one.Definitely recommend this as i played it at a friends first, then bought it because i thought the Devs really deserved it."
76561198062189304,Recommended,485980,31928777,Posted: 23 May,all,Saiviour of Recovery,"I heard about this game because they banned it, so was supprised when they brought it back. So i bought the game before they ban it again. The story line is something between C&C generals and Company of hero's. Game play is more like the first Blitzkreig series, you can lose your units pretty easy if you rush. I wish there was a single player skirmish missions like in Men of war. Otherwise pretty good game"
76561198031072009,Recommended,485980,30099246,Posted: 22 February,all,Olaf,"Too soon? Too recent? Get a grip people! This is a great wargame. The story is from one mans perspective and of course thats how individual people would view a conflict they are in the middle of. Stop the hate, get the game <3"
76561198103082240,Recommended,485980,30117709,Posted: 23 February,all,【HAN】falcofyc,"5 questions I answered in the forumQ: 1-What is your opinion on the game?A: This game is rather pro-russian than pro-Assad. I like R&U Videos (only for the Syrian part) so I am fine with the game settings. R&U :https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCeDSNa_VcvSPJNa9_Q3VkJQQ: 2-What was the hardest mission?A: 2. Every mission after mission 3, is hard. I finished the game on normal. I saved a lot during gameplay. In some cases one mistake will ruin your entire mission. Some mission is very hard in some period (for example. the early stage of Palmyra mission)Q: 3-What was the most fun mission?A: 3. Damascus suburbs (first showing video on the store page) is the most fun mission. The difficulty is well balanced. You can make your own decisions and use strategy to achieve lowest cost when fighting both ISIS and al-Nosra. Because they do fighting each other, I laughed when ISIS sucide truck charged into Al-Norsa's mosqueQ: 4-What are the things that you felt missing in the campaign?A:a. We should be allowed to play both sides, that doesnt mean we supporting al-nursa or ISIS by playing them. This is just a game, it should more act like a game.b. I'd like to see a coop or competitive muti-player campaign. War players should learn that the porper cooperation is the key to success in modern warfare. Coop campaign will make this game more realisticc. We should be allow to build defenses (dig trench) and modify equipment in this game. In the real syrian war both sides modify their equipment like adding steel plates on their pick-up or slat armor on their tanks/IFVs. We should be able add some weapons on a civilian pick-up and use it.Q: 5-Final score?A: 5. The final score is 8 out of 10. This game can have many great improvements, thanks to the subject matterThanks to @Warnoise for asking me those questionsYou can ask me more questions at:http://steamcommunity.com/app/485980/discussions/0/135509823663021204/"
76561197970709461,Recommended,485980,34559431,Posted: 28 August,all,ickylevel,"This is a light version of men of war with no inventory and no direct unit control but a proper singleplayer campaign.Unlike MOAS2 this game has a campaign which is interesting so it is a better singleplayer experience.If the developpers improve the mechanics of the game and maybe add a multiplayer this could end up being a more balanced version of men of war. This is not going to happen though as the team seem to focus on singleplayer with a dlc coming up. The singleplayer campaign lets you keep your units between missions and retrace real events of the syrian war so it's a plus.Let's hope the series gets better and better and gets a multiplayer and modding because what the developpers are doing with their limited means is already good.The game is a bit bugged at moment, I can't see cinematics as it makes the game crash. I have to skip them.Some saves are corrupted as well."
,Recommended,485980,34299520,Posted: 16 August,all,Crazycaptain,"8.5/10Slower paced RTS. If you like Men of War and/or Company of heroes you will really enjoy this. I forsee many hours of gameplay.This would be a 10 if it had an AI matchmaking system or multiplayer on top of this. But really, the singleplayer campaign is the best RTS campaign I have played in a while."
,Recommended,485980,31250440,Posted: 19 April,all,Noctum,Blend aspects of Men of War series with most things you'd like to see in a Command and Conquer: Generals remake.A really fun tactical strategy game. With some coop or multiplayer support this game would be amazing!
76561198043449085,Recommended,485980,31805318,Posted: 17 May,all,l2plur,"This game can be very challenging with its micromanagement and therefore not for everyone but a great fun for hardcore strategy lovers. A few minor bugs here and there,  but overall very quality product. Comparable to Wargame series, some things are betetr some worse. 9/10"
76561198022558623,Recommended,485980,31325640,Posted: 23 April,all,XyX,"Very good game, if people buy it, the developer will make a multiplayer and additional DLC."
76561198006780984,Recommended,485980,31411620,Posted: 28 April,all,edson_jr,"Very nice game!!!One major bug (shader failure that reset my pc) and no suport for 21:9 3440 wide screen (missing).Im surprised, tho, because its a very good old school rts, without the fails of multiplayer oriented fast pace games.Here, you can take your time and plan at the right speed ... nice damage system too!!!Im placing this game (after polishing and more content) almost on par with Combat Mission : Black Sea and Graviteam Tactics series, that are the best games around for a while (rts).Even so, the Syrian Warfare is giving me more fun, like old times playing SudenStrike and MenofWar.Indeed, a very good game! Congrats, devs!PS: theres many ways to tell stories and the history of the game isnt far than whats happening on Syria ... many can argue that its a russia propaganda but, whatsoever, everyone is messing there and, true enough, wasnt russia than armed fundamenalists that like to behead unarmed people ... so,♥♥♥♥♥grano salis, its a fair tale of the syrian side... war is ugly no matter what ... if it was about ukaine, lybia, iraq or dozen of countries invaded or place into a civil war or regime change in the last decades, no one was suposed to complain ... so, again, anoter star for the devs to face a hard actual topic, biased or not!!!8/10"
,Recommended,485980,31049510,Posted: 9 April,all,Funlёlik,One of the best tactical strategies that have emerged recently.
,Recommended,485980,33092947,Posted: 1 July,all,PolterJochen,Can't mossad the AssadCan't outplay the SAA
76561198072843371,Recommended,485980,31895623,Posted: 21 May,all,Igor   o7,"Are you an avid fan of detailed RTS games? Do you want to save Syria from the grips of terrorists and their sponsors? You've found your perfect game!Pros:> Awesome maps, structures, cover for troops and vehicles> Lots of different units you can command, with really detailed options and commands (eg. Use this type of ammunition, storm that building, move in this formation etc)> Solid graphics from an indie developer> Really cool story, enjoyable voice acting about a man named Anwar serving his country in the Syrian War> Realism that reflects the tactics armies may use in real conflict scenarios> The interface might take a little time to get used to, but is really nice after a while> Different difficulty settings, an Ironman setting if you really think you're badass (its quite a challenge!)Cons:> If you don't have a high-end PC, you may experience lag in large scale firefights, so set your graphics accordingly> Path-finding can be tricky if you try to click long distances for units to move to, but this is easily solved by moving them step by step (you can pause and give commands while paused)In all honesty, give this rad game a chance. CatsWhoPlay, bravo, and I will most certainly buy every DLC you release for this game. Menshaan Bashar!"
76561198019601544,Recommended,485980,31415655,Posted: 28 April,all,Aquilifer,"Destructible cover and buildings proper is all I've ever wanted to see in RTS, that is all.Syrian warfare has a classic RTS feel and graphics and very much reminded me of the RTS Joint Task Force from 2006."
76561197996342918,Recommended,485980,31327051,Posted: 23 April,all,Dron,"A good RTS game, realistic and quite difficult, which are rare these days."
76561198008371923,Recommended,485980,31567093,Posted: 5 May,all,whitetmobolize,"Wish you would work on a Donbas Warfare, that would be something else with a change of terrain. Otherwise a great game,  very tatical."
76561198030956258,Not Recommended,485980,33841848,Posted: 27 July,all,Giggles,"Fun game, but the terrible pathing really breaks this game at times. I'm on the second mission in which an enemy tank peaks out of this one road around a corner and stays there. I have to kill this tank so I get some RPGs on it and take it down. Then I have to guard a convoy.This convoy comes from the same road the tank came from.Now I can't beat the mission because the god damn tank corpse is blocking the road and the convoy is just stuck on the road and can't go around."
,Recommended,485980,30158068,Posted: 24 February,all,Alpha One,"Completely sidestepping all the ""b-but muh feelings"" political crap that is flying in the discussions, this game is actually pretty decent. A little high-priced for the quality but I really like the novelty of playing as an Arabic nation during a uniquely Arabic struggle, and the game models that quite well - most available squads are using forty year old Russian weaponry and vehicles, and while you outgun the terrorists for the most part they make up for it in numbers (as well as suicide bombers). The combat is a little disappointingly sluggish, but then again I suppose that urban warfare nowadays consists mainly of ""blow up building, but failing that just spray lead at it until you get lucky"". It rewards clever tactical movement, cautious and proper usage of vehicles and assets and it looks quite good. I recommend this solely based on the fact that it's consistently entertaining so far and it's hard without feeling unfair, which is a tough balance to strike.On a personal note I have to say that even though the story is extremely biased I am still impressed that a developer, in the day and age of companies being afraid to make things that might offend someone's delicate sensibilities, had the stones to make a game where suicide bombers are all over the damn place and even the ""good guys"" are forced to cut huge swathes through ancient cities to clear them out. If you're at all interested in international politics/conflicts or are just tired of playing as either America or <political strawman enemy #21521312> in your RTS games you'll probably like this one."
76561198057245944,Recommended,485980,33543873,Posted: 14 July,all,gopnik,I love this game so much; painfully realistic. Anwar is daddy
76561198132350669,Recommended,485980,35074477,Posted: 19 September,all,Liebynight,Very fun game only complaint is that it will freeze from time to time.
,Recommended,485980,33486118,Posted: 12 July,all,Knightege,"Not much negative things to say really, it is a good strategy game and keeps you excited all the way from start to finish. Not all games manage to do that. With various objectives and map designs you dont feel like you are doing the same things over and over again. Gameplay wise my only complaint is that there could have been a line of sight view for individual units. It is hard to guess what each individual unit can target from the top down view only. It especially becomes problematic for atgm units. Another issue with the game is story wise, it is okay but they could have toned the propaganda down a bit, it would have been better if they were more subtle.Overall recommended."
76561198021169037,Recommended,485980,31015142,Posted: 8 April,all,nk,"I can only recommend this game, realistic game mechanics especially regarding vehicles make the game quite challenging and fun. There is a large variety of vehicles and infantry units. Although some missions can be quite difficult at times, you are given a lot of tools to deal with the enemy, and its only up to you how you want to approach the mission. There are still some bugs, and ai pathfinding is bad so sometimes you have to babysit your tanks but i hope these problems will be fixed in the future, otherwise it is an excellent game, a true hidden gem."
,Recommended,485980,31694012,Posted: 11 May,all,theworldmoveson,"People keep saying that this game is like Men of War and World in Conflict, and there's some truth to that. You know what this game is really like, though? Really, really like?Warefare, by GFI Russia. It's almost *exactly* like that game. It has the same feel, the same unit selection, the HUD is similar, the screen between missions is almost exactly the same, hell- they even just added ""Syrian"" to the title.20 minutes of play time and its pretty easy to see that the reason this game got pulled from Steam early on isn't because its contraversial- it's because the guys that made Warfare probably screamed fowl.All that said, this is a better game that Warfare. The atmosphere is better, gameplay seems a little less clunky, destructability of the environments is way better, and so far its just a more enjoyable game. (Plus i bought Warfare Reloaded and can't get it to work to save my life even after contacting the developer so screw you GFI Russia.)So yeah, this game is without a doubt a rip off of a previous title, and that's cool. They did it just a little better from what i can tell. If you like this you might try Warfare, it isn't a bad game at all in my experience.(Just went back and looked at Warfare again... yeah the symbols above the soldiers, the victory screen, the way damage is shown to vehicles... You did them dirty, Cats Who Play.)"
,Recommended,485980,31678473,Posted: 10 May,all,SHALE,"Looks ugly, music are horrible, but supprisingly interesting, have a huge potantial to become a great tactical combat game, hoping the developer could add more contents, like multiplay or something.Good game any way, worth to buy if you like RTS!"
76561198068282134,Recommended,485980,31691046,Posted: 11 May,all,Sergeant of Your Dreams,"I never write reviews, but  especially for this game I made an exeption so its first and last. That ♥♥♥♥♥♥which is considered as gameplay is  so ♥♥♥♥ing wonderfull  and annoying the same time. Game is played enough good, but with these bunch arsehanded arab cops who fight against armades of rebels  with a million of conventions in mechanics and absurd tasks sometimes looks just ugly and made process of play epicly badass and dumb wasted. Last time I feel myself so mad and fun in R6:RS, and that really had disturbed me. Thats like american films Jackass, but it pretends to something like serios or realism and edge of wars on Middle East and even has some kind of drama, but it looks touchingly, if dont say ridiculous as old good C&C:Generals.And never, NEVER play it listenning Offenbach Can Can music. NEVER.So I highly recommend that for players who are familiar with strategies like Men of War, the spirit of this game is same as MoW yet it has much more simplier and effective interface of control, its just more stoned and insane.Or You can play it if you to like eat raw cactuses or washing in anthill or sleep stoned in bed with bitted glass or some kind of that."
76561198041745657,Recommended,485980,30097682,Posted: 22 February,all,Live,"Definitely worth the money just to give it a shot, it's actually quite a good strategy game. If you think you like the look of it you'll probably like it, it has a familiar feel to older games like Soldiers of Anarchy and Command and Conquer Generals. There's so much potential in games like this, it looks pretty good, sounds good, the theme is immersive. I haven't played for that long but there has been no major issues that I actually have a problem with. Buy the game and support these guys."
76561198027893577,Recommended,485980,30105433,Posted: 22 February,all,Ryan,"Finished the first mission and it seems awesome.  Not the most polished UI/Control scheme, but the game has interesting mechanics, cool damage modeling and vehicle handling, and seems to have a great narrative driven campaign. It's fun to play the good guys for a change.I would describe the game play as a blend of Men of War, Company of Heroes, Wargame, and the Close Combat series.Hopefully they add skirmishes or online play down the road or even add on campaigns or factions."
,Recommended,485980,30136536,Posted: 24 February,all,boom howard,Finally a proper sequel to Stronghold Crusader.
,Recommended,485980,33090067,Posted: 1 July,all,Canti,"This is a great strategy game.   The combat is very unforgiving, and the limited supply of units and ammo means your actions matter.   Unit survival can make or break your command in the next mission.    A good buy if you like Blitzkrieg 1 and Men of War style games.The best tip I have is to make use of as many enemy vehicles as possible.   If nothing else, you can trade in those obsolete tanks to increase your command pool.    And keep an eye out for supply trucks.PROS:-challenging combat-realistic need for resupply-ability to see effective range of ammo types-units react appropriately without micromanagement-the command point/reserves system-nice graphics-keybinds (if you like Blitzkrieg 1 style)CONS:-vehicle pathing is wonky, on occasion-the voice acting of story characters is mediocre, and skipping chat bubbles does not advance cutscenes-slightly politcal agenda"
,Recommended,485980,30536328,Posted: 15 March,all,Balkan Boy,GREAT GAME - THNX!
,Recommended,485980,31030283,Posted: 8 April,all,Cpt. Facetime,"Great RTS game, very challenging at times.A lot like CoH but based in the 2000's.Only downside is no multiplayer or level editor."
,Recommended,485980,30958803,Posted: 5 April,all,Noblezim711,"Overall a fun game, but would be better with a skirmish mode, and multiplayer."
76561198008954797,Recommended,485980,33871693,Posted: 28 July,all,Eclipse,Needs a skirmish mode and ai pathing is garbage but otherwise a fun game. You will not like it if you are strongly anti-Assad.
76561198007324689,Recommended,485980,31178970,Posted: 16 April,all,Chorak,Very enjoyable RTS that delivers a high amount of realism as promised. People dislike this game due to politics yet they don't have a problem playing Nazi Germany in other games. It took me about a month before I was able to play it but the developers were very approachable and helpful when I contacted them with the error messages.
76561198036795378,Recommended,485980,31597192,Posted: 6 May,all,maa2007,"this is a refreshing strategy game, it have its own way of game play which depend on choosing the right unite in the right situation plus deciding when and where your troops will be moving which makes a big difference, its both punishing and rewording at the same time, its easy to loose most of your troops if you are not careful what your doingand it does worth the price for what you get"
,Recommended,485980,31730493,Posted: 13 May,all,ustaritz,"Many people in the steam forums argue about the way the story is written. It's basically an argument between people who get their information from two very oppsite sides. Both have certain merits, and biases obviously.This game is russian made, and is set in the reality of the conflict plaguing Syria today. Should it be considered insensitive ? I don't think so. When Modern Warfare came out, it was clearly set in middle eastern envirronment, with americans battling the local army. While america was in the midst of the Iraqi occupation. Should this game have been set in a fictional war ? It could have for sure, but it would lose the main plot which makes it an interesting campaign to go through. So at this point, it's up to you to ask yourself, do you feel like playing on Assad's side ? Against the terrorist groups who took over the country, and eventually became ISIS. It's definitly not, a genocide simulator. It's mainly about about protecting people actually. If you can't fathom that might have happened in real life. Then you might not want to buy it. If you subscribe, or want to try and understand the point of view this game provides. It's definitly a good story. the dialogues are rather well written.Put aside the politics, and focusing on the gameplay. This is a medium scale, micro managment based tactical game. It is mostly based on positioning your footmen who come in various classes, to give them the advantage over the enemy, and keep them alive as long as possible. It's mostly urban envirronment so you will spend a lot of time setting yourself up in buildings, moving up streets one block at a time. You also have trucks, IFV, Tanks, and even choppers. If you had an unlimited reserve of bombs and tank shells, you could technically bring down the whole map. Buildings can come down and your garrisoned units will lose protection if they stay inside.Suicide bombers in trucks or cars can bring it down in a single blow and severely impact your mission.It's a very hard game, and requires to be quite conservative with your units,  picking the right units each time you have the possibility to deploy reinforcements is essential. Which might require you to restart missions or roll back as you can't predict what might come at you the first time.2 small RPG squads can make the difference between ending the mission with a final tank blowing up, or being stuck in front of it with the remain of your army stuck in a building, and the mission failing.The handling of units is nothing really different from what you might have seen in other games. Footmen can enter buildings, throw smokes or seek cover on demand, and also have different behaviors and formations possible, which you might not always use but they're there. Each units has ammo that goes down and replenishes using trucks. Same for vehicles, which can be repaired to some extent, and take damage depending on the hits. There are no health bars, they might get blown in a single hit from behind, or take several hits, it's up to you to position them properly. The AI can be a bit silly though.It's graphically a bit outdated, but still good looking. For the price tag it is sold for, i wouldn't ask for more.Overall, considering it's price, it's definitly worth it.Not have gone through the whole campaign so i can't speak for it. But there is no skirmish or multiplayer mode as of now though."
76561198066813128,Recommended,485980,31925075,Posted: 23 May,all,[2.Han.IR]DoomGuy,"An interesting game, to say the least. Very hardcore though, so if you are looking for a nice, casual experience, go look somewhere else. For the hours i have played this game, i have not encountered any bugs, which is a plus. The gameplay is tight and fast, so you cant slack off, ever. Although i should mention the campaign is centered around Assad's forces and their Russian allies, so if you are sensitive to that i recommend preparing yourself before diving in. The game has one major weak point, which is its combination of fast-paced combat, very hardcore damage models and realism, making losing troops extremely punishing, as you only get a very limited amount, and rarely get an oppertunity to reinforce your forces. All in all, if you are an a-political strategy gamer, this game offers a unique experience at a reasonable price. If you are a more casual and/or fervent Assad hater, dont bother unless its a sale."
76561198100162236,Recommended,485980,30530242,Posted: 15 March,all,gonzaloaog,"This is not a traditional war simulation strategy game, you won't have the possibility to gather resources and amass a huge army to take down your enemies.Until now I like the concept, especially how it manages the vehicles damage (and capture) and how some buildings can sustain more damage than others, the ""everything is destructible"" is very realistic. In general it's a game that will make you think twice before doing anything because an ill movement and you'll lost everything.It has some flaws, but now there's an update and I hope most of them have been fixed [edit: nope, they didn't fix them].Update, 12.04.2017The game's concept and mechanics are good, what I'm worried about is support and how the game has so many unfixed problems (after all this time after realease), I really hope the devs are doing their best to fix them because the community is fully supporting them and it's the very least they can do. I still recommend the game for the good reasons, but I start to get worried about the devs neglecting the necessary fixes to the game.Update, 28.09.2017After the updates done by the devs, the game runs normally (I already finished all missions without any crash or problem). It still lacks some features, as: skirmish and mission selection (if the player wants to replay a particular mission, especially for the achievements), but I still think it's a very good game, thus I really recommend it!"
,Recommended,485980,33067559,Posted: 30 June,all,Bug,"God, Syria and Assadصباح الخير سوريا"
76561197970655356,Recommended,485980,32708925,Posted: 23 June,all,Lex_The_Impaler,This game is amazing and i give high praise to the development team for doing something outside the box. Yes some of its a bit hammy but 90% of it is top notch. Highly recommend.
76561198118667569,Recommended,485980,30091263,Posted: 21 February,all,Stoned Kakapo,"""What kind of arab would I be if i didn't have an RPG burried in my yard?""10/10 game, needs some patching though, random CTD every once in a while but nothing major, gameplay makes up for it."
,Recommended,485980,30150873,Posted: 24 February,all,Chauris,Very good game :D I like it very much !!
76561198112241649,Recommended,485980,32000964,Posted: 27 May,all,Execute The Chavs Commander,Triggering liberals since the start. 10/10
,Recommended,485980,34162443,Posted: 10 August,all,shblovetruth,"( Below evaluating unaccomplished and being continued...)1. Games is Games, politics is politics, war can exist in politics world, but peace and harmony should always exist in our games community world.2. Games is just one of ways to express author's thought or sentiment , mood , emotion, etc, just like you write an article or draw a picture or play some music to express what you think, too. So, you can't forbid other people to express their any idea in any way, because people have their own freedom of expression. You can be averse to someone's standpoint , but you just cannot prevent them from expressing their own thought and emotion.3. If you really hate something, just don't buy it, just don't use it or try it out. You can't ask everyone to hate the same thing in same way just because you hate it.4. Why this game cause my attention? In fact , this game has a fantastic feature which I never see this on other strategic games. In this RTS game, infantry soldiers can walk into buildings and even walk around in the buildings and what more, infantry in buildings can automatically walk to one side of buildings which direction is incoming enemy units, due to its automatic, human players can just omit micro-management to infantry in buildings. I know this fantastic infantry behaviour must be supported by a good game engine, but I saw few of RTS games can realize this feature. This feature is very common in FPS genre games, but not in RTS genre. My beloved other great RTS games like Men of War series, Call to Arms, Wargame:Red Dragon, Company of Heroes series, all of them didn't realize the feature that can let infantry smoothly walk around in buildings. I doubt whether it due to their developers just don't want to realize or give up this feature or just their game engines can't support this feature? So, you see, if we leave aside arguing about politics or morality, we actually still can find some great merits of a game which can let us enjoy the game. In fact, while I was playing this game, I never think I am controlling real world Syrian army or terrorists, I'm just interested in those weapons and equipments and their mechanism. If you hate some of real world army or factions, you can just imagine those in-game factions are other real or unreal forces you like."
,Not Recommended,485980,30754537,Posted: 26 March,all,Hobbzillian,"My first review of this game was very harsh and frankly, went a bit overboard.So now that I have cleared more of the game, I can give an ultimately more fair review.I still do not recommend this game, but not because it is bad.Good:-The narrative is refreshing and mostly accurate. This is much closer to what actually happened than the spin and propaganda being put out in mostly Western media circles and Opposition blowhorns.- A very authentic war experience that rewards patience and careful planning instead of rushing in. Mostly.- The effects look quite good and really reflect urban warfare as best a game engine can.-Strong potential for more scenarios and campaignsBad:- It can get REALLY brutal at times, overly so. The Damascus mission is the standout and unless you can bring a Hind in to pummel the artillery from afar, it can be very frustrating. Even the lowest difficulty setting is tough at certain moments.- As well, the Damascus mission also reveals how ham-fisted the narrative is executed. There are a lot of monologues that insist upon you subjects that really do not need to be done in such a forced manner.-The pathfinding. Oh God, the pathfinding. This is something the developers need to fix as units run around in areas that I did not want them to and leave themselves exposed or worse stuck. To add, the collision detection needs improvement, so that units are not firing RPGs into their cover. And speaking of cover, I understand the intention of realism, but a tool top similar to Company of Heroes is needed, if only because I never know if a unit can take cover or jump over something and then find them running around it.- The bugs and crashes. The game continues to blink in and out when I start a mission and then blink out again to the desktop. Sometimes, I lose sound when I get back. As well, it does crash on me on occasion.Honestly, if the developers fix the last two, I would be more than happy to give this game a positive review.Until then, I can only recommend this to fans of this genre or those wanting to support the game."
76561198007272077,Recommended,485980,30691190,Posted: 23 March,all,ColonelForbin,great game**But it's also Russia & Assad propaganda**take it for what it is.
76561197971106348,Recommended,485980,33351823,Posted: 7 July,all,[A-01] Fallschirm Jagger,Great game!Looking up for the DLC!
76561198079111676,Recommended,485980,32776475,Posted: 25 June,all,TSgt. Henderson [2RB],"This game is hidden gem if ever i saw one...It's like a weird love child between the old sudden stike games and a Men of war game, lightly sprinkled with wargame(old wargame... pre Steel division wargame). the graphics are stunning the voice actinf it solid and for the most part (so far) the plot is strong.My only complaint so far is that it needs some form of sandbox.The inclusion of a sandbox mode would just complete this game, very strong and very unexpected game. dont let the controverial topic put you off from this under the radar title!"
76561198009903018,Recommended,485980,31656069,Posted: 9 May,all,Corwin86,"The game itself is pretty good however,, I requested refund because I literally lost miself during action!The RTS part of the game is really interesting, but the game suffer from... a really fast action speed!You can pause battle, but it's difficult to focus on all the results of your order and feedback for your decisions appear a little poor.Maybe, it's only that the game interface itself looked outadated and not able to follow and permit all the possibility of the game itself.Because, the story, the action, the simulation... all of these are nice and well executed.In my experience, I maybe had the same problems with 7.62 (another very good game with terrible control system and interface).In fact, also this was a Russian made game.It seems you have to ""suffer"" if you want to enjoy the game itself :)The GUI... it's a MUST, for any game.Overall, maybe it's around a 7/10, and surely could been more, without the difficulty to give orders and follow battles."
76561198059658961,Recommended,485980,30602752,Posted: 18 March,all,frybender,"When you think Company of Heroes is not realistic enough, this might be something for you.This game shows how strong and weak tanks and APCs really are, in an urban environment.One well placed ATGM hit an they are gone!Got 5 armoured vehicles? Two streets later they are gone, crew also...Lose an entire battle in under 1 minute.But seriously, this game is awesome.And as soon as there comes a DLC or next game along i will buy it.Especially if its as sensibly priced as this one.My advice: buy it, play it, scream at your screen trying to move your APC out of the ATGMs flight path, and enjoy.10/10"
76561198117219114,Recommended,485980,30979116,Posted: 6 April,all,Shilka Borhanku,Just cannot find words to TELL how much super it is.They need to make more missions :0
76561198020487579,Recommended,485980,31050214,Posted: 9 April,all,CountofMonteCreepo,"82A contemporary wargame were you play as the SAA. Made by a small russian developer that (at least if steam is a good source) has made two games primarily aimed towards children. The jump between that and syrian warfare, a game that portraits todays bloodiest conflict might seem odd, and my initial thoughts was sceptical.I don't regret bying this though, the gameplay is reminicent of the Men of War-series of games, but on a bit larger scale and obviously not world war 2. The setting naturally limits your units and your force will mostly consist of old soviet gear and vehicles as well as armored cars made in someones garage.The gameplay itself is brutal, quicksave and quickload was very frequently used during my playthrough and the missions require patience as you go through them. This is not, I would say, a RTS but a wargame. All your units can die instantly if you're unlucky or play bad. There is no basebuilding and you only have a limited amount of units to complete a mission. While the missions are well made, there is only seven of them as of now, and there is no multiplayer och skirmish mode.Despite this I think Syrian Warefare is a very made game, the only major downsides are that the AI sometimes cheat (it never run out of ammunition for example) and that the pathfinding is horrible at times.Something to keep in mind is that this game is very biased, it takes sides and doesn't try to hide it. All the enemy units are either Al-nushra or daesh. In some parts the game makes controversial statements to say the least. The game also glorifies russian soldiers much in the same way games like call of duy glorifies american soldiers.While I don't agree with much the game tries to tell and think it doesn't really present the whole truth I can shrug that off since the gameplay is good. If you think this is poor taste you might not enjoy the game, but its still a good game gameplay-wise, which far from all games looking to make a statement out there can boast with.In short, good difficult wargame with a heavy bias. Made as the events it portrays takes place which makes it very unique as far as wargames goes."
76561198008190810,Recommended,485980,31122248,Posted: 13 April,all,shelton351,Excelent game. Very challenging. Good mechanics. Requires actual thought. Higher degree of realism than other war games. Enjoy yourself and don't get bogged down by the fact that the game puts you in command of Syrian forces. Its a game folks.
76561198051923654,Recommended,485980,33029005,Posted: 30 June,all,✪ PANTHER TANK ✪,amazing game love itbit of men of war and wargame mixed with company of herosstill needs a bit of work but really fun game highly reconmned it
76561198008521147,Recommended,485980,33483050,Posted: 12 July,all,snowybiddle,"excellent game, reminds me of a modern day version of blitzkrieg .my first three goes at third mission i was hammered, untill i used more thought to what i was doing ."
,Recommended,485980,30092429,Posted: 21 February,all,Arnold Schwarzenegger,"So far, so good. I like the game. The ""Realistic"" difficulty is not that realistic enough and i like the campaign too. I want to see more good stuffs in this game and please make a Skirmish mode and Multiplayer/Coop mode. So i rate this 7.5/10."
76561198006112532,Recommended,485980,31990753,Posted: 27 May,all,tyroneemail,"Love the game, very good storyline that just captures you and forces you to feel the desparation of the protagonists to fight for the welfare of their families and defend their very way of life. game play simulates the deasparation of war and make you think twice about risking the lives of your soldiers in a frontal assault, because you will need their experience in the battles to come. Throwing away their lives like most strategy games may result in the victory of the battle, but the loss of future operations as you will not be able to deploy them when needed most."
76561198046001021,Recommended,485980,33263735,Posted: 5 July,all,CJE,"Great game for $13 (when on sale) and its nice to see the game combat the bias of the western media and their portrayal of the SAA and Assad.Pros:GameplayPhysicsMicro-DestructionStoryGreat Unit VarietyChallengingCons:AI aint the best but its okVoice acting at timesNo MultiplayerNo gamemodes besides main storyOverall great game, worth the money.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXmzBFyXvVI&index=3&list=PLK76mj00rmDXcgChc77xmmibgA5U5ybkO"
,Recommended,485980,30736494,Posted: 25 March,all,MonitorLizard,"Definitley worth its money.The graphics are pretty, the soundtrack is awesome and the urban combat setting make for an amazing experience imho.The game tells the story of the Syrian war from the perspective of a police officer becoming unit commander loyal to the government which some people might find controversial, I for one liked it. Everyone else can skip the dialogues and enjoy a solid RTS.The learning curve is very steep, something which reminded me of the good old, unforgiving days of the genre.The game lacks a skirmish mode for now, alas. So what are you waiting for, go and buy the game so the developers can afford supporting it further :)"
76561198120340593,Recommended,485980,34805111,Posted: 7 September,all,kchugalinskiy,One of the best tactical games I've seen recently
76561198208495667,Recommended,485980,30167977,Posted: 25 February,all,Nocturne,I'd prefer my soldiers not climbing over a wall under heavy fire. It will be better if there are more bgms and less bugs. Keep up the good work!
,Recommended,485980,30944091,Posted: 4 April,all,booflow,dont let any reviews on google turn you off of the game. people are bashing this game as it is a bit edgy and at times can be a bit more political than i personally care for but if you are simply looking for another solid rts to get your micro managing fix then this game will not dissapoint. its not particularly fancy or special in any way other than its mechanics. and one of its most outstanding features is it can be brutally difficult at times. however with that difficulty you gain quite the roller coaster of emotions. there are few rts games where i have felt the sheer terror i do when i see that suicide truck round a corner nor the relief when an rpg takes it out at the last second. this is one of the few games ive found which allow true cqc and for your troops to storm enemy held buildings which i quite like. all in all i would definitely recommend this game for the price based on solid reliably fun gameplay without an overwhelming ammount of bugs. on the subject of the story like i said it can get a bit political (understatement of the year) but its difficult not to when making a game set in such a hot button topic and it is undeniable that even thoughthe english voice acting isnt the best ever it does certainly appear as if they put a great deal of effort into the writing there is quite a bit of dialogue which can be quite funny at times (if you read any of the reviews below you will most certainly hear about the man who said what kind of arab would i be if i didnt have an rpg buried in my yard.) my biggest complaint about the game is the ui is a bit counterintuitive at first and even though the game has a specific tutorial page for when you should left click or right click to give orders it still seems a bot clunky and odd at times. also certain gameplay mechanics arent really easily understood or explaines. for example it tells you that vehicles have module health not flat health bars but its very difficult to find (if they exist at all) things like penetration and armor values for vehicles and weapon systems. that asside i would definitely reccomend picking up this game for its price as despite all its flaws its obvious the developers put real effort into making a great game and it shows.
76561198057556638,Recommended,485980,31308133,Posted: 22 April,all,Dawso,This game is hard as ♥♥♥♥ but god damn it is fun. It's quite realistic and offers one hell of a challenge.pros-you get to ♥♥♥♥ up isiscons- you get ♥♥♥♥ed up by isis
,Recommended,485980,33765220,Posted: 24 July,all,ﾌXaℕ,"Small parentheses ""Propaganda game. Think with your head.""I was looking for a modern war rts, and I was not disappointed.Realism about gameplay is pretty good. You will find yourself with limited resources, where each unit counts. Units surviving a mission may be used in the next mission.A slow and methodical game where rushing a unit into the enemy front may not be a good idea.At the technical level it is done fairly well, you can give infantry formations or close the hatch of the vehicles carrying the mg or ag to not let the gunner die. You can supply ammunition, refuel petrol, etc .. Small bugs here and there. Graphically it could be better. Average sound in my opinion.A rts to buy if you like the setting, this gameplay style or those who want to use a BTR-80 or a T-90 and enjoy it (google translate op)"
76561198031866950,Recommended,485980,30189407,Posted: 26 February,all,(4eD) Krutan,I like it..... pathfinding for vehicles needs some tuning but other than that once you see the 1st VBIED go off you'll be hooked lol!!!
76561197986604481,Recommended,485980,30682457,Posted: 23 March,all,Aleksei Raukov,"Excelent realistic RTS with good sp campaing. Missions are long, complicated and require good deal of time to complete them. My favorite so far has been Latakia mission where situation changes and operation becomes bigger throu mission. Game potrays in realistic way modern urban warfare. Also it gives us point of view outside of liberal media. Social media messages between missions are excelent and good jab on ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t going on there. Overall great game with good campaing. Its lacking any skirmish or mp but with this price tag its okey. I hope they expand game later to include reconquest of Aleppo by goverment forces. 8/10"
76561198027802238,Not Recommended,485980,32565004,Posted: 19 June,all,Stiglitz,"you need to reinstall an older version of physx before it will play on a modern comp, I was and am really excited to play this game but I refunded it until this is fixed. Frankly though the second it is I'm buying it again but it really bothered me that I have to uninstall the current version of the nvidia physx pack, dig into the syrian warfare files, install It's nvidia physx pack 9 then when I'm done update back to version like 20 or 200? not sure which one we are on but It's up there numerically, then I can go about playing the majority of my game library, It's messy and time consuming to need to do this, I had to google it because as soon as I went to launch the game after buying it I was greeted with a steam error for an hour that didn't even specify, was a problem. Again I will state that I think after watching gameplay and spending a few days considering, that this game is pretty damn awesome, It's just this little software problem that stops the reccomendation, and frankly if someone is good at software management by all means buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ It will probably be super simple to juggle the physx install's, I just don't want to have to do that everytime i want to play and then update to acces the rest of my game library that depends on the updated engine. I hope the dev updates this, if they do I will buy the game immediately and also change this reveiw asap, I just wish there would have been a reveiw like this one forewarning me before I wasted my time. P.S. not all games rely on the updated nvidia physx engine, but i think many do so I'll bet there are some who did not have this problem because they don't own any conflicting games. again i think this game is freaking awesome and I hope more are made like this, the negative reveiw is for implementation of software and what seems lazyness not for the quality of the game."
76561198036662065,Recommended,485980,30759271,Posted: 26 March,all,Hashash,"Finally a game that shows the true story about Syria, the war in Syria started when people chanted they wanted Islamic State rule and slaughter all infidels, good thing the Government of Assad stayed in power.Solid RTS gameplay. Reminds me of the 9th Company Russian game in Afghanistan."
,Not Recommended,485980,35505426,Posted: 5 October,all,Zandy12,"I want to give constructive criticism for this game. I anticipated Syrian Warfare and was happy I bought it and gave it go. Although many people on steam have given it a positive review. I, unfortunately, have to give a negative review for specific reasons:One, the lack of information and guides for this game. I barely got past the first level. I had no idea what resources we're needed nor knowing which ones weren't working, I had no clear idea of what was needed to do for the objectives and how to move on to the next one. I was able to progress in the mission only through trial and error. I was not able to accomplish anything strategically, rather I had to work from A to B to C. For example, regarding the tank fight, there was no clear answer on how to bring it down or what was needed. There wasn't really any room for moving about how you would bring down the tank, because once most of your men would die unfairly from the first few waves of fighters, your limited on your approach. The damage model doesn't make much sense either. For example, you can have a car's specific system broken down from any shot yet the units have a health bar and die after multiple shots. However I do enjoy the physics model for buildings in the game.There is no clarity on the use of the Interface. Although simple, there are no real adjustments or upgrades that can be made to obtain more ammo or a specific weapon for the mission. The interface makes it hard to micromanage which weapons you order your units to use. There was also a problem when once the units have taken cover, there was no way to get them running again, rather they were crawling without any AI to guide them until they we're shot and killed. It is very frustrating to know that most of the mistakes that can happen during gameplay are because of the fault of the AI. There is a skill experience model set for units. Where after some time on the battlefield, the unit gains skill. Starting off in the game, you have no skill, and I mean no skill. Your units shoot like they have no idea what they are doing while wasting limited ammo, fuel, etc. in which once they run out you have to spend time on obtaining ammo while using more ammo for cross-fights. There is no room in-game to delegate units the proper position because it made no difference skill or no skill, they are ineffective at anything they do period.Another thing I would like to see in Syrian Warfare is a time bar in which you can speed up time because some tasks you assign are time consuming and no one has the time to sit through a gameplay waiting to go from point A to B.Syrian Warfare has a lot of potential. I hope they can fix these issues, and then I will be more than happy to give it another shot. I hope this review was useful. For now, I can't recommend it to anyone. But again, I am only speaking for myself."
,Recommended,485980,31050795,Posted: 9 April,all,Denizprodutions,Just great game to test strategy at it's fullest ability.
76561198347711242,Recommended,485980,33658602,Posted: 19 July,all,Alexandros_K,"The game is nice but need a lot of improvement.I love the diversity in units but it's annoying and some times fatal when you order your vehicles to attack, they just drive to the anemy and then they get destroyed.developers need to add 2 attack options: 1 to storm anemy positions and one to shoot positions of the anemy.So I don't lose quick my vehicles when attacking, I want to command them effiecient."
76561198065146381,Recommended,485980,31151166,Posted: 15 April,all,PiggyBackBandit,"So uh.....this is kinda odd. On one hand it feels kinda odd to play a game about a war thats on going. On the other it is a well put together game that doesn't feel like its trying to be disrespectfull or make jokes. I should however note that the game isnt really anything that special. That's not so say its bad, but that is to say it's not doing anything all that original in game play that I havent seen in alot of other strategy games. The developer claim that its very realistic doesn't really stack up. Honestly I would recomend looking for another strategy game if you're looking for something new. But if you haven't played alot this one works well for the price."
76561198198888025,Recommended,485980,33562414,Posted: 15 July,all,MrSadHands,"First two times I bought this my payment was declined ""To comply with Government regulatory requirements"". When I called Paypal they said they could not tell me why but that I could contact the FBI or the NSA for further information. Third time was the charm though.Guantanamo/10. Would be placed on NSA/FBI watch list again just to spite them blocking my purchaseIn reality though the game is okay, I wish there was a meh rating. Controls are kinda ♥♥♥♥ed and english voice acting is dumb / off-putting. Would have preferred foreign language with subtitles."
76561198018810889,Recommended,485980,32828342,Posted: 26 June,all,dundas61,"Stunningly realistic graphics, excellent unit / vehicle animation, this RTS shows a great deal of promise."
76561198120374224,Recommended,485980,30103059,Posted: 22 February,all,cnkrglu,"I would definitely recommend this game to people who are into realistic rts games. If you are looking for modern rts and detailed city combats, this is your game.It reminded me World in Conflict and Wargame European Escalation but this game, in my belief, is utterly remote. Battles take place in small map scale and units are not produced from buildings just like World in Conflict. However, player can call reinforcements but they have to be deployed before the mission. They gain experience overtime and player can use them in following clashes like in the Wargame campaigns. Additionally, the game is challenging! Vehicles don’t have life bars but they have partial damage indicators so weak spots must be protected. Additionally, don’t expected them to blow up every time usually they get unusable. All units need to be supplied during the mission and you can’t replace dead squad members. Limited command point is available so player should look for economical usage. Enemies are well equipped and have vast manpower. They also have numerous suicide bombers. If you don’t carefully plan your attacks or defenses, be ready for mass casualties.Story is quite powerful and realistic. I had been waiting for such modern rts since World in Conflict. It totally satisfied me. I wish there would be a skirmish or customization mode."
76561198082955932,Recommended,485980,30930072,Posted: 3 April,all,Pblta4ok,"Very necessary and very relevant game. Fine and hard strategy. The storyline makes it alive.Thank you, guys. Bugs and game problems are a little sin in comparison with the overall result."
,Recommended,485980,30174114,Posted: 25 February,all,Klaus-Börje,"Edit: No, pathing isn't working as intended. Pathing is horrendously bad. Really, really bad.Edit 2: All over, and I want more! Final score 7½; the bad pathing aside, the game's seriously awesome.I give this game 7½ (was 8, still worth it, though) dead post-modernists outta 10. Reasoning below:Sweet setting, with an abundance of old cold war vehicles and equipment. That should be enough for everybody that enjoyed the old time boardgames that had a proper geopolitical setting. It's all in the balance, I suppose.There are those that complain about pathing, and I sort of agree. I -think- the devs tried hard to make sure vehicle crews and soldiers show some form of decent soldiership, in that they try to stick to cover or less visible areas when moving. Funny thing, I noticed that drivers will often drive beside the road, instead of on it to avoid the risk of 'clearing' mines - smart, very smart (I think. Could be just really bad pathing). Sometimes though, units will take the crazy-path to their destination. Assume that your units will avoid open terrain, and work with it instead of ranting about bad pathing.Treat it more like a boardgame than the usual RTS, and you'll do fine. Your soldiers will die easily if you go Command & Conquer with them, and your vehicles - regardless of type - will easily succumb to missiles. Keep their fronts toward the enemy at all times! Run squealing like a small girl from ATM's, or die! Keep your infantry hugging the dirt or in decent cover and they'll repay you by working hard to protect family and soil.The positive:The setting, with Warzaw pact tried and true equipmentKilling fanatics, real life varietyUnit voices while in the fieldPathing, when working as intendedCover and hiding systemPro-Assad propaganda (also some desinformation, but us old timers see through it)The negative:Pathing, when not working as intendedVoice acting. They shoulda gone full arabicWell... Pro-Assad propaganda. Goes both ways.Heads-up:Difficulty, if your unused. A few well-placed ATM's will stop your carefully planned attack dead in its tracks! Play smart, and be cautious. Use the most slick infantry to scout ahead, or place spotters at an advanced OP."
,Recommended,485980,30867335,Posted: 31 March,all,The Oracle,amazing game :) but devs need fix some bugs
76561197962678832,Recommended,485980,32136009,Posted: 2 June,all,Naserve,Great tactical strategy game
76561198411348472,Recommended,485980,35261908,Posted: 28 September,all,ROJNI,I love this game very much and wait for the update to come back to Palmyra eagerly
76561198070540460,Recommended,485980,32753881,Posted: 24 June,all,u_alright_mate,"Great time, only afew missions in, but I love the writing, and the gameplay is standard rts combat. good all around"
76561198033219868,Recommended,485980,30168602,Posted: 25 February,all,Crizly,AI is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥but the game has potential.
76561198021663281,Recommended,485980,30848985,Posted: 31 March,all,ab4daa,"Good game!Really appreciate this pause and order style RTS.It is diffcult.I ♥♥♥♥ed up many many times on normal diffculty, but player can save/load during mission. Very noob friendly.I really hope wargame series(made by Eugen system) have these features.(Edit: and the infantry behavior in this game instead of teleport building to building)On the other hand, this game has only single player mode and only one campaign, no skirmish with AI and players.Which is a little flaw.However the only single player campaign is good enough to recommend this game."
,Recommended,485980,32892782,Posted: 27 June,all,highnz,"First I thought it could be nice to play 10 min. a game where you are throwing the terrorists and so called ""moderate rebels"" out of Syria, than I figured out, it is a well made strategy game.Its nearly as a Men of War with an eye on smaller sized units,- you have an ammo count for squads- destruction of buildings- vehicles can be hit and damaged at different moduls- laying mines, throwing smokes for taking a position- hard difficulty- command point system which you can use to call in reinforcementsAnd it also has a nice campaign.The graphics and the pathfinding of the units are not perfect compared to modern games, but it is still a well made game.Only problem is, the singleplayer campaign is a little bit to short for 30$.But if you are able to get it during a sale, its perfect !"
76561197989197333,Recommended,485980,30642662,Posted: 20 March,all,Sergeant Roland,Pretty outstanding decent indie game. It reminds me to C&C Generals! The urban warfare in this game is absolutely delicious...
76561198346899843,Recommended,485980,32139824,Posted: 2 June,all,FreeMan,its great its like generals zero hour but without base
,Recommended,485980,30725030,Posted: 25 March,all,tenklop,Its very good. No handholding either which is nice in this day age.
76561197987831984,Recommended,485980,30207670,Posted: 26 February,all,Max Damage,I like the game. Looks good plays good. I would like to have multiplayer or more skirmish missions though.
,Recommended,485980,30198615,Posted: 26 February,all,Richard343,Great game but it still has problems with crashing and feels a bit incomplete. Hopefully updates will fix this.
76561198417712157,Recommended,485980,34825633,Posted: 8 September,all,☩REICH☩,"Good Game, I Recommend."
,Recommended,485980,30568825,Posted: 17 March,all,Betelgeuse,My video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=17lkdqoLt44
76561198035121603,Recommended,485980,30087519,Posted: 21 February,all,Mosley-Chan,"Very good game,with a great;GREAT potentialFor the moment they are still some bug or some weird thing , but we still at the day of the release , so it's okI really hope than the developer will make some Skirmish and Multiplayer modeGood Game,buy it if you want challenges and fun !"
,Recommended,485980,30742632,Posted: 25 March,all,Bullshit,"Great gameplay but the plot consists mostly of propaganda, the disgusting mind-numbing type. I mean white helmets blowing up civilians to frame Assad's regime? Really?  I wish characters would just shut up and let me do my job: clearing sectors and salvaging armored vehicles."
,Recommended,485980,30736670,Posted: 25 March,all,Zapek,"This is an excellent RTS which tells the Syrian conflict how it happened. May videogames enlighten people.Oh, and the music is wonderful."
76561198007014555,Recommended,485980,30085337,Posted: 21 February,all,RussianMew,"47 hours to finish the game...47 hours of the Ironman hell...47 hours of rage, sadness and pleasure...47 hours of calculating, accepting loses, micro-managment, venicles scavenging9/10 of ""buried PRG""s"
76561198095128627,Not Recommended,485980,32713040,Posted: 23 June,all,[M8B] Mr.HandPig,"I painstakenly went through the steam forums for hours on end in search of help on why the game wouldn't launch, as it just gives me a steam error.  I finally figured it out, I honestly do not remember how I did it as I troubleshoot several different posted mentions on how to fix it.Anyway, finally got to play it, already encountered some annoying bugs with the ai, such as units ignoring command move or units moving on their own.Pros-  Crossover between Men of War Assault Squad and World in Conflict-  Diverse units-  great physics-  great graphicsCons-  ai pathing is terrible-  bad ai command-  ai sometimes shooting rpg in front of a wall-  That Unity UI Button thoBottom Line, I like the game, but the ai pathing is terrible.  I heard that that their dlc will fix this issue.  However, if this is a paid dlc, then I will be extremely disappointed.  People shouldn't be paying extra money to fix these issues."
76561198023854720,Not Recommended,485980,31639730,Posted: 8 May,all,RockinRaoul,"I've only given it a half hour, but I'm so frustrated I need to stop already. The interface is HORRIBLE. I'm giving orders constantly and they are mostly being ignored.  Sometimes it's LMB to execute an order, sometimes RMB. Just selecting units and giving an order seems like a nightmare. I've played lots of realtime strategies and rarely had any trouble with the controls and orders like this. Not to mention that the Russian you see in the screenshots is the English translation, and things like assigning a quick key to a unit or squad (like 1 with Ctrl-1) is lost the minute they do something like enter a vehicle or building. I bought this on the positive reviews and I have to say if this is a good game, it doesn't show it in the first 30 minutes. Perhaps it just has a very steep learning curve but it doesn't really help much when the interface is so unintuitive and completely frustrating.  In fact, I think I'm not even going to give it more time. There are good alternative games out there that aren't designed to frustrate and annoy. I'm really disappointed in this one. TLDR; it sucks. Refund time."
76561198059604444,Recommended,485980,34852677,Posted: 9 September,all,[TRP]-TALON,"Fantastic game.  Basically Company of Heroes in Syria.  This game is really good in how it was built, the commands, formations, vehicles.  The map layouts are great.  The detail is awesome.A couple of things I don't like.  Your vehicles are destroyed by one RPG hit.  Makes it basically an infantry battle.   Other than that, its been great.As for the contraversy, if you don't like it, don't play it.  Just because you don't like something, doesn't mean you need to ban it.  History is history."
,Recommended,485980,32900333,Posted: 27 June,all,LordTurki,"I love the way how soldiers move into or outside of the building. arabic and english accent is rly bad need to be modified.There is no ON-line,  no skirimish no mod no noting, developer need to improve this game."
,Recommended,485980,30088609,Posted: 21 February,all,Lt.Chris,A small amount of time invested and love it!Buy it and give it a go :)
,Recommended,485980,30089863,Posted: 21 February,all,chinpowa,"This is my first review cause I never bothered to write one, but this game is really worth. A perfect mix of RTS and Tactical, with a deep realistic scenario, which is very historical and repeats the real events. And some dark humor. With the lack of good strategy games I wish more games like this."
,Recommended,485980,30110857,Posted: 22 February,all,Jambatti,"Very realistic modern warfare RTS (with active pause) simulator. No multiplayer, but campaign is decent in all aspects. Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,485980,30126043,Posted: 23 February,all,Yandem,ya i like
76561198044483151,Recommended,485980,30188080,Posted: 25 February,all,orangesareyum,Very good gameplay
76561198122595741,Recommended,485980,30212685,Posted: 26 February,all,[Pvt] W. Heinberg [PTF],"Great game, not easy you have to use tactics and plan out your attacks. Hopefully they will add a skirmish/multiplayer mode in the future so you could try out all of the units."
76561198305614991,Recommended,485980,30230883,Posted: 27 February,all,KillSwitch,Absolutely brilliant and fun to play. Very realistic and I hope too see more in the future from the developers like multiplayer.10/10 It is worth a buy:)
76561197987172823,Recommended,485980,30133784,Posted: 23 February,all,‡The Brigadier‡,"This is a good game the story is interesting keeps you wondering whats going to happen. I never played an RTS for the story ever. it was for the skirmishes base building and map editors. But this one was diffrent, nothing feels like it plays the same way, exept for the scripted events. but even then its somewhat different everytime.your choices define if you will be able to survive or not.For example you have soldiers in abundance but only 1 BMP that thing is your baby and when you act without thinking it costs you big time.graphics are nice nothing next generation i have all set to max and no complaints.the destructible enviroment is actual very good. everything actually crumples into peices and whole buildings can be taken down physics involved along with trees and telephone poles, the wires will snap if vehicles drive under them. nice touch Cats who play ;Dthe units selection is actually really diverse. i am only on lvl 3 playing normal. and i know their are all kinds of weapons squad units can pick up but in general this is it;-sniper team-assault team-rpg team-ATGM teams-and basic infantry squad (forget the name)for vehicles i saw;- T-55 with 2 variants- T-62- T-72- BTR-70- BTR-70 reinforced- BRDM- BMP-1- BMP-2- trucks mounted with MG HMG ATGM and grenade launcher- All sorts of civillian vehicles drivable- 2 diffrent transport trucks- Mi-8 (helicopter)- Su-24 (jet)and their will be much more i know.its a great ♥♥♥♥ing game it just needs an EDITOR for 20$ i thikn its fair gives us never ending fun with this beautiful engine.DEVs, please make a skirmish, online, and editor this is all this game is missing 8.5/10with skirmish mode and editor mode 10/10 no doubts."
,Recommended,485980,30214508,Posted: 26 February,all,mackenzie scott,"I hesitantly recommend this game.Major CONS are chiefly:> pathfinding is♥♥♥♥♥> user interface is unintutive, awful screen economy, some assets unfinished> general control scheme is clunky> literally no customisable controls, incredibly unacceptable for Anno Domini 2017> camera controls are♥♥♥♥♥ can't zoom in or tilt as much as you'd like> seriously arrows and INS/DEL/HOME/END/PGUP/PGDN is ♥♥♥♥ing Windows 95♥♥♥♥♥♥ get with the times and use WASD+QE rotateLess awful CONS:> graphics are Men Of War tier, detailed but quite dated> English voice acting is comically poor (barring based antagonist Wazir)PROS> ALLAH> SOURIA> BASHAR> OU BAS"
76561197976033069,Recommended,485980,30230588,Posted: 27 February,all,Digital Draftsman,"Playing very much like Company of Heroes and Men of War, Syrian Warfare is a solid RTS game; If you like the two aforementioned games then you'll likely enjoy Syrian Warfare.You take command of the Syrian Arab Armed Forces and defend the towns and cities of Syria from the likes of Daesh as well as other insurgents. The missions are based on real parts of the conflict, and a background to the events before each mission is provided through notes and a diary. If you've seen any of the news over the past few years you'll no doubt remember some of the incidents portrayed in the game, such as the Turkish Air Force downing of a Russian Sukhoi and subsequent rescue operation.The mission locations vary from open countryside, to towns, cities and mountains, all of which reflect the variety of places in Syria. The terrain really adds to challenge of each mission; Whether it's using sappers to clear a path through a boggy minefield, or taking advantage of the high ground to mount an ambush or carefully maneuvering a T-72 through the ruins of Damascus keeping your eyes peeled for rebels with RPGs, the maps really make you think tactically. There's a good number of civilians scattered across the maps, whether it's a family hiding in their home or a journalist who has taken one risk too many, you'll be rewarded for rescuing them and it's really satisfying bundling them into the back of an APC as your troops provide covering fire for their extraction. The environment is destructible and it's pretty spectacular to see the shear devastation as you bombard enemy positions.There's a good number and variety of units; The game features prototypical armored vehicles from the conflict including Main Battle Tanks, Artillery and APCs through to armored pickup trucks with a variety of mounted weapons, as well trucks and civilian vehicles; Though I wouldn't recommend driving through war-torn Damascas in a station wagon, but if your T-72 is in flames and you need a quick getaway, then any vehicle will do! The game also features air support including several types of ""death from above"" as well as aerial transports to get your troops around the map. All the usual troop types are included; Snipers, Sappers, Infantry, Assault Teams, Police, Mortars, tanks crews, vehicle crews etcI've only experienced a couple of bad points; The gameplay is a little clunky in places and sometimes the units will take an odd route to the destination you've set. I did experience the game crashing, but only during the second mission, it hasn't crashed since.The game is interesting as it's told from the perspective of the Assad government, so if you're from a ""Western"" country, as I am, it provides an alternative view to the war. It's fact that Saudi Arabia are one of several countries outside Syria funding ISIS and that the US along with some European governments have provided training and support to the Rebels as well as providing Saudi Arabia with weapons, which may have then ended up in the hands of ISIS in Syria and Iraq. Hopefully this game will inspire people to look at the war from a different point of view and research the war for themselves, coming to their own opinion of what's actually happening rather than just believing media outlets, all of whom have a bias, whether it's pro-West or pro-Assad. Hopefully the war in Syria will end soon and people can start to rebuild; It would be awesome to live in a world where war was only found in video games and not reality!Overall the game is pretty damn good and if you like Company of Heroes or Men of War, then definitely give this game a chance. Even at the full price of £14.99 it's well worth the money especially as it supports a smaller developer."
76561198003996728,Recommended,485980,30536146,Posted: 15 March,all,wanted31,AWESOME !!!
76561197985719035,Recommended,485980,30547190,Posted: 16 March,all,konterpeitsche,"Syrian Warfare is a great game.For tactical RTS lovers this is a no-brainer. It's way less micro management than e.g. combat mission series which makes it handy and quick to learn. Though every fight still feels brutally realistic due to long firefights, a great cover system, the realistic distance of any battle and special maneuvers that need all the player's attention. It's a challenging game that gives you time to plan your moves.Is this progpaganda some may ask? I don't give a ♥♥♥♥. Games is art and we have seen so many games that transport hidden political messages. It's just one point of view and you shouldn't complain about it. There is tons of other war games that would need to enter the same discussion.So, buy it - it's hours of fun and frustration at the right level of flow."
76561198030954256,Recommended,485980,30957780,Posted: 5 April,all,47andrej,Thumbs up!
76561198046438553,Not Recommended,485980,31730453,Posted: 13 May,all,0ndier,"This game has serious unit pathing issues. Basic gameplay mechanics which other developers have sorted out more than 10 years ago causes this game, in spite of its merits, to not be worth spending my time on... refund requested."
76561198195866415,Recommended,485980,31675420,Posted: 10 May,all,thebungiecat,Amazing game!
,Recommended,485980,30134180,Posted: 23 February,all,.:Celeaon:.,This is one of the best games I have played in a long time10/10
76561198107347974,Recommended,485980,31003753,Posted: 7 April,all,GodzillaAteMe80,Very interesting and pretty indepth. However try not to let polotics of the game affect you too much it is just a game. The game mechanics of the game itself is relatively straight forward but can be a little frustrating when you are just starting out.
76561198072532237,Recommended,485980,31970929,Posted: 26 May,all,LA MECHE,Best simulation RTS i've ever played!
76561198030997975,Recommended,485980,30112818,Posted: 22 February,all,Dan1911,Very in depth game
76561197972952536,Recommended,485980,30092291,Posted: 21 February,all,Gideon,I love that it is a continuation of the warfare games which I love. I will have to see how the missions go but it is the same engine and style so far.
76561197974511052,Recommended,485980,30531006,Posted: 15 March,all,Pan,Great RTS-Game! Hope there will be a lot of DLCs!Take my Money ;)
76561198079520593,Recommended,485980,30559918,Posted: 16 March,all,The_Leftist_Cucks,Very Fun Game Would Recomend
76561197984413156,Recommended,485980,30651840,Posted: 21 March,all,Liteit,"Great and challenging game.Didn't see such great RTS since C&C:generals.Totally recommended for all RTS fans.Difficulty scales insanely sometimes, but it's really a plus for me."
,Recommended,485980,31653711,Posted: 9 May,all,Nikitka_Tk,"Жалко, что игра короткая."
76561198006641555,Recommended,485980,32615458,Posted: 21 June,all,SZ8329,Good historicly accurate RTS :-)
76561198006652822,Recommended,485980,30549068,Posted: 16 March,all,B. Arner,An awesome tactial RTS. Love it.
76561198043485831,Recommended,485980,32344590,Posted: 11 June,all,ZORGOTH!!,Its lit
76561198068828379,Recommended,485980,30225423,Posted: 27 February,all,Strykong,this game is awsome
76561198081468692,Recommended,485980,30227241,Posted: 27 February,all,Voss,"Excellent game, Vehicle pathfinding is a tad off, but other than that it's amazing."
76561198046294875,Recommended,485980,30246783,Posted: 28 February,all,kerwinchris,"Even if a little unpolished this game has huge potential and is by far the best rts game made in the last 5 years. It's fun, the realism adds to the fun and you can actually employ real world tactics and strategy in this game. A lot of time goes into deciding if its worth even bringing a tank to the battlefield where other games are just mad tank rushes. Worth the 20 bucks!"
76561198054018604,Recommended,485980,31957720,Posted: 25 May,all,Jihad-Teppo,"Very challenging and fun game!Even on easy it tests your skills quite a bit!About the propaganda, well id say it has a slight bias towards Russia and Syria but that doesnt take from the gameplay!"
,Recommended,485980,30159037,Posted: 24 February,all,St. Erwin Rommel Of Heidenheim,Bashar al-Assad or green bus!
76561198019064136,Recommended,485980,30205113,Posted: 26 February,all,vodegor,Great wargame!Please fix pathfinding!
76561198047418291,Recommended,485980,30241612,Posted: 28 February,all,pgpkenny,"REALLY, REALLY, REALLY GOOD game!Terrorists attacking and suicide bombers, wow! So realistic, well I'm playing on realistic. Small scale, tactical combat, which demands my full attention.BUG REPORT: I viewed the credits page, on trying to go back to the game, it gave some kind of video error. I had to use task manager to quit and restart the game.GREAT GAME! I hope you expand it and keep up the great work so far. Thanks"
,Recommended,485980,30155514,Posted: 24 February,all,RedMonster377,"Long and Opinionated Review (probably with lots of typos)I just read the reviews, and saw a couple people complaining about failures to launch and crashes, and one guy in particular calling it garbage because his computer would freeze up. I just want to make it clear, I have a pretty outdated computer by today's standards, but I haven't had a single issue with freezing or failures to start, and it crashes VERY rarely. Only happened twice in my 17 hours. And I play on the highest settings and get a good, consistant FPS. It's not nearly as bad as the reviews make it seem. Also keep in mind that THIS GAME JUST CAME OUT, they're making plenty of bug fixes, the can see the issues. Now, to the gameplay itself, I personally think it's great. It can be a bit challenging at times, so i'd recommend saving game plenty of times during missions. I've also seen people complaining about autopathing - well guess what? The autopathing is fine. Obviously it's not great, but in a game like this, it's not supposed to be. There are mine fields and traps that you have to micromanage and navigate your troops around. If autopathing was perfect like some people want it to be, that would take that whole dynamic out of the game. It's supposed to be a challenge, but at the same time, everything is in your hands.I would definitely reccomend this to people who like strategy games. Simple as that. It's a challenging and enjoyable strategy game. HOWEVER, I would not recommend this to anyone who gets triggered by opposing viewpoints. The campaign is obviously VERY pro Assad (as it should be, if you clear your  mind and do some of your own in depth research on the war, you would likely be pro Assad as well, don't get poisoned by western media, it is clear that Obama just wanted to use the FSA to overthrow Assad, the FSA is horrible, but that's a whole diffirent topic). If the politics don't interest you, then good for you, the game will be more enjoyable.What would I like to see? Definitely a multiplayer with the diffirent factions. I don't know how likely that is, because the devs seem pretty dedicated to keeping it story-only. But keep in mind devs, if youre reading this, the multiplayer would not reflect what's really happening. The SAA will steam roll over all opposition reguardless of what happens in this game, and multiplayer is usually very fun in strategy games. Playing against another complex mind is diffirent with every match.My overall ratings;Performance and Stability - 8/10Visuals - 9/10 (the explosions escpecially look great imo)Gameplay - 9/10Story - Not done yet so can't rate (a lot of my hours were afk hours, I left it open and went somewhere)Ability to bomb rebel scum in the name of Assad and a better Syria - 100/10"
76561198257948811,Recommended,485980,30970740,Posted: 5 April,all,tyrone,no gas bombs/10other than that pretty good.
,Recommended,485980,30117722,Posted: 23 February,all,ButterLettuce (BANNED),"AI pathfinding is wonky most of the time, and the voices can get a bit annoying since there are only a few lines for the soldiers. Also lack of replay value because there is only a campaign and no other modes. The infantry animations are also pretty plain. Also wish that you could zoom in more and there was multiplayer/skirmish mode.Besides that, the game is great. Very difficult, excellent building destruction, Urban combat feels great, and the missions are lengthy.You can also safely fire on Al-Nusrats who are shooting at you from a building without international stories about how you destroyed a bakery that had 100 innocent babies and peaceful protestors"
76561197996210460,Recommended,485980,30223697,Posted: 27 February,all,Jerry,"Very. VERY good TACTICAL strategy.In some ways even better the WARGAME:red dragon.Minus - devs trying to show us political questions in game, but if not take that in mind game good and intresting.If you like games like Wargame, Homeworld, Soldiers of Anarchy - this game is for you))"
76561198030839650,Recommended,485980,30231517,Posted: 27 February,all,Smokie,"Good if you can get it running.  Seems very buggy and crashes.  Lowered settings and it crashed.  Unplugged speakers from tower and it crashed.  Playing second mission and it crashed.  Wasn't ""early release"" so I thought it was a polished, solid playing game... The gameplay is great though.  Graphics are pretty good.  Maps seem nicely laid out also, well for the first and second mission.  Hope they fix these crashes because it seems like a cool game.- Unit rank system which makes you want to keep each unit alive and gives more immersion.- Have to keep units supplied with ammo which you can use ammo trucks and you have to keep your vehicles fueled which you can use with fuel tankers.- Animations are great as you can see you people running through the buildings and using the rooftop to shoot from.  All buildings can be fortified and captured.  Different building strengths and different elevations for buildings.- Engineer units which can lay mines.  TNT (remote detonated), anti-tank mines and anti-personal mines.-  Different tactics and unit control like fire all weapons at target, crawling, running, move until engaged, options to stop unit from using certain ammo or weapon, unit formations, smoke screens, cover.- Use terrain to your advantage from elevations, hill tops, trees and everything in game can be used for cover.- Nice building damage.  Building falls apart and is exploded as it gets shot with rockets and grenades and suicide bombers.- Suicide bombers!! :)- Vehicle damage and repair.  Immobilize vehicle but can still shoot from it or sometimes weapon is damaged and can't shoot until repaired.- swap weapons from the battlefield and use them- Wide range of vehicles you can use from trucks to cement trucks and tractors- Real-time but you can pause, execute orders and unpauseCons:- Should be able to use multiple tank crews to drive and shoot a tank.  For example:  If you have two tank crews with one person each, you should be able to make them both go into one tank and be able to drive and shoot."
,Recommended,485980,33260358,Posted: 4 July,all,Mobius_One_Fox3,The pathfinding sucks but the gameplay more than makes up for it. As others have said this game has a heavy pro-russia bias. Very fun gameplay though. Challenging game so save often.
,Recommended,485980,30115124,Posted: 23 February,all,Mike Alpha Delta,"This game is legitimately well designed and is enjoyable to play. I'm strongly reminded of the Men of War series, only we now have a modern twist on it. It's refreshing to see a good RTT when there are so few on the market.Pros:+Control scheme is easy to understand and you are given plenty of time to figure things out+Relatively realistic modelling of weapons and armor+Pause button (AKA Za Warudo) is great for managing a large front or complex battle where the workload on the player is too heavy at times, but at the same time it's easy to abuse.+Lots of flexibility in tactics available.+Achievements that are actually challenging, coupled with some randomness and a ""command points"" system that brings some replayability into the campaign+Good graphics for what the devs were working with, the models are very well done.+Good performance; no lag+Challenging difficulty - even includes a hardcore mode that prevents you from save-scumming (trust me, you will be doing a lot of that if you're not careful)+Lots of high intensity moments in the game that play awesomely+Story is decently written and some jokes and stereotypes thrown in are funnyNeutral:+/-Personal issue: The rebel vehicles should have flags or other markers on their model that tell you which ones belong to the enemy and which ones are yours+/-Story has a heavy pro-russian/SAA bias, if you consider yourself a political person then I hope you agree with it.Cons:-Some elements like vehicle combat are somewhat RNG based and it's sad when two identical vehicles shoot at each other; in real life the one that shoots first usually wins, here it's whoever gets the lucky hit that disables the enemy vehicle.-AI and pathfinding can be pretty stupid at times, but it seems that's par for the course with strategy games...-English voice acting seems to have fallen short on, well, talent. Some lines seem to be read and not acted.-Random CTDs can occur, fortunately not very often.-Rarely trying to save can crash the game, and then the save itself becomes corrupted and CTDs when trying to load it. Hopefully this will be fixed.-Biggest issue right now is just a lack of content. As of this time you can only play the SAA campaign, there is no identifiable multiplayer or ""skirmish"" modes, no mission or map editor, but this is understandable considering what the developers were working with, and it's possible these may come in laterThis is a great game for it's rather low price otherwise, so anyone who enjoys real-time tactics games and doesn't let politics get in the way of their hobbies should try it out."
,Recommended,485980,30133809,Posted: 23 February,all,KurdishForces,"This game shows the true side of the war, as an american watching fake news rule the country, I actually like to know my facts.While this is a game, it shows the side of the soldiers who are figting for their country. THIS IS NOT A VICE DOCUMENTARY"
76561198015616957,Recommended,485980,31816202,Posted: 17 May,all,RJ,good game
76561198081499403,Recommended,485980,30533315,Posted: 15 March,all,SenorGast,"It's a nice wargame, pretty hard, sometimes frustrating.After hours of a hard battle, chasing a single terrorist, running in the desert, with a M-24 Helicopter was... funny."
,Recommended,485980,30570441,Posted: 17 March,all,lePepsi,"So much potential for this gem.I enjoyed it a lot, I finished the campaign.Where is the skirmish ? Where is the multiplayer ?Cons (but I personnaly don't care as I play for the gameplay feels) :- The UI could have been made by a child (no offense)- The voicing is amazingly bad, who could voice this bad seriously ? (no offense)- This is a weirdass story, totally not biased.. (jk)- The AI is scripted and dumb af - but the game is quite hard so it's fine."
76561198127210227,Recommended,485980,30578370,Posted: 17 March,all,Ghost recon,"Right so to start this off this game tries not to let the russians look better with what they are doing in Syria (as far as i can say i didnt really notice itA freind of mine linked me the game and after i saw the screenshots and the Gameplay Trailers i was sure to try it.So i bought it yesterday and i dont regret it it was worth paying 19,99€ for itThe game in itself works fine though graphics look a bit old an pathfinding of units is really bad, i like that you are  able to control lots of units that participated in the Syrian Civil war from regular police till the Russian special forces. The same counts for vehicles from technicals over BMP`s and BTR`s of all kinds and lots of Tanks from the Russian T- series though as i mentioned before their pathfinding is horrible.The game is really challanging at some points and you need to think before doing risky actions like storming a village in one building there could be an ATGM hiding. You dont have an endless amount of units in evry mission so you have to think twice about what you call.So lets draw a conclusion: The game for what it is now is solid and has lots of potential, though their are some downsights like the pathfinding of vehicles and so on i can reccomend this game for evry RTS player who is searching a challanging game the 20 Euros,Dollars,Pounds etc... are worth it"
76561197983444529,Recommended,485980,34453674,Posted: 23 August,all,stiink,Come on lets get the DLC on already....
76561198040164920,Recommended,485980,30531741,Posted: 15 March,all,British Bulldog,"great game,glad its back,it would have been a shame for steam to take it of sale.needs a few updates but shows promise."
,Recommended,485980,32804112,Posted: 26 June,all,LEONARDO,"Graphic, Audio, Gameplay, everything is good,Note: Play at least with Realistic difficulty to get maximum experince"
76561198117872958,Recommended,485980,30113593,Posted: 22 February,all,player1,"I recommend this game but only to people who like men of war (not the 2nd one).The Game is Nice to play. I especially like the graphics. The environment and the look and feel are similar to “Call to Arms”.The Negatives:1) The Camera has a tilt deadzone that does not let you see the horizon (Maybe the game does not have a skybox?) I hope this gets fixed sometime soon.2) The camera is controlled with the Arrows on the Keyboard not the WASD keys and there is no way to remap the keyboard.Overall it is fun but only a story mode. I guess a skirmish mode would have been complicated as you don’t want to encourage people to play as the unethical faction, but I like the capture the base and earn victory points style of game play."
76561198024501029,Recommended,485980,30599213,Posted: 18 March,all,CrazyFool,"Well, just played the first mission (took over 30 mins). The action so far is fun, but the voice acting is absolutely awful! Had a crash when I first started the game (I pressed ESC during the absolutely abysmal voice acting in the opening cutscene) but after that, things seemed fine. Can I recommend after just playing the opening mission? Tough to say. I enjoyed playing the first mission, and I managed to get through without losing too many men (just get in the police station and the mosque and job's a good 'un, and then lay down some mines to stop the suicide bombers). Couldn't figure out how to move the BMP, but maybe that was just down to me - perhaps I did something wrong. If I had a criticism, I'd say that graphically, it's not the best, but it's acceptable (I was playing on the high setting, not the very high), and the game itself may be priced too high - although I've yet to see how much content it has to offer.Early review - Yeah, I'd recommend it."
76561198008233990,Recommended,485980,30113179,Posted: 22 February,all,ocnuybear,"Good RTS game with gameplay similar (but different enough) to Call To Arms.lots of Micromanagement & Focus needed, but for example clicking  the ""take cover button"" the soldiers will automatically find the closest cover or double clicking let them drop to the floor instantly.You have limited repair to vehicles.Fuel & ammo also limited, but have supply truck to help you.Lots of mines so careful where you drive and walk - enigeers can see & lay them.Regular reinforcements with units building up rank & experience.Pathfinding is a bit frustrating, but game is fun overall."
76561198028296503,Recommended,485980,30573017,Posted: 17 March,all,Swade,i thought this game was subpar compared to what i thought it was going to be. cool concept had potential to be better than what it was. really i think just improved graphics would of gotten this game a lot further. would recommend if you can get past the C&C generals graphics
76561197969805534,Not Recommended,485980,34353257,Posted: 19 August,all,SCAGN3TT1,I played for 16 hours trying to like it but the A.I. killed the experience.
76561198030030425,Recommended,485980,31568081,Posted: 5 May,all,ŽČČŽŽŽČČŠŽŽČČŽČ,Good game and fair price.
,Recommended,485980,34788640,Posted: 6 September,all,JG54|NF2*[CN],Very Geart Game and We Need Chinses~~~中文化，中文化~
76561197994737067,Not Recommended,485980,35231162,Posted: 26 September,all,clarebear,"Too hard,even on the new easy difficulty level.very frustrating,your vehicles are destroyed by one rocket from ridiculous angles,and your infantry are wiped out by crack shots with never ending reinforcments and ammo ,while your troops have to be continually resupplied.Cannot be bothered."
,Recommended,485980,30090513,Posted: 21 February,all,Nox,Game came out way better then I expected.
76561197967495065,Recommended,485980,30104965,Posted: 22 February,all,AND,Nice RTS game!
,Recommended,485980,31637510,Posted: 8 May,all,TovarishchDoge,What is aleppo?
76561198004416036,Not Recommended,485980,34063632,Posted: 6 August,all,"LTJG Sketch, USNR","Refunded: I could not get it to work. I'd crash often.It certanly looked interesting, but it would always freeze on the very first mission.I did a whole round of troubleshooting. On the fith attempt, it ""hard crashed"" (restarted my computer). I had about enough of it.CONS:- No coustom keymapping in the game's options. The RTS controlls are very clunky, as is. For example, you can't use WASD to look around. There were several other things that made it rather tough to play. This would have also been a dealbreaker for me.- $20 seems too expensive. It's a very cheap production. My first impression of the main menu, and subsequently the options menu really drove this home. I wasn't suprised when it crashed.NEUTRAL:- The voice acing dosen't even attempt at being authentic. It feels like they used their voices as a placeholder and never got around to getting it done right.PROS:- For the little I've experienced, it has a lot of potential. I like that every vehicle is fair game, which makes it kind of an adaptive strategy game.OVERALL: Play at your own risk. But, the refund with playtime under 2 hours and 1 day after purchase was painless."
76561197996366594,Recommended,485980,30120299,Posted: 23 February,all,The Masked Man,"And although peace probably appeals to tree hugging bi-sexuals like you and your parents, I happen to be a death-dealing, blood-crazed warrior who wakes up every day just hoping for the chance to dismember my enemies and defile their civilizations. Peace sucks a hairy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. War is the mother-♥♥♥♥ing answer."
76561198007392338,Recommended,485980,30593766,Posted: 18 March,all,LuxembourgFuelStation,"It is like a combination of Wargame and CoH. The combination of strategy, urban warfare and survival is what makes this game so unique and enjoyble. however, it is not lacking in propaganda.The russian developers did a magnificent work with this strategy game. while the story of the ones who lost their life fighting for the SAA needs to be heard, the way Syrian Warfare dose this, is to my opinion, pure propaganda.The good:* Destructible terreain - you can destroy almost any part of a building down to the balcony level.* Logistics - every unit has limited ammount of ammo (for each type). keeping a logistics route to the frontline avilable is crucial.* Units - wide varaiety of land units. you can't just send the heavy tanks, you must cover each unit's weaknes.* Units ownership - if you capture a unit during the battle, it will be yours to keep until the end of the game or until it is destroyed.* Voice acting - for the main story you get several  VA with british accent while the units themsels speak arabic / russian. helps a lot getting connected.The meh:Air  units - are just not fun, airplanes are hard to the point of being almost totaly useless.Performance - loading times can be incredebly slow at large maps. at several points I expirenced very low framerate.Bugs - not many of these, but at some mission I had to save and re load to fix the mission progression.The bad:* Propaganda - the story is one giant propaganda machine, with lots of points about the being bad and such. feels like it was weritten by RT.* The minimap - ♥♥♥♥ the minimap, just ignore it until they rewrite this awful thing."
76561198132780231,Recommended,485980,30116193,Posted: 23 February,all,LM,Good game but fix the crashes and the PATHFINDING IS AWFUL
,Not Recommended,485980,30598317,Posted: 18 March,all,Volk,"Too many problems with the game to be enjoyable. Some issues are gamebreaking such as units not willing to pick up rpg units to defend against armor, to pathfinding errors causing major delays in executing strategies. For a strategy game these shouldn't even happen at all.Edit: And it crashes when you get through the bugstorm"
76561198040523494,Recommended,485980,31760691,Posted: 14 May,all,Lithium Quad,I wonder which expansion will allow gassing of civilians.
,Recommended,485980,30544509,Posted: 16 March,all,Hannarr,"Syrian Warfare would be more aptly named Syrian Propaganda. The pro-russian/pro-assad message of this game is as hamfisted as it is blatent, to the point that that it would only fool the ignorant and uninitiated. anyone with even an elementary understanding of the syrian civil war will see through the lies and fabrications, and those who support the assad and putin dictatorships would be nothing more than a choir being preached to.As far as gameplay goes, i'd describe it as lite hybrid of Company of Heroes, Ground Control and Men of War. it has features of all three games, but is not as good as any. That does not mean the game is bad. I quite enjoyed the gameplay and even found some of the propaganda humerous.At the start of a mission you pick units to start with from a roster of units from previous missions. the categories are infatry, civilian vehicles, APCs, IFVs, tanks, artillery and helicopters. additional units can be called in an scripted points during the missions and vehicles can be captured and crewed. Any units that survive the mission will be avaible in later missions. units gain and keep experience, however a wiped out unit will be lost. Fuel and ammo must also be managed and resupplied.Overall i would recommend this game, despite being a work of propaganda it is still enjoyable."
76561198093532672,Recommended,485980,30111314,Posted: 22 February,all,tommygun999,"Didn't expect this game to be well done, and unfortunately there are several bugs and CTDs, but as I can see devs are making patches already. For this price the game is really good, battles feel tense, you can literally see how war changes the once peaceful terrain. War is hell, and modern war with terrorism is something even scarier, with all these suicide bombers, radical zealots and power-hungry warlords.Additionally, authors didn't forget about crimes which were commited against Christians in Syria, thank you devs for at least mentioning that in the story.The game in a nutshell is shown in the video and gallery, so if you like what you see, you should buy it. Totally worth its price, even with current bugs, which I'm sure the devs will patch."
,Not Recommended,485980,30187103,Posted: 25 February,all,FogHorn,"hits just the right level of control of both vehicles and infintry.The game is really buggy though, i played through the secound level twice only for at the end to have the convoy get stuck on a destroyed car and never move again."
,Not Recommended,485980,32440264,Posted: 15 June,all,JunglePredator,"Syrian Warfare.I thought it'd be a decent replace ment for Warfare however... it may not be.The over all perception that it's politically motivated by news sites seem to be correct; it does indeed feel like it has a motive.So off the top it ""feels"" wrong.However beyond any perception to the author/developer's presentation there's the game itself.With an interface that looks & feels basic interfacing the game with the game is suprisingly simply albiet it seems almost too simple. There are no wasd controls & scrolling is done via the mouse. Most actions have the ability to select a key to get said action to be carried out by the unit or units selected. There appears to be no way to rebind said keys & there is no UI scaling from what I've been able to find.The AI also feels simplistic but is quite automated in how it carries out any actions queued. The automated actions work but could be improved with a bit of micro-management. An example is the engineers told to dig up mines in the first mission. 3 in a squad (why isn't it 4?) they will start diging when mines are detected... upon incoming fire 1 will return fire with their primary weapon while the other 2 continue to dig. Micro-management could allow for suicide runs of mine clearing crews for maximum speed etc.The main thing that jumps out for the AI is that navigation is... odd. It takes paths only a couple meters from hostile units, stops at odd moments & various other little things that one wouldn't do in real life.However it's also not a problem as the hostile units don't seem to always detect units travelling too close. Also of note for routing is that when it is working well it does actions that have authenticity too them. Vehicle leaving a building yard? 3 point turn. Want smoke in a certain area? The automation & navigation of the AI appears to be willing to climb a building to make it more efficient.Graphics. Graphics are pretty good I'd say. Enough that I'm pleased with that I see. There's basic physics to them, You can see things moving in response to units in the game. Soldier units are small but appear to be detailed despite the size.Building destruction in response to a suicide bomber was realistic enough, there's traces from gun fire to help with target location etc.Audio. Audio is a mixed bag. There doesn't seem to be any rifle retort or much of any other noise from the untis. Units answer commands with what I assume is a ""ok"" in another language.Voice acting is horrible. Most likely done by the developers themselves I can understand why it's not good but that doesn't mean I have to like it. There is, however, no stuttering words are spoken clearly & it is easy to hear story lines over in game noise. Story lines read like a random person given a script to read... poor presentation but not bad presentation.Music is uninspired and boring. I assume meant to be ""Syrian"" music it drones on in the back ground of missions seemingly very reptative much could be done to increase the music's exceitment or engagement to the player.Overall the game seems well enough put together that the $20 I paid in local currancy was not unreasonable at all (compared to say CI games who are over charging for the similar market introduction product) and the main put off of the game is that it does come across as political. It seems to assume the player's opinion on existing world conditions & feels wrong because of it. However being put off the game doesn't mean the work done on the game isn't worth the price. Off hand I find the pricing fair & a decent game. However it could be well served by some stand alone non-story missions. Or the ability to play on maps with out the story at all; just a collection of random maps with conquest style rules other games use.Final verdict is I can't actually recommend the game instead directing people to the better Call To Arms game (read my review on it on its whole attempt at F2Ping players), which while having its own noticiable problems, is over all a better game. If you are going to buy Syrian Warfare you are getting $20 worth of value out of it but be prepared for a few things that slap you in the face."
,Recommended,485980,30080698,Posted: 21 February,all,=O.W.L.S=Nercon,"When you grind your way through the city, nothing can help you, you are all alone. GG."
76561198205159481,Not Recommended,485980,31891870,Posted: 21 May,all,Pickle Rick,"This stupid♥♥♥♥♥game hasn't started up once without crashing. I've tried turning off all of my antivirus settings, but the stupid runtime error still shows up."
76561197983825178,Not Recommended,485980,31515645,Posted: 2 May,all,PIK (PIK_Twitch),"This is early ""Early Access"" nothing else....15 crashs and 2 complete new installations in 2 days, rly terrible, dont know why the reviews are so positivmay they invested some money in for good pr, or its just russian local patriotism....gameplay is ok and if that game would run constantly it could be a fair deal for this price, but atm its notdont buy this **** until its working+++ Add after 30h gameplay +++after the new patch its working most time for me without crashing nowquicksave still broken, but without using it, it works for menow im able to say something about the game^^positiv:+ cool gun and explosive physics, feels realistic when you blow up complete buildings for clearing it from enemy foottroops with tankshots or arti etc+ gunfire at all is made much more realistic then in most other games+ troopsystem with small squads+ cammandpoints which you can use for better troops in the next missions, do a good job and you get stronger troops in future+ levelsystem for troopunits, skill your units over multiple missions and make them stronger over timenegativ:- pathfinding of troops, there is now function for waypoints and the ai-pathfinding is to stupid itself, so you have to click the movements step by step, otherwise your troops running possible into their death- 100% scripted missions and campaign, everything inside missions is allready scripted, you only triggering the events like enemy ""strike backs"" etc.- enemy ai is to low at all, there is no enemy reaction for weak points in your troop setup- savegame loading takes much to long, got 32gb ram, and the game is using 2gb of it, 32bit game in 2017 =( so im sitting there and im waiting while the game is loading 2gb from ssd to ram each time im loading a savegame.....So whats to say, would i buy this game again? mhh i dont think so, I bought it on steam for 20 bugs. For these 20 bugs you get a game thats in early access without telling you before you buy it. The gunfights are rly fun but all the scripted stuff ruining that feature. Play a mission more than 2 time and its just boring, no longtime motivation.So everything you get is a scripted singleplayergame without any multiplayer or modsupport."
76561198003513557,Not Recommended,485980,31831125,Posted: 18 May,all,Rick,Good game but bugs preveent you from advancing at times.  If fix will be a positive.Finish mission and does not advance. Graphics great though
,Not Recommended,485980,34472127,Posted: 24 August,all,SSgt. Veld [29ID],"Syrian Warfare pretty much is Men Of War light, meaning, there is no Direct Control, can't mess around with a soldier's/vehicle's inventory, this makes the game allot harder, because the A.I in this game is just absolutely stupid, and this could have been fixed with Direct Control. I also found out that tank's pretty much can see through entire buildings and walls. There is also NO Skirmish mode, no mission maker, and no multiplayer at all. You are better off with Men Of War: Assault Squad 2."
,Not Recommended,485980,32953980,Posted: 28 June,all,MECTb_3A_DEDOB,"It's almost 2018, still no mission editor. Game resources are under password.Even Warfare is better now than it's successor.I regret bying this game so much. If I could now that the devs will♥♥♥♥♥♥on game editor."
76561198008711063,Not Recommended,485980,30992205,Posted: 6 April,all,Lucky Lovelace,"This game won't start.... I've gotten pretty far into it. Sucks because it just got good. The game says ""missing executable"" when I try to launch it."
,Not Recommended,485980,31485790,Posted: 1 May,all,Pr.Nutbutter,"The Physics are great, but it's mostly just boring. Needs Skirmish."
76561198024921974,Not Recommended,485980,30134205,Posted: 23 February,all,VIRTUS1991,"Control is unclear.Vehicle path finding is suck,My ♥♥♥♥ing convoy stuck on road blocked by cilivian car"
76561198020265948,Not Recommended,485980,30203231,Posted: 26 February,all,jsmxiii,"It looks a bit frumpy but that is not the main issue.Politics are firmly in the Syrian Government-Russia camp.But then again we hardly go to RTS for insightful commentary.The main issue is the Pathfinding is broken which can lead to missions being incompletable.Units at times stretch over half the map and behave strangely when one tries to maneuver them.As it is now this game is a beta, but not a playable game"
76561197992307676,Not Recommended,485980,30177446,Posted: 25 February,all,CPT French Fries,"I want to love this game. I really do, but in this state it is mediocre at best. Things don't make sense. RPGs do not have pinpoint accuracy, they also do not curve like they do in this game. In a recent mission I had two tanks and 4 AT squads against a single tank. His kept getting damaged, while each one of mine was destroyed with pinpoint shots and my RPGs pinged off him. Then he took out the AT squads. Mortars are fired with unnerving accuracy with no spotters. Pathinfinding is terrible. Instead of going in a straight line, troops will zig zag jumping over fence after fence. Often I see one single guy from a squad just run off on his own, towards the enemy and nothing can call him back. He eventually will die every time. Supply trucks will drive in circles after telling them to deploy, only finally doing it after ordering 6 times to stop. There needs to be a ""back up"" command like in CoH as units will decide to turn around offering the weakest armor point to the enemy when trying to leave a battle. Or they will just stop altogther and refuse to move. I hope they continue to update this game, as it has amazing potential!"
76561198080161494,Not Recommended,485980,31196328,Posted: 17 April,all,C0MM4ND0,"I cant even open the game it just doesnt open, so its pretty ♥♥♥♥ed."
,Not Recommended,485980,32711155,Posted: 23 June,all,IICockroachII,"I have to agree with what Biggest Oinker of Them All said: ""Less responsive than my dead grandfather""mouse feels floaty, need to kill the process to close the game. Game crashed on first start up, moaning about a corrupted display device.Not recommended until they bring the game out of early access, because that's what it is at this point.Update: I refunded this game, absolute garbage game. Not worth anyones time."
76561198039748321,Not Recommended,485980,30088909,Posted: 21 February,all,Volatile_Potato,"For the price on Sale OK. But meh, very promising game but AI letrs it down. Maybe the Devs should subcontract the AI to a AI specialised company."
76561198217586369,Not Recommended,485980,30876815,Posted: 1 April,all,esik81,this game no working som problem with steam.....
76561197999888759,Not Recommended,485980,30139085,Posted: 24 February,all,fish,"This game is ok, but contains a disturbing amount of pro-Syrian propaganda. It substantially misrepresents the nature of the conflict and the actors within it. And it's blatantly obvious that the entire point of the game is to push a pro-Syrian viewpoint once you start it. There's a huge amount of poorly written and poorly voiced content with that goal and that goal alone. At one point your character's ♥♥♥♥ing grandma calls you. Why? So that she can warn you of tanks attacking before the government then calls you and warns you about tanks attacking. You'll also spend thirty minutes in the first mission playing Grand Theft Auto: Syria edition so that the game has time to rant at you about crazed conspiracy theories regarding the origin of the Syrian rebels and latterly ISIS (who they conflate at every opportunity).The gameplay is a poor copy of Men of War, Graviteam Tactics: Operation Star and Wargame: Red Dragon, all of which have near present and cold war gameplay in a real time strategy setting. The third mission begins to showcase the larger format gameplay and it is an utter mess. Mines you can't see from the zoomed out view you need to control all your units will tag your vehicles. Vehicle pathfinding is a mess. Reverse isn't respected, forward movement of a couple feet can result in units speeding off across the map. I lost a T55A when giving it a short move order up a road and tagging away to manage some infantry, only to return and find that it had driven deep into the enemy despite having the stop stance active.Bugs and poor mission design are everywhere. In the second mission, you're expected to retreat back to a building because the enemy are about to spawn infinite soldiers. The game doesn't tell you that in advance though, so you're liable to think you need to continue attacking and take the crossroads, which you can't because it's locked to the enemy even if nothing is around. You'll also have to take out a T55 with a few RPG squads which let me tell you is an exercise in frustration because of poor elevation and cover visibility. You also can't just smoke the tank and stick explosives on its rear EVEN THOUGH YOU HAVE ENGINEERS WITH EXPLOSIVES AND SMOKE THAT APPEAR RIGHT WHEN THE TANK DOES.The lack of MP is a mild strike against not that anyone would actually want to play this game in multiplayer. Still, you'd think in this day and age you'd have co-op campaigns by default in RTS games after the success of DoW2, especially in a single player only ones.I want to be clear that I'm a big fan of RTS, wargames and similar. A quick trip to my profile or library would confirm that. I'm primed to like and be interested in this type of game. That I can't tolerate it ought to be a big red flag for anyone interested in it. What could have been an ok if buggy and poorly designed experience is utterly disrupted by the relentless propaganda I mentioned above. It's as if you were playing a game as the Nazis and the designers were making every effort to make you sympathetic to them, and to hide their numerous and well documented crimes.There are better games out there with similar gameplay and cold war equipment focus. Play those instead."
,Not Recommended,485980,32708318,Posted: 23 June,all,Biggest Oinker of Them All,Less responsive than my dead grandfather
76561198038302560,Not Recommended,485980,30116199,Posted: 23 February,all,ShufflingMonkey,"cant even get into the game without it crashing.. wana hope its on sale, or better still, save your money!id be wanting a refund straight away!"
76561198126979190,Recommended,485980,30084257,Posted: 21 February,all,SuperCripple9,"bought this cuz F&%^ Political Corectness! It's a good game bc. it's a pick up and play game very simplstic, it's not the most graphical game on the market but then again it's $20, so shut the hell up and play! 6=10 not the best but does enough to get it."
76561197970544858,Not Recommended,485980,30126333,Posted: 23 February,all,Shocks,"Its not a game I can play. Dont get me wrong I like the genre but its too clunky and ridiculous. I know its Russian and perhaps they  have a special snow flake view of the conflict but this perspective is garbage.   Neither sides have behaved well but the way the conflict is presented in game is a joke and distracts from what, with polishing might have been an ok game"
76561198118035304,Not Recommended,485980,30175631,Posted: 25 February,all,Big Boss,"Desperately needs a skirmish mode and online play. The campaign so far comes across as a russian propaganda tool which ignores how the Syrian government massacred peaceful protesters and instead makes Assad look like a noble leader who just wants to protect the christians in his homeland lol. Honeslty wouldn't have minded fighting as the Syrian gov so much if it was a more accurate representation of the historical events. Perfect for Putin, Trump and Assad supporters tho!"
,Not Recommended,485980,30132651,Posted: 23 February,all,Kamil!,"Well, i Thought this game had some future but i was wrong. I don't understand how could someone like this game since there is nothing special in it. Action is generic, controls are unclear, particle effects causes huge fps drops, combat is boring to say the least, and history suck.I don't ♥♥♥♥ing care about politics, al nusra, bashar al assad or the ♥♥♥♥ing isis. This game does not worth his price, actually it worths nothing for me now.3/10"
76561198059813631,Not Recommended,485980,33058692,Posted: 30 June,all,the Awesome one,The game is fun to play for a while... After some time the game starts to bug you when you realise that not only does the game present a very very biased view of the civil war in Syria. The game story is not compelling in any way and makes you start to question the alterior motives of the developers. In short the game is propoganda supporting a genocidal chemical weapons using tyranical illigitimate government.
76561198327663544,Not Recommended,485980,30548011,Posted: 16 March,all,cheff.morice,this was not what I expected would not recommend
,Not Recommended,485980,32735505,Posted: 24 June,all,mcclay,"God awful piece of Assadist propaganda. Spews the lies of a terrible dictator while also being a MoH rip off. If you have a shred of respect and sympathy for the people of Syria, do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,485980,30101931,Posted: 22 February,all,mlesch,"Broken ♥♥♥♥♥♥ propaganda mess. The game looks horrible, plays like a 15 year old flash game and is clearly biased politicaly."
76561198115123198,Recommended,485980,30132725,Posted: 23 February,all,christoph.mussler1,After patch. Game works like a charme.
,Recommended,485980,30109392,Posted: 22 February,all,Tagman [Yeezus],"Update below: The game looked really promising and I was totally hyped to play it.When I started the game it always crashed on me, right  in the menu.Whenever I hovered over any button in the first menu (like ""settings"" or ""new"") it crashed to desktop.I actually had to put the game on idle to write this review.Should have listened to the other negative ones.Update: After the developer personally helped me in the comments, I got it to run. I encountered one other small bug till now, but an restart fixed it.I have now played the first mission and I am stoked to continue the game.It feels like an realistic Company of Heroes in the Syrian Civil War. The destruction of the buildings is awsome as well.The graphics looks okay for a small developer team, plus I dont really mind the non-AAA graphics.I can now recommned this game to any real-time strategy game, who wished for one in a modern era."
76561198049289803,Recommended,485980,30110431,Posted: 22 February,all,Cobra,Sorted
76561198113053873,Recommended,485980,30088112,Posted: 21 February,all,Lorenzo,"Well it started to work so I changed my Mind. Syrian warfare is not perfect but it is very fun to play. Further more it is a very challenging game, Especially if you put it on ironman mode. I can see alot of potential in this game. I do recomend this game, it might be rough around the edges, but it is entertaining and it is pretty cheap."
