user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198057789886,Recommended,486310,32027122,Posted: 28 May,all,Kuja The Great,"Who needs a chat anyway ?With Meadow, you can interact with other players (inb4 animals) just by using emotes and gestures.Think it sounds stupid ? Well I think that, in these times of hard-stressing, fast and competitive games, Meadow is the ideal thing to play when you feel bad about something.Sure it won't make the stress disappearing, but at least it will be easy.Poping somewhere on the mapCheck for people to joinRun as fast as you can to catch themLook for ""fragments"" stonesBe niceBecause they are nice.Maybe that communicating is a bit special in this game, but honestly, you have to give it a shot.I never met someone mean on Meadow.Because you can't be mean in Meadow.And that, my friend, is wonderful."
,Recommended,486310,32401710,Posted: 13 June,all,Bayrock,"When you remove the ability to hate, the world becomes a remarkably different place."
76561198061885694,Recommended,486310,32336078,Posted: 11 June,all,SplinterBee,First few minutes.-see a cluster of people on my map-run towards them-Spot a deer leading an army of badgers-Deer leads us to the food and the promised land-All hail The Badger king
76561198130487478,Recommended,486310,32494675,Posted: 16 June,all,stef,"Meadow is a relaxing online multiplayer game made by the same people who made the Shelter series.Meadow isn't much of a ""game"" but it is a great stress reducing experience. You get to choose an animal and then play in an open world map with other online players. The main gameplay is to search out things such as obelisks and flowers, which will in return give you unlockable animals, skins, emotes, etc. Other things you can do are roleplay, go on a solo search for things, or lounge around with other players. There isn't a hunger or thirst system and the hunting is gone too.  Meadow was meant to be a relaxing social platform and it achieves exactly what it set out to be.In Meadow there is also no chat box. The chat is replaced by personalized emotes and symbols which helps keep the game stress free and a unique experience.Pros:- Beautiful world.The art is gorgeous and there is a day and night cycle. Also fog, rain, snow etc.- Great community.The people in the game are very friendly and are what make the game as wonderful as it is.- The group dynamic.Being alone is quite boring but finding a group adds a whole new experience.- Animals.There are so many choices between badgers, frogs, foxes and more. Every animal plays differently.- Emotes.No angry yelling or meme usage here. Personalized emotes and actions add a uniqueness to meadow.- Relaxing.Between the music, art, and simplistic gameplay; Meadow is the best game to play after a stressful day.Cons:- No ""brb"" or ""afk"" emote.In a game where you travel in large groups who are almost always running, its a bummer to step away for a second to find out your entire group is gone. We need a way to communicate that we'll be back in a minute.- Some glitches/game crashes.I've run into a few glitches here and there, but not enough to ruin the experience. The game does crash every single time I try to exit though. Not sure if anyone else is having that problem.Nuetrals:- Exclusive animals.Meadow has a large variety of animals, but some are only unlocked by owning other Shelter titles. That also goes for different sounds and emotes. On one hand I wish I could unlock, not buy, all the features. On the other hand, it is a nice reward for those who have supported the series.- Survival mode.I really want to see a survival mode incorporated into a seperate server in Meadow. There is a roleplay server, but you have to pretend to hunt, eat, and drink. It would be cool if people can play the game casually like intended, but others can hop onto the survival mode and play the more intense version of the game.TLDR: Meadow is a relaxing open world multiplayer game where you can meet new people and collect items together. Unlock skins, personal emotes, and animals and enjoy your time in the world that was built for you :)"
,Recommended,486310,32859234,Posted: 27 June,all,lahilahi12,"> Finds a cool cave.> Needs a friend to explore with.> Finds badger.> Badger agrees to go to mountains.> Look for cave.> Climb a bunch of mountains with my friend.> Find a big group of people.> Badger agrees to join.> Lose badger among many other badgers.> Walk around spamming the crying emote along with a question mark, in hopes of him finding me.> Two badgers respond identically.> What> One loses patience.> The remaining one I ask if we went to mountains using emotes.> Says yes.> Jump around with him.> 5 mins later> Badger lies down on ground, says the negative and crying emote> Oh no> Badger disappears> Cry lying on ground in-game> Jump off the map.10/10 would have a dramatic friendship with a badger again"
76561198063032034,Recommended,486310,31898720,Posted: 22 May,all,Elthie,"I love this game. Let me start of by saying, it's definitely not everyone's cup of tea; if you're looking for a game with strategy or fighting or a clear end goal with a huge community online daily, this is not for you.Meadow is a game where you play as a variety of different animals, which are unlocked as you play or by owning previous Shelter titles, which the game is based on, with different minor skillsets - frog swims faster than others, pheasant has a short range fly, eagle can fly properly etc.You explore the map, discovering caves and little known groves while searching for collectables called essence. Essence comes in two main forms:- flowers of varying rarity for which there are achievements for collecting.- puzzle pieces that allow you to unlock new skins and emotes for your current animal, but also unlock new animals to play as.Group play is rewarded by randomly spawning obelisks in the world that require a minimum of two animals to unlock and some larger require a group of six including specific animals. The community is small but very friendly. Communication is through the use of emotes showing things in the world such as essence, flowers, obelisks, a ""this way"" arrow, ""we need to climb/swim"" etc, and emotional expressions for your animal - happy, sad, waving etc. Despite minimum levels of communication, bonds form quickly after running with the same animals for a while, people often come back and help if you're stuck climbing somewhere or have fallen behind and people are usually sad to see you go after being part of their mixed up herd for a few hours.As the game goes, there's no end goal, it's exploring and collecting. The game looks beautiful and the map is large with multiple terrain types. There are a variety of animals and skins to collect and a leaderboard for essence collected.As someone who suffers from depression and anxiety, I've found this game has a calming effect and helps me unwind for a few hours and I've seen this stated in more than one review before my own.Highly recommend this game if it sounds like your cup of tea and can't wait for new animals to be released!"
,Recommended,486310,28243500,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Lawlsomedude,"I was walking for a good hour, no one in sight.Then one lone lynx cub found me. They led me back to an entire pack of animals.We all roved around the forest together until we hit a mountain.All of us started to head around, but the lynx wanted to show me something.We seperated from the pack, just the lynx and I, and went through a cave instead.The cave was lined with beautiful purple crystals and the slight sound of a waterfall echoed in the distance.We took our time walking through, soaking in the scenery.When we found the exit the rest of the pack was just getting around the mountain, and we continued roaming together.The only word to describe this game is magical."
,Recommended,486310,26241676,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,imlubko,"i ran around aimlessly barking as a badger cub. realized there was a map/radar, saw two blips nearby. chased them down. many hellos, a frog and a bear cub. we jumped around, climbed stuff, and collected shiny things. ran around in an area full of balls that made noise and poofed. obviously we jumped around in that for a bit. we merged with a large group of maybe ten or more other animals. stampeded around for a while. after a bit everyone ended up split into smaller groups again. i jumped off the end of the earth, which was hilarious and strange. walked alone in a snowy region when a frog, maybe the same from earlier, maybe a different, found me. explored with the frog for a bit. lost him when we merged with another pack, i was ready to sniff around alone for a bit. got sad, it's not about being alone.i had a ridiculous amount of fun. felt real connections with such little communication. 10/10it's not the kind of game i typically play. i might never play again, maybe i will. but i don't think i'll ever forget about it."
,Recommended,486310,26727385,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,magnificunt,helps me forget about my crippling depression.
,Recommended,486310,26342974,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,LittleMedic,"Listen, I know it sounds like a walking simulator. And really, if you're looking for a fast paced game, turn away.With Meadow, you get the ambience that Shelter, Shelter 2 and Paws delivered. The art style, as always from Might and Delight, is absolutely breathtaking.I've spent about an hour and a half now, squeaking around the map as a badger cub. I'm adorable. So are the other 20 badger cubs with me. Some of that time was spent trying to climb a hill. Why? I thought there was something on top.Spoiler; there was.Meadow is relaxing. It's peaceful. It's a walking simulator for people who want to take a walk but also would like to interact non-verbally. It reminds me of Journey, in a way, because you'll come across people who you'll have never met- and won't ever meet again. Your brief time bonding will be characterised by scampering around and cute emotes.I can't wait for what else they put in. Hell, maybe for those people who do want a bit of action, they'll be survival servers. I don't know. All I know is at present I'm a huge Shelter fan with a huge amount of college-stress and Meadow helps take the edge off."
,Recommended,486310,32115044,Posted: 1 June,all,vaskebjørn,"Meadow is the cutest and the most 'feels' game i've ever played. Finding and letting go your friends and the real effective feeling of being alone...  The happiness when you are finally in a group and the huge sadness when you lost them somewhere. You don't have to group up with your own kind. You can be friends with everyone. Communicaion is so simple, some times too simple but just making noises with others can make you feel really happy. I actually playing it with deep feels. I'm just screaming around with my Badger and i really feel sad when i stay lonely too much. As i said, this game really make you think about everything. It really effects your feelings. I love it. I am recommending it with my deepest feels  <3"
76561198051078958,Recommended,486310,30234303,Posted: 27 February,all,Føx,"Two nights ago I bought this game, this is how it went...-Woke up in forest as a badger cub-Have no idea what Im doing-Walk around for like 5 minutes with no purpose-A lynx appears-I wave to the lynx and the lynx waves back-I think I've already made a friend-Fast forward two hours-I've been following this lynx around and we've been having a good time-suddenly, lynx stops-I give a ? emote-The lynx lays down and does a sad emote-Im confused and a little anxious because for some reason I feel like this lynx is my best friend-The lynx gives one more sad emote then disappears-I felt empty insideThis game caused me intense emotion by just running aruond and making friends using emotes and not language.10/10"
,Recommended,486310,26283569,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,< lonely >,Made more friends here than irl 10/10
76561198063005364,Recommended,486310,32374724,Posted: 12 June,all,aguynamedsterl,"Add a ""goodbye"" emote so I'm not as afraid to leave my new friends :("
76561198130310418,Recommended,486310,34132563,Posted: 9 August,all,memelicious,"9/10>bought game>started it up>got a hang of the controls/dynamics>played with a ball with some badgers>met a fox>learns how to communicate with vague emoticons and symbols>ran around with fox until we found a ""pack"">joined a group with another badger, another fox, and an eagle>ran around exploring and collecting for two hours>eagle was a fantastic leader>everyone started crying when we got separated in a mountain>eventually all found each other again>literally so happy ok>explored for another hour>others had to leave, cue spamming of crying>feeling like you just lost 4 of your closest friends>quitting gamehighly recommended(-1 because you can't friend people)"
76561198103432976,Recommended,486310,26240538,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,nyxd,"I don't understand the appeal of this game, andyet I can't deny the appeal of this game.as stated by many, kind of relaxing."
76561198027652936,Recommended,486310,32839093,Posted: 26 June,all,Helmet Hawk,Meet badger friend.Follow badger friend on adventure across the world!Chase after a pretty flower.Can't find badger friend.Lost and alone.Cry.
,Not Recommended,486310,26271066,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,BlackDove634,"Fun game for the price, but the way you unlock the ""higher tier"" animals is a little misleading.  As a beginner you're sort of led to believe that the yellow crystals unlock animals (which they do), but only the frog, rabbit, and goat.  For any other animal (lynx, etc) you need to buy/own other games and DLC by the company.  Not to mention that the eagle is unlocked by either owning everything or being top 10 on the leaderboards (surely an implausible feat for later players).Instead of relaxing with a nice atmospheric exploring game, I kinda felt duped in the end to be honest.  Otherwise I would totally give it a thumbs-up.  Hopefully the makers will eventually do the player base right and make the content more accessible.  Personally, I believe it would be in everyone's best interest in the end, as forcing me to buy basic content makes me less inclined to sample their other products."
76561198013723081,Recommended,486310,30112877,Posted: 22 February,all,RPG Gamer Man,"Meadow: A interactive MMORPG that you don't communicate inI decided  to write my review for this game based on my perceptions and interpretations i have had in the game. This game does both have pros and cons, so i will list the pro's first, as always:PROS:-No language, only emots in the game makes for a clean game, so even young children can play this game.-A relaxing atmosphere.-Different animals with different speeds and sizes.-Most people will be nice to you in the game (not all, but most, please see cons for more info on this).-Nice graphics, for the type they are.-Disabled gamer friendly game. Be aware that hand issues may slow down your game.-Developer cares about their game, and is making changes to the game based on feedback.-Low price of game on steam compared to other priced games.-New updates every month!CONS:-MMORPG (the reason i have this in con if you have a social disorder like me, some things in the game are hard to understand).-People who ignore you when asking to join their group, or when you play slow and small animal, do not wait up for your slow animal to collect skins or emotes for a slower animal.-No map that is helpful for newer players, or players just awful with directions in this game (like me!...but i made a suggetion for it!)-Skin and emote collecting feels like a choire, especially when you have the above issue with no one to slow down so you can get the essences for them. Also, unlocking new animals can be tedious this way too.-Repetition. Look for people to help you hunt obelisks, get rejected by faster animals, look for another groupd to open obelisks, join them, open obelisks, someone on it leaves..rinse, repeat.The good and the bad  of the game, from my point of view, are above. I feel the game is a positive, but as stated, there are some negatives i have found. The developer may fix these issues, or someone may suggest a fix for some of these issues in the forum. I recommend this because i find it fun for what it is, even though im not a fan of MMORPGS. The community is mostly nice, and it sounds like the game may get some updates soon, so a positive for that too.ONE other thing of note to know before purchasing this game. There are only animals for loyalty customers for the series to open if you own more of the developer's game for this series. If you do not own the other parts of the series, you do get 4 animals to unlock (cub badger, frog, goat, fox). There are many other animals you can unlock, but be aware you have to buy the rest of the series.-CONTRIBUTIONS-Thanks to Selective Oblivion for pointing out a good point on the prices."
,Recommended,486310,26233840,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,NYANICIDE WITCH,i honestly bought it on a whim because it looked kind of cute. i have no idea what i'm doing but i'm enjoying it so far. spent a good chunk of my playtime following around another badger with us 'chatting' back and forth. then he disappeared and i was alone. i lost my only friend... where are you badger cub friend...
,Recommended,486310,26512280,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Mango,"It's quite a relaxing game with some light objectives in the form of seeking out stones/flowers to unlock more animals/skins/emotes.There's no violence. No one raging over VOIP.Just you and a bunch of other players roaming the land and communicating exclusively via movement, emotes, and sounds.And sometimes that's all you need."
76561198255847781,Recommended,486310,28691514,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MasterSeth2003,"I cannot accurately state just how good this game is in a sentence or paragraph, so I will state it in a poem.In The Meadow  By masterseth2003In the meadow, where the animals play,where the sun shines bright all day,and there's no such thing as ""predator"" or ""prey.""Things are so much better that way.Foxes, deer, and rabbits galore,that's just three, but there's so much more.Eagles in the sky, and frogs on the shore,such, are the things that i adore.The music, a peaceful tune,keeps people from leaving too soon.Light, from a mystical rune,reflects, the calm, relaxing tune.The place where animals frolic all day,and happiness is seen every which way.Just $2.99, that's not much to pay,to go In The Meadow, where the animals play.Only this, can describe a game, such as this one."
76561198111678241,Recommended,486310,34696034,Posted: 2 September,all,rihanna,"holy gosh dang. I just played this game and i met up with a huge herd of animals.the birds were espically nice and waited for the people who were clearly new players so they did not get lost from the herd. because i was new i had trouble climbing a rock, so one bird stayed and made sure i got up the rock and kept up with the rest of the group. without talking the bird showed me another path that was eaiser to take. it took me a very long time but the bird was determined and we celebrated by jumping up and down together.even though we both looked like other animals in our herd, we could always find each other after that. we always made sure the other stayed with the herd, and used our emotes to lay down on the same patches of grass. when i decided to get off the game, i let my badger use the resting emote.bird came up to me, waiting for me to rejoin the herdi didnt get upshowing my bager waving and tears in its eyes, i tried to convey i was leaving.bird understood. we knew wed never met again.i logged off.10/10 you will make bird friends"
76561198114141764,Recommended,486310,33446344,Posted: 10 July,all,Jellyfish,"> Enter Meadow as a lynx> Run into a badger following an eagle> Eagle is a 10/10 leader and shows us where all the obelisks are> After a while, a pheasant and three frogs join us> Find a kajillion rocks> We are invincible!!!> Oh> Lose eagle and pheasant> Step up as leader and start leading the three frogs around> Can't find anything lol> Except for the edge of the world> One frog jumps off> Approach the edge slowly...> Second frog spams X> Consider jumping but don't want to lose new friends> Am glad new froggy friend wants me to stay> Travel around with frogs for a while, spamming the happy emote> Almost lose frogs while swimming across a big lake> Wander around, spamming ? and cry emote> See a tiny emote in the distance> Rejoice> Begin running again> Look at phone and realize I should sleep because I have work the next morning...> Stop running> Frogs stop and run back to me> Red frog spams ?> Spam cry emote and lie down to sleep> Frogs spam cry emote> Cry> Cry some more> :'(This is a game that compels you to appreciate and find joy in the simple acts of meeting others, working together, and trying so damn hard to communicate with just a couple of emotes. Genuinely did not expect to care this much about two frogs. Genuinely did not expect this game to elicit these feelings. Take responsibility and tell me what to do with these feelings, dammit!(If you were one of those frogs, I MISS YOU ALREADY.)---Btw, this is how the whole thing went down in my head:She was tired. So tired. Her weary legs gave way beneath her. Her strained mewl was a quiet puff of air in the vastness of the night.The two frogs had run on ahead.They've forgotten me, she thought. They've--The red frog reappeared. She almost couldn't see it in the dark. Had it come back for her?It stared at her with its big, dark, oil-slick eyes. She could not fathom what it was thinking, but it comforted her to imagine that it was worried about her--or, perhaps, even sad. Sad that she was going to leave now. Did it know? Could it tell?She made another strained sound. Lay her head to rest on her forepaws. She wished she could say goodbye. It had been fun, running around with these two frogs--these strange, colourful little creatures so different from herself. It sure had been something.The frog croaked.Goodbye, she thought, closing her eyes. I'll miss you.The frog croaked again.---[cue real life tears]"
,Recommended,486310,26746695,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Autumn Woodgrove,"I'll miss my first lynx and fellow badger cub friends, even if I don't know who they were.For a game where all you can do is squeak/growl, run around, jump, and use basic emotes... this game creates such a feeling of comradery and community.The patterns in some areas are a little too busy and hurt my eyes but idec mate.10/10 would ♥♥♥♥ing recommend."
76561198067851126,Recommended,486310,26458088,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Dread Baron Beardly,I was born a badger cub. I wandered around not knowing what to do.I eventually came upon a bear cub. We played and ran around collecting flowers. I was happy... then the bear cub died. I was sad and didn't know what to do. I found a ball which I pushed to the tree where I met the bear and sat there and cried.Then a weasel showed up and we played ball. And a bunny jumped in. I was happy again.The life of a badger.
,Recommended,486310,28410665,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,o⠀n⠀e,"MMO is a genre I always try to avoid at all costs because of the exposure to toxic communities. All MMO games I played (outside closed - friend only - sessions) gave me the reason to flee from the internet and think about the state of humanity. Meadow, beside all other kind of beauty it have to offer (which I'l try to specify later), is the answer to this problem. It is made to be an socializing tool and it delivers that in a way I never even imagine in my dreams, making it an ultimate MMO and my personal favorite online multiplayer of all time. Here's why:1) The game, as I write this review, has no specific goal that can be frustrating and require developing some sort of skill, to the point when skilled players are angry at noobs and are agressively unleashing their frustration on those less skilled.2) Even if there was a goal like that, there is no chat (and I hope there will never be, because then this game will loose all it's magic), so you can't be a troll or a hater. Even if, by some unimaginable coincidence, you do something that make someone angry, all he/she can do is show an angry animal emoticon or spam jump, which will rather be cute instead of unpleasant :)3) But, the game itself is so specific and unique, that the community do not statistically represent all gamers, and rather sorts them out. It is highly unlikely that an angry teenager from CS will choose to play a game where you incarnate a sweet animal and run on pleasant landscapes :DSo if you are tired of toxic community MMO's and always wanted to socialise in most peacefull, calm and relaxing way, this is a game for you! Everyone you will meet in Meadow will be kind to you, will say ""hi"" seeing you first time, will smile often, will goof around, will be polite, will generously inform you about loot (flowers and crystals) and wait for you to gather it, will show you around and take you to a place they discovered so you can see it too, and will enjoy sitting and watching sunset together with you.And now all other reasons why this game is so amazing and what could make it a perfect game for you, a game you always would have wanted to play if you knew games like that could even exist, presented in most laconic way:If you love animals, and always wanted to feel this kind of poetic, nature type of freedom, we fantasize that animals do have;If you always wanted to form an interspecies pack that roam gracefully across the vast lands;If you are tired with human civilisation and human cruelty and just want to virtually escape from all that;If you value artistic games with unique beauty, that are creative in it's design instead of reproducing hiperrealistically;If you quickly lost interest in games without amazing soundtrack;If you adore Shelter universe but wanted to experience it in a calming way, without any survival aspect;If you want to try to live in a fable world of animals with the illusion of nonexistent death and suffering;If you like picturesque landscapes and like to overuse the F12 key;If you are sick of information overload and just want to quiet down and feel the beauty of simplicity using a primitive comunication composed of basic emotions and commands.It have only one thing that could be considered as a con by some players. If you are an achievement hunter/completionist and poor/ungenerous and do not have all other Shelter products (including DLC's, soundtracks and fables), prepare for spending a dozen more €/$ or for being angry. If not, than this game has absolutely no cons and you will love it just like I do or even more if that is possible.And when, during your epic animal jurney somewhere on Europe server, you will meet a blue fox, there is a chance it is me..."
76561198346492383,Recommended,486310,32359245,Posted: 11 June,all,Shaun_kissfun,a utopia for all the dreamers.no killing no cheating but just relaxing.I love this game and every little lovely animal.awsome!
76561198071165800,Recommended,486310,26355047,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,WLF,"One of my favorite games of all time is The Endless Forest.It's led me down rabbit holes like Wolf's Quest, The Isle, Shelter, Lif, and a few other animal sims and the like.This one is just a joy, I gotta say.  Your first moment will be of utter confusion, thrust into a truly sprawling landscape, a HUD of abstract symbols that seemingly have no meaning, and a slight sense of curiousity.  One random encounter will lead you to another, and before you know it, you'll be leading a herd of 30 across the wilderness, communicating clear directions for all to follow to the great stones which dot the land.You'll start with only a badger, with slightly limited emotes and no pelt, and over time and collection of energy (through various hidden gems/puzzle pieces, flowers, and the previously mentioned Stones) you'll get more emotes, new animals, and all kinds of goodies.  It's gorgeous, it's fun, it's very socially involved as you'll need several animals of varying types in your herd to successfully release the goodies from the Stones.I dig it, and I'll be playing a lot more.Sound also ++++  Love it."
76561198159293252,Recommended,486310,26410327,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,PanicKitty,"the Badger who reached the summit with me at the mountain, who watched the moon, the stars, and the explosion with me, and jumped off the cliff with me, please let me know who you are, i NEED you !"
76561198289320519,Recommended,486310,32274856,Posted: 8 June,all,Luna,its a lovely game where you can work togethar as a team and be free
76561198078447500,Recommended,486310,26236019,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,TheMiles,"This is not a survival game. It's also not really a walking simulator either.Basically, you choose your animal and derp around with a lot of other animals, trying to find secret places, collectables and magical stones that give you puzzlepieces, so you unlock more skins, emotes and animals. There is no chat, only emoticons, but they work pretty well. So far, the bit I played was very nice, because Meadow was designed to be a friendly enviroment in first place.It's 3,99, the map is huge, you have plenty of animals already and apparently more additions to the game are already planned, along with taking in customer suggestions.How more positive can you get? It's a steal. Get it already."
76561198089024514,Recommended,486310,32903731,Posted: 27 June,all,joesamr,"So relaxing. For someone looking for a story, I would not recommend it. However, for someone looking for art and relaxation, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,486310,26234177,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Mike Zwo ง℘4ཞ´ʂƙƙ18ʝ,"It's a fun and relaxing game where you have to collect emotes and stuff, sadly there is nothing like PvP or something so you just run around and do mostly nothing than searching.FPS are a huge issue right now and it really need to be fixed to be enjoyable."
76561198133992275,Recommended,486310,28302417,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Pompidou,"**Overall Review**-Beautiful Artwork-Stunning Animations-Amazing Patterns, Textures, And Landscape-Best Game Ever**Suggestions**-Playable Wolves-Playable Deer-Survival Mode"
,Recommended,486310,34472978,Posted: 24 August,all,Chronatosis,"This game is one of the most unique and fantastic experiences I've had in any game I've played. (And I'm one of those people that own over 400 games on Steam.)There is no ingame text or voice chat option. You can only communicate with other people via emotes and icons that symbolise objects in the game itself.I signed in knowing only the above statement. I knew nothing of what to expect. I started a fire to test the emotes and a fox signed in right on my fire. I feared for my life that he took damage! Low and behold, he did not! He turned to me and started barking. Then, he ran off. I continued to muttle around on my own as a little baby badger. After a short time, the fox returned to my location, barked at me again, and ran off. This time I followed. He'd occasionally take breaks to let my little legs catch up to where he was. Eventually, we encountered a large group of other animals. Wave and happy emotes all around! We ventured on with them on a hunt for big rocks to bark, meow, squak, croak, etc. at until they broke. Some stones only resonated to the sound of certain animals. When there were no such animals in the group, cry emotes were abound. Some of the animals would have to go hibernate. Emote goodbye, emote cry, you feel like you lost someone dear. But you continue venturing with the group that's left because you know there are still stones out there to bark at!"
,Recommended,486310,26340849,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,FrameJester,running around as an animals are more enjoyable than as a human.
76561198171315114,Recommended,486310,26468498,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,SnowJedi6,">enter as bunny>leave tree and find fall zone>climb highest mountain alone>fall off mountain and go back to tree>find large pack>pack leaves tree and we go together around the map>go through four seasons zones and slowly gain animals>find hundreds of flowers and stones>is happy>slowly lose herd through foggy forest>is distressed>finds deer from herd and we run together>travel alone with soulmate deer for hour>find large stone cavern with river>swim into cavern with deer>swim round cave alone with deer peacefully>find beautiful crystal path through cave>exit cave to top of the mountains>see home tree and rest of original herd waving at us>run to them but fall into void>lose everyone as we fall into void together>respawn but can't find anyone>cries10/10 would cry over a game with no story, dialogue, graphics, or people again"
,Recommended,486310,28000330,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nebenwirkung,"First of all, if anyone here is looking for something like Shelter 1 or 2, they are most likely going to be disappointed with Meadow. It doesn't have any survival or fight mechanics. There also is no real story or missions that you have to complete.You might ask yourself now ""What the hell is that game supposed to be then?"" Well, you start with one of your available animals and run around in the world of Meadow on the search for other players, flowers, crystals and similiar stuff, which you need in order to unlock new animals, skins and emotes. You can use these to communicate with other players. There is no chat or voicechat in the game, so all you can do to ""interact"" with people is making noises and using your unlocked emotes.I really fell in love with this game the first time I met a small badger family on the other side of the lake, welcoming me to their small crew and going on a hunt for crystals together.Meadow is basically a very relaxing Walking-Simulator game, that is all about meeting others and going on a journey to experience the world together. :)I'd give Meadow a solid 9/10 points!"
,Recommended,486310,26605283,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Lord Haw Haw,"Began this game walking around, bump into rabbit.  I follow him everywhere and he shows me how to play this damn thing, while following him, we get to the edge of the map, he turns to me, cries, then jumps off."
,Recommended,486310,26499806,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Trist,"So, here's the deal. I'm a player that rages easily in a lot of competitive type games, and someone that's witnessed me show such anger gifted me this, and the Shelter games as half a joke/half therapeutic help game. I had no idea what they meant by ""It's different. And fun."". So I installed this puppy to see what I'd get from it.And my god they were right. This game is in all honestly, VERY, VERY relaxing. I feel kind of weird cause you basically roleplay as an animal, and you develop quick friendships with using nothing but emotes and animal calls, and you have a vast world to explore either by yourself, or with said newfound friends. There is no narrative, no real end goal, no competition, nothing.I've felt like a complete dork and a little embarrassed, having chuckled so many times at certain situations ive been put in. You don't know who's behind the animal you befriend, and the game doesn't exactly WANT you to know. Just...plops you into a world, with minimal communication besides raw emotions via symbols. It doesn't matter what language you speak. I think this is a great game for those who want to relax, and create your own stories that you will surely remember.Hell. Let your kids play this game if you got any. It's a fun little experience for those who want a change of scenery."
76561198118667774,Recommended,486310,31796974,Posted: 16 May,all,MotherOrganoid,"A calm and gentle game that is great for reducing stress. As someone with a few anxiety disorders, this game is a great coping and soothing tool as much as it is a fun little game. The gorgeous visuals and playful models add a surreal sort of charm to the game, which helps its rather over-simple mechanics seem more fun. It can get a bit repetitive after a while, but if you have a friend or two or don't mind striking out alone into the beautifully rendered landscape, this game is a great way to combat nerves, stress, and general unease with soft, gentle gameplay."
,Recommended,486310,31848444,Posted: 19 May,all,Tafu,Returns Faith In Humanity.....The world needed this.
,Recommended,486310,26254115,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Ozymil,"Do you remember how you learned to play tag? For me it feels like we always knew. But that can't be right, can it? That's not something a child innately knows. So that must mean we learned how to play it. Learned the rules. Played it with kids who must have taught us, and in turn shared the game with others. Soon we reached a point where everyone we met could start up a game without question. Tag became something we just knew.Meadow recaptures that experience in a gorgeously simple fashion. You spawn in the world at the base of a massive tree as a Badger Cub. Slow, clumsy, and generally awkward. As you gain your bearings you quickly figure out you can perform a limited, but varied number of actions: walk, run, jump, yelp, and, most importantly, emote. Soon, you notice other slow, clumsy, and generally awkward Badger Cubs. After flashing a few emotes at one another you figure out these crude pictographs can actually be used to communicate with each other. Other Badger Cubs amble over and your group very quickly swells in numbers. But it's not just other Badgers. Among you now walks a couple Lynxes, a rabbit, and a frog. They can do everything you do. The yipping of badgers transforms into a chorus of croaks, meows, and chirps.Satisfied with your group's sizable numbers, you venture out from under the tree into the wild. You might end up in any number of locations: a snowy mountain range, grassy knolls, wooded hills flush with the color of autumn. Wherever your travels take you, you will encounter a series of black stone obelisks. They vary in size, ranging from small to very large, and will break apart when a certain number and type of animals gather around it. Inside is contained Essence, a stat that unlocks different animals, skins, and emotes the higher it gets.Upgrades in Meadow consist of these three different Essence unlocks, which can drastically affect how you play the game. However, it is all directed towards a singular objective: finding the obelisks. Following that central design philosophy, the animals vary greatly in terms of movement. A rabbit will be quick on land whereas a frog will swim far better, while an Eagle can overcome any obstacle and fly with complete freedom.So your ragtag band of animals has gathered together and decided to explore the landscape. Despite your limited number of actions and ways to interact with the world, the game is still incredibly engaging. You work with other players towards a common goal by utilizing the same rules, much like tag. At some point when you are playing Meadow, everything just clicks and you are utterly focused on the game. You are an eagle, soaring ahead of the pack searching for an obelisk, while your rabbit friend is wrangling up the slower animals in a combined exploration effort.Meadow is strangely nostalgic of not just having fun playing games as a kid, but learning how to do it. There's a simple joy in figuring out the world around you, a mood that it captures quite well. At $3 it's a great price for such an amazing game. There really isn't much to it, but what it does it does extremely well. Hope to see you in game!TL;DR - GAME GOOD. YOU BUY. YOU BUY GAME NOW."
76561198048818240,Recommended,486310,29460308,Posted: 24 January,all,Sprinklehen,"I just played my first game of Meadow.I woke up in the middle of a patchwork world as a badger cub. Everything looks like its been made out of quilting, its quite pretty and very textural.I ran forwards, not knowing what to do until I ran into a cat - a lynx I think. At first I thought they would eat me or something, but that isnt what this game is about.Using symbols and emotes only, they aske dme to follow them. We ran around, joined by a red frog and a canine (or maybe a fox?) collecting little rocks and flowers. These unlock new fur patterns, emotes and animals to play as.We ran into some obelisks, which are busted open by barking/making noise. They contain more rocks, and some have requirements on what kind of animals are required to open them.the cat asked us to stay while they switched animals, and we waited patiently until they returned.Does that sound like fun? Does that sound pretty and relaxing to you? If so, I reccomend this game. It is nice to explore and connect with strangers in a very basic way - it almost feel slike ebing a kid again, making friends with strangers for a few horus to play with and never see again.Does it sound boring? You hate time waster games? you have games without much of a point? I wouldnt bother buying it."
,Recommended,486310,26754346,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Astrid,"Meadow is the kind of game you play to relax.You just pick an animal and find some people to adventure with.. It's very easy to find other people by pressing the M button: that will show you where all current online players are.By exploring the world and collecting shiny looking objects, you gain access to more animal choices, skins and emotes which you use to express yourself in-game. The Meadow community is super nice! Everyone I've met has been most helpful.  You communicate purely with body language, emotes and a growl/squeak that your animal makes, which creates a really interesting gameplay. Also, the music is really nice, atmospheric and changes when you enter different types of terrain.I desperately need controller support for this game, to get the full relaxing experience! That way I can actually sit back with my controller, rather than using my keyboard and mouse."
76561197973125436,Recommended,486310,29885005,Posted: 12 February,all,Adventure Buddy,"I wake up in a meadow. I am a badger cub. I meet a fox and a frog. We collect flowers and rocks. Soon, I am a frog, a rabbit, a goat, and a fox.  We twist and twine, following our own paths. Following the path of others. Other's come. Other's go. We are one, and we are many.  Come and join this beautiful existentialist dream."
,Recommended,486310,32861615,Posted: 27 June,all,MeatAndChips,It make me feel so calm
76561198021799992,Recommended,486310,31475641,Posted: 30 April,all,jman17774,"I don't write reviews on games I buy normally, nor do I play these sorts of games normally. If you would go through my library at the time of this writing, you would say ""Damn this guy likes a lot of RPG's and FPS's!""But this time I decided to give something new a shot.Meadow. What can I say about it that other people haven't.Well, for starters, if I had to compare it to another popular game that you might recognize, Journey.This game is the PC, Animal version of the Playstation game Journey.Now you can take that however you want, but what I mean by that is this game invokes the feelings for another that Journey did when I first played it on my PS4. (Yes, I know it originally came out on PS3, but I never played that version :P )Travelling around this beautiful land, finding your way around aimlessly is the most fun I've had in a game like this since, well, Journey!I ran into another Badger cub in the beginning, we unlocked a few shrines together, then I lost him. The feeling of losing someone you didn't know personally may of been miniscule, but it happened nevertheless.I didn't know this person, nor could I hear their voice, but that didn't matter. Because we were accomplishing a similar goal with a very primitive way of communicatiing with eachother. Emotes and Symbols.The Graphics are are pretty well done on the skins of the animals themselves. They're a cross between sudo-realism and a crazy cloth patterned art style. The world that you roam is covered in this cloth patterned art style as well. All I have to say is it's beautiful to look at, and easy on the eyes. I was so relaxed and at peace while playing it.This is most definitely going to be a game I come home from work and hop on when I'm stressed.(No frog pun intended, Yes you can play as a frog!)My only advice for NEW players is two things. When you start off, zoom your camera WAAAAAAY out, as far as it will allow. Trust me, it helps.Secondly, USE THE MAP. I spent the first 30 minutes of the game wandering around looking for other animals to help me solve shrines that I couldn't open alone. The map solves this problem by literally showing you where all the other animals are congregated in your map/server.My one suggestion for the devs is to allow ALL animals to ""Sprint"" in the water, not just the amphibians. I mean, make them FASTER than the other animals, but please make everyone else a little faster. It's sometimes unbearable swimming across a LARGE lake that takes 5-10 mintues of real time.All in all, I want everyone to play this game. Give the devs the money they deserve for making such an experience akin to one of my favorite games of a generation, Journey.Thanks devs, and keep up the good work!"
76561198355569233,Recommended,486310,31220724,Posted: 18 April,all,Bunnychicken127,"Meadow is the best game I ever brought. Totally worth my money. I hope Meadow thrives and continues to grow. I am recommending Meadow to my friends and teachers at school and even my family members. I always use Meadow to relax and release stress. Everyone is so nice and friendly to me and I am to them. It was such a blessing that I came across Meadow. I am also so glad people like you Might and Delight have made such an amazing game, from running at super speed as a rabbit to lumbering the terrain as a badger I hope everyone else enjoys Meadow the same as I do.I wish you, Might and Delight luck with this amazing game and I hope you get more nice reviews like this one."
,Recommended,486310,33957131,Posted: 1 August,all,Caramel28,"A true marvel . The game is filled with beauty in every single corner ; the artstyle is unique and it's textures are well detailed . The music is a pleasure to hear . The concept may seem simple at first , but it's done so well and you can't get bored of it fast .Another beautiful thing is the community : on this game I met some of the nicest people online . If you are tired of toxic communities and salt this game is a breath of fresh air . Well some players will just not follow you and confuse you , for the most part the people are nice . The only way of communicating are emoticons wich is an original idea .The game is not perfect . But the developers do their best and realease patches or new content pretty often.Overall , Meadow is the type of game that you just want to relax , calm and meet some really nice people"
,Recommended,486310,26235412,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,fox fired,"I played this game for an hour. In that time, I made a six-man badger cult, had many badger antics, collected many flowers (with my badger friends) and made a heart wrenching (badger-y) goodbye when I finally left. This game is a great time sink; it looks beautiful, the map is pretty big, and making friends through only emotes and squeaking is one of the most rewarding multiplayer experiences I've ever had in a game. 10/10"
76561198078127192,Recommended,486310,26732892,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,DaaaahWhoosh,"Water. Check.Literally one of the funniest jokes I've ever heard. There's something deeply satisfying about using emotes to talk. That moment when you know they understood you, and you understand them, those glimpses of humanity amid beautiful scenery and adorable animals, that's what brings me back to Meadow.You don't need friends to play, but plan on making some. If not permanently, then at least for an evening. Talk together, struggle together, share each other's joy. That's what this game is about."
76561198020988935,Not Recommended,486310,26247422,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,DevilTwins,"As of now, i can't recommend this game. As a major fan of the shelter 1, 2 and paws games, i can't say this game is worth it.The game looks like the others. But isn't anywhere near as good. Infact right now, it feels like a complete copy of the game The Endless Forest. If anyone doesn't know what that game is, it's about you being a deer with a human face. You can be a calf as well as other animals apparently and all you do is run everywhere spamming the call buttons or animations. Though i got bored within a few days and quit.That's the same as this game right now. All you do is travel around with people as other animal's and collect stones that give you essence. Eventually you start unlocking other animals as well as skins and emotes.It require's you to work as a team. So if there's a stone that needs 4 people, and 2 of those people must be a frog and rabbit to unlock that stone to get the essence. So you'll have an insane ammount of people, running across the map looking for these stones. Other than that, the other things you can do is spam roar, jump and emotes.That's it.What i was hoping for was, Roaming the land as a lynx hunting small prey for my cubs which could be both npc or players. Escaping into burrows as a rabbit or badger to avoid predators.  Or even taking to the skies to search for food to bring back to my chicks waiting at the nest. This game has nothing like that. When people wanted a co-op shelter experience this isn't it. I'd have gladly payed around £15 to £20 for that shelter co-op open world experience.Pro's:Artwork. The artwork is the same from the shelter games.Animations. The animations are nice. And most are from the original games.Varierty in playable animals. So far i've got, Frog, Bear cub, Lynx,lynx cub, rabbit and deer. You can get a bird too.Music. Music is nice. Not as good as the original music, but still nice to listen too.AutoRun. Makes your character run without having to hold shift. So if your finger get's sore, which it will, just click that button.Con's:Laggy. Game is very laggy. And my computer can handle top notch games like witcher 3 on high to ultra.No Survival. There's no survival element's like the original games. No protecting and feeding your babies and no threats to deal with.No story. Nothing there so far. No pulling on your heart strings.Camera. Camera is bad. My hands start hurting after a few mins holding down the rmb just to turn the camera. Game needs a toggle mode for cursor.No goal. There's literally no goal in the game apart from collecting things.I will change my review if things change later on."
,Recommended,486310,28511583,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Jinssey,"This game, as of now, is the best walking simulator there is on steam (personal opinion), it's not for everyone though, some may find it boring and soulless but the whole idea of Meadow is to offer an online space for all Shelter players. I suggest to try Shelter 1 before buying this game.You can play as various animals including the main characters of Shelter games but, in order to unlock some of these animals, you have to own on steam certain apps produced by Might and Delight. You can also interact with other animals using emoticons and signals and there's a score system that allows you to unlock more features. You collect points by breaking menhirs and/or finding collectables around the map, which contains a great variety of biomes, but it's not all about the score, there are a lot of silly things to do, even sniffing catnip while playing as a lynx.It's the little things that makes this game a relaxing and genuine experience, of course after a while the only thing there's to do is score the most points (there is a reward for being on top of the leaderboards too).You won't find another game with such a great price/quality ratio like this anywhere else."
,Recommended,486310,33058997,Posted: 30 June,all,BasherBoo,"-DISCLAIMER- This is a long review so don't bother reading unless you want a lot of information about this game.Tired of dying and respawning and dying? Tired of those trolls online? Hackers? Come play Meadow, it's sure to calm you down.Meadow is one of those games that you can play for hours without screaming at the screen.From the creators of the Shelter franchise comes Meadow, a game that...isn't really a game.As they put it, it is a forum in disguise and that's exactly what they've made it into. Just look at the pictures and video to get an understanding because they give you what they show you, unlike many things on the market.As a side note that i'll explain later, extra animals can be unlocked via owning other games which I do own.You start off being given a badger to play as, an adorable creature. You roam around a land trying to find flowers and food which you run over and will be given ""essance"". Collecting this essance works like experience, the more you collect the more you unlock. Over time as youre essence rises you'll be given puzzle pieces, which can also be found in the wild, which slowly unlocks emotes, skins and other animals. After you collect enough puzzle pieces you'll be able to play as a frog, and then a rabbit, and so on.When I started I had no idea what I was doing, I was running around when I found a fox who spoke in emoji's that I somehow understood and followed him around leveling up together. This is how the game works. It seems confusing at first but suddenly you are able to understand this ""language"" and this ""game"" and it can be quite enjoyable. My 4 hours have been completed in 2 sessions because I am able to play for a couple of hours at a time without becomming bored. You can make massive groups in the 50 person servers, I made a 36 person group in one which we all roamed the world following an eagle. The world you are placed in is absoloutely beautiful. To the wet swamps, the massive crystal caves, to the hidden waterfalls, to the vast wastelands, the world is beautiful.The music adds upon this to give such a calming time.I have seen people in the ""negative reviews"" comment on the fact that you have to buy the other games to unlock animals. This is not the case at all. There are 4 animals that you can be if you own the seperate games. These are not a ""YOU MUST BUY OUR GAMES"" these are ""Here are some rewards if you do own our games :)"". Simply, there are 4 animals from games and 8 from not owning these games. These 4 do not add anything THAT special. There's an adult badger, a larger version of the first animal you play as and slightly faster. There is an adult lynx, quite fast but that's it, if i'm correct you can still unlock the baby lynx. There's a baby bear, honestly one of the cutest things i've seen but nothing that makes it a massive advantage. Finally, there is an eagle. This eagle is there to view the beautiful world. As the eagle you cannot pick up items so you cannot level up faster as the eagle, you can still unlock the white eagle by being in the top 100 of essance collectors but you dont need the eagle for the full experience. Actually, you don't need to own any of these 4 animals for the full experience because I've hardly played as the 3 of these that I do have because I enjoy the ones you're given for free much more.Overall, if you're in a bad mood or just want to feel good, play Meadow. It's cheap, but offers so much for this price tag. A beautiful world, great music, amazing people and community, and such cute creatures. ""When you remove the ability to hate, the world becomes a remarkably different place."" -Bayrock and honestly that is so true. You cannot hate in this game, you cannot troll. This is a game that I suggest playing late at night, when the day is over.Buy this game. Load it up. Spawn in. Find a pack/Make a pack. Run around. Level up together. Explore. Be amazed. Click the crying and waving emoji. Say your goodbyes to your friends. Disconnect.Throughout this game I have made many friends and lost them already. It's surprising how many friends you can make without speaking a word.There isn't much else to say about this game other than BUY IT. IT'S SO CHEAP AND SO CALMING."
76561198150205002,Recommended,486310,26238392,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Munto,"Ooooh, another shelter game!At 23:30 - ""I guess I will turn this game on for 30 minutes and go to sleep"".Then I logged in, found a few badgers like me, then found a lynx (wow, we got a lynx in our group ^_^), then we found a small group wich had a bear and a bunny (how cool is that?). We are roaming the map as the small herd we are. Were collecting everything we could find by communicating through signals. And i felt very connected to others (as much as weird this is) that was a great feeling. No chat, no spam - just signals and emoticons. All would grief if someone would jump off the cliff T_T.And the we found another big herd and we merged. Considering that only 50 people are allowed on one map, our group was 40, no less.At 02:28 - ""Feck, I was gonna go to bed early to have more sleep... oh well""LOVED IT!~"
76561198009867858,Recommended,486310,29665889,Posted: 3 February,all,Walker,I don't need to care about the language barrier.I can easily play round and explore with strangers.I really enjoy the feeling.
76561198120696812,Recommended,486310,32812451,Posted: 26 June,all,Rain,"9/10       This game is awesome. Its all friendly players, no enemies actually just a chill roaming game. Its pretty damn fun to walk around the world and look at all the neatly drawn/designed backgrouds & mountains. Then you have♥♥♥♥♥♥like cave exploring, thats always a blast. Finding collectables is fun, finding new animal skin patterns is fun & unlocking the next animals is fun as well. You meet players along the way, they can help you out tremendously. They can help you earn these collectables and animal patterns by helping you open obelisks. These obelisks need more than one person to open (sometimes 3 people or different mixes of animals) which will give you pieces to your collections(this saves you lots of time scavenging). So you can find friends and go on adventures exploring the map with either new friends, or you can play with a IRL or Steam friends. The map is very interesting and beautiful, its a wonder to explore. Its rather large and could take quite a lot of time to explore even with friends. Theres many many many hours of gameplay to be found in the wonderful game. Most definitely a gamre worth buying.  --RECOMMENDED       9/10"
76561198272683991,Recommended,486310,33874425,Posted: 29 July,all,Genji,"OhMyGodI LOVE THIS GAME!It's so calming and relaxing, you can play from a variety of unlockable animals (each with their own emotes, actions, skins and voices!) while exploring a massive world! All of the animals are so cute, and fun to play. You mostly explore the map with other players, usually forming massive groups to collect obelisks and, generally have a fun time!The only bad thing (in my opinion) about this game is that once you've unlocked all of the animals and most of the skins, you just start to get a little bit bored. That, and you have to use internet to play, I wish there was somekind of offline server where you can just explore and play as all of the animals. Or you could have bots. Either way, they should add an offline server.So, this game is highly recommended by me! The only people who won't like this game are the people who are interested in voilent games/ First person shooters. I don't blame them, this game is an alien planet to them."
,Recommended,486310,33596637,Posted: 16 July,all,Ýie,"A relaxing and zero stress game; perfect for shy people as well.Besides the gorgeous and unique graphics and dedicated team who supply us with constant content updates, and the overall atmosphere of the game, one of the most striking features of the game is the lack of chat. There is no way to communicate with others except for a few select actions and emoticons. This brings forth a certain sort of unique... 'culture' to Meadow. You'll learn that certain facial combinations equal someone signing off, or saying goodbye. Or you'll learn how it's customary to greet people with a wave. Or you can greet those you’ve met before by jumping frantically around them; they’ll get the point. You will get the hang of it quickly.This game has no survival feature, and is purely simple socialization and exploration. It makes for a very wholesome experience. Truthfully, I believe a survival mode would crush the spirit of the game. There are plenty of other games in the Shelter series however which cater to a survival experience, if you are so interested. :) The graphics remain gorgeous throughout.I can't recommend Meadow enough. It's a very fulfilling and wholesome experience. Everyone is so kind. It's nice to take a break from your busy life or hard gaming to just relax and run around with kind strangers as an animal."
,Recommended,486310,26303308,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Levia Draconia,"Meadow is a cute little sandbox/exploration game in the style of the Shelter series.Right now you meet with your friends on one of the servers and explore the world. On your journey you find monuments, which you can ""unlock"", if you have 1 or more people with you.Unlocking/breaking those monuments gives you one and sometimes even two types of shards:Yellow: Unlocks a new animal (goat, frog or rabbit)Blue: Unlocks new skins for the animal you are currently playing asThere are also red shards, which unlock new emotes for your animal, but you can find those floating aroung on the map.You can also gather flowers, which give you essence. Essence is currently only required to show up on the leaderboard and doesn't really have any other use. This may or may not change in the future.People, who own any of the Shelter games, books or soundtrack will get extra animals and emotes depending on what they have.Those, who own the complete set (all games + books, + soundtracks) get the eagle in addition.Unfortunately you can only fly around with it and it has only 1 emote and 2 skins.Unlocking monuments or collecting flowers isn't possible and I can udnerstand why. People, who have the eagle would have a huge advantage, when it comes to farming essence.Apparently there is a huge update comming out soon, but I don't know what it includes. Looking forward to it. I really, really enjoyed the game so far. Already gave a few copies away and will give more away soon."
,Recommended,486310,30821849,Posted: 29 March,all,Snow,This game is exactly how its advertised yet after playing the game for what seems like a lifetime i got a great  expiernce out of it. I spawned as a badger baby and eventually ran into some kind turkeys. i grew an emotional atachment to one of them in particular. after awhile our group got more people we became a pack of 4 turkeys a badger baby and a badger mother. me and the turkey became best frtiends i would follow hime everywhere and if i got too far away i would cry and he would wait and cry when i got there but also smile and laugh. i loved that turkey... later on we were traveling over mountains and our group got seperated. i lost my friend... im so sad now...
,Recommended,486310,28609729,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mercy the PeelzGrabber,"I only played 30 minutes of this, but this is a great deal for $3. There's not much to this game - it's a walking simulator, but you play as an animal. You meet other animals; You can't chat with them in any way, it's all done with emoticons or animal sounds. However, this isn't bad as you find yourself exploring the area together, picking up collectables and such.I had a lovely moment where I started, all by myself, walked around and heard some noises. I turned and saw a small lynx and a deer approaching. They were happy to see me, and began to helpfully lead me to various things to collect. We eventually found a family of badgers (I think they were), and after dancing around, we explored a bit further as a group.There's no enemies or anything, it's all about relaxing, meeting others and exploring. A nice little surprise. If you like this sort of game, be sure to pick it up!"
,Recommended,486310,26267004,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,The Underachiever,"Atypical, but oh-my-goodness, so lovely!You should be warned, however, that this is not an animal simulator: if that is what you are itching for, you may have to look elsewhere.For the rest of you - this has very distinct Journey vibes to it. The interaction and bonds shared among anonymous players who are limited in expression... they are memorable, enjoyable, and possibly the strongest point of this game.11/10Mental hygiene simulator 2016"
,Recommended,486310,26592413,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,[Goro] Chaser,Some really special moments can be had in this game. A very calming and enjoyable experience.
,Recommended,486310,31783010,Posted: 16 May,all,BluFalcon,Have you ever wanted to look back over your shoulder and see a few chubby baby badgers squeaking their little hearts out as they strugle to keep up? This is the game for you. best 3 dollars i ever spent
,Recommended,486310,29757844,Posted: 7 February,all,Buggzly,"Relaxing,Annoying,Pay-To-Play comes to my mind when I play Meadow.Relaxing~This is no Elder scroll, Minecraft,Overwatch. You run/walk around getting flowers, join groups, unlock stones, make some friends!Annoying *@$$&*%%Now lets ""complicate"" that relaxing.-Flowers, the best (fabled flowers) are hard to find. Spawn rates are a bi... bit tricky, because even if you know ""the spots"" there is no ""guarantee"" (unless a bird shows you where they are, props to all those feathery friends out there)-Joining groups, from ""Jumps of joy"" to ""are you new?"" or the famous ""KEEP RUNNING!!!"" (Large groups are prone to ""Keep running"" disease). Joining is the easy part, but making one! Whole diffrent story (unless you have friends, then eventully people seem to follow O.O)-Stones!!!!!!Depends on whats on them, (0-100 real quick). The more diverse your pack is the better (unless you break the stones before the badgers get there and people get all salty OOOO the drama!!!)-Making friends <3I made a few. Sure you might seem like a stalker (<.<)  (>.>)     But it's worth giving it a shot! :DPay-To-Play $$$BADGER, BEAR, LYNX, LYNX CUB, and EAGLEForget about those achievements, excpecally the eagle (you need to buy all of ""Might and Delight"" merch *soundtracks,games,books*)SO! It goes without saying, this game ""can"" get intense. Screw Overwatch and CSGO. Meadow Leaderboards. True MVP's.^u^/ Bai~"
76561198330714032,Recommended,486310,29952102,Posted: 15 February,all,Flaried,"This Is by far one of the best Roleplay Games I've Played.-Good Pretty Graphics-Only 3$ For a good game-Kind PlayersOverall This is worth it, if you are into roleplay. First time ive played I knew what I was doing 10/10 Cheap Game."
,Recommended,486310,30547351,Posted: 16 March,all,Balics,"A fun and relaxing game, with a great art style/soundtrack, lots of things to unlock and a great community to play with."
76561198078257018,Recommended,486310,32887215,Posted: 27 June,all,Razakhol,"Really fun game. Met a fellow badger at the start, then we ran in to a fox and after that.... a bunch of animals found us and the real running around begun :D"
,Recommended,486310,34565095,Posted: 28 August,all,Polarbear,"Logged in to try it, the controls are a little clunky but I figured out how to sprint and bark.Started as a little badger cub all alone, wandered for a while before I found a shiny twig. I picked it up.I took my little twig with me to find more when I came across a fox beside a dead lynx. We weaped for it's death when a rabbit approched us and said hello.The rabbit knew what to do! And the three of us began our journey across the medow, communicating in barks and squeaks as my tiny badger legs waddled after the rabbit and the fox.We crossed rivers and mountains and we found some bushes baring the ritchest fruit my little badger heart has ever tasted.We came to a final river, watching another fox and a frog join our cause as we crossed and came to the bank.When we reached the top of a hill, we beheld the black stag and two lynx cubs. The children of the dead lynx lived on! Hurrah!I said my little badger goodbyes and was on my way.9/10 save for the movement controls. Very adorable little game"
76561198178597526,Recommended,486310,32910926,Posted: 27 June,all,furytigresse,"The game is a bit confusing at first, but it's literally the kind of universe where you enjoy getting with people even if they don't know what they're doing. I ended up finding a big group and followed them around until I understood the idea, then I proceeded to play for two hours without even noticing time going by. It's that good and relaxing. Communicating is confusing too at first, but you end up understanding what to use which symbol for. Combining two symbols/emotes at once is more useful than you'd think, as it allows you to make a ""do we go there?"" into ""let's go there"" using the question mark. You end up being able to say stuff like ""what did you see?"" or ""did you find something over there?"" or ""we can't go that way"" using symbols, which surprised me a lot. The music is very relaxing, which helps enjoying the game a lot. Overall, it's a great relaxing experience with other people, free from violence or competition. It's all about being little animals running around together and/or crying when one of your friends needs to go."
76561197995142404,Recommended,486310,26236636,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Sarxis,"This is one of those magical online experiences that come around every so often.  It isn't a deep game, but it is a rich game.Mighty delightful!"
,Not Recommended,486310,26380964,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Dick Jones,"Currently there are 9 different playable animals:Badger CubBadgerLynx CubLynxFrogRabbitGoatBear CubEagleFollowing animals are obtainable within the game:Badger CubFrogRabbitGoatIf you wonder what happened to the other animals... you can only unlock them by simply owning other content from Might and Delight, mainly the Shelter series as well as soundtracks. While the game is in fact really cheap and rewarding loyal fans is an understandable desire, hiding more than half of the playable charakters behind what is effectively a paywall for new players is unacceptable.It certainly does not feel like this is to reward loyal fans since the same effect could be achieved by just giving out free and/or exclusive skins for owning other titles (which is also done for a matter of fact).It rather seems to be a marketing strategy to lure new players into buying the more expensive older games. I really hope I am wrong, because that would be just disgusting. Even for todays standards set by companies like EA and Activision.There are also a number of Achievements tied to these animals. If you are an achievement collector and/or completionist stay away from this game. The same goes for people who do not want to get constantly reminded of them being 2nd class customers.If you are a long time fan of Might and Delay or are the above mentioned critique do not appear problematic to you - feel free to ignore this review. The game has a few other issues, but none of them cant be overlooked considering its price."
76561198169383106,Recommended,486310,28349688,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Kylah,"Alright, I'm going to edit my review.This game is amazing. I love it. 8/10It's cheap (worth more than what the price is), the creators of the game are working on it all the time, they listen to their fans and what the community wants, the music is nice, the sound effects are awesome. Some things sound so real. Not many bugs (and what few there are don't interrupt gameplay), you play as an ANIMAL... you unlock things, get achievements... the controls are good and easy.It's a good game."
,Recommended,486310,26300467,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,SpookySuper,"good game and I'm very fond of the shelter games, would be better if I didn't lag horribly when with a group of people but all in all, I thoroughly enjoy the game and it's pretty damn adorable."
,Recommended,486310,26241540,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Xarrin,"I've heard the term ""make your own fun"" applied to certain games, and while that term does apply to Meadow, it's pretty easy to have a great time. Grouping up with a few likeminded players tends to lead to great explorations and occasionally running around in a massive herd. At $2.99 this game's a steal for anyone seeking a relaxing social experience, especially considering that Meadow will apparently have new content on a fairly regular basis."
,Recommended,486310,29118039,Posted: 8 January,all,Whimsigen,"A beautiful little gem of a game, I can't say there are many others like this one.Meadow isn't a game where you have to survive against the elements and hunt other players, nor is it a game where you log on to chat to your friends. Instead, you'll find yourself exploring the world with other players and communicating using little pictograms. It doesn't sound too great on paper, but it's amazing in practice.You could be anyone, and the animals you've just met could be anyone. But that doesn't matter, because now they're your friends and you're playing together. No swearing, no griefing, no trolling, no problem - just a bunch of strangers playing the same game together.You'll never make more friends than you will playing this game, and for the price it's a steal."
76561198143701637,Recommended,486310,31375679,Posted: 26 April,all,ShadowEevee300,"This game is an amazing experience and I couldn't recommend it enough, especially to people with disorders such as anxiety.Roaming around, taking in the scenery, finding collectibles and meeting new people is very therapeutic and really helps to calm you down and makes you forget about the world.My first experience with this game involved me meeting this little frog at the entrance of a cave and following them around for hours, collecting stuff and exploring; at the end they took me to this beautiful cave with purple stones and they said goodbye to me with the little sad wave emote, at that moment I experienced so much emotion that I have never felt while playing a game, I felt like I was saying goodbye to a long life friend and it was sad but I was also very happy to have met them.All in all, this game is brilliant, it's simple but fun and I highly recommend it. ^^"
76561198172071553,Recommended,486310,34494776,Posted: 25 August,all,Badger Club Member,Great peaceful game for zoning out or to play while talking. Very helpful and encouraging group as well. : )
76561198046745339,Recommended,486310,26236760,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,twozeroeight,A great game I can enjoy with my friends that doesn't deal with violence or harm.Amazing game for its price.
76561198302125426,Recommended,486310,28178764,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Kadii,"Given the game is still being worked on and has potential for a lot more features and fun add-ins.I will state these few opinions:Is the game overall worth buying? - Yes.For such a cheap price this game offers peaceful and kind communication behind the relaxing and cutely drawn out emotes. Some games like this one, don't need an in-chat to communicate.It also gives you fun but maybe occasionally tedious tasks to carry out which aid you in gathering new skins, new emotes and new animals entirely! With the spice up of different voices! Just to help add that tad of difference and unique self-confidence.Set backs for the game. - Things people should know.Some animals and unique animal callings/sounds can only be obtained through purchase of the the Shelter series or at least parts of it.If your looking for the same emersion vibe you were given from Shelter and Shelter 2 this is NOT the game for you. There is no running around digging up turnips or sneaking on unsespecting bunnies. Just friendly critters roaming harmlessly together. (I was slightly disappointed with this.)However. The game is still new and maybe in time with future updates the game may bring more to the table.As for now I say this game is worth recommending a try on for yourself."
,Recommended,486310,28031090,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sister Shadough,"Do you want a game with minimal content, unique graphics and ridiculously peaceful animals?It's not the type of game with a ton to do, but it is the type of game that makes everything you do count. Very fun, relaxing and surprisingly addicting, it may remind some players of ""The Endless Forest"", except done much, much, much, much, better. Much better.Not for players who are looking for ""Shelter 3."" Although Meadow takes place in the Shelter world, it's vastly different. No screaming kittens to take care of, baby badgers to save from ThatOneThingAtNightWhoStoleLittleJimmy — actually no survival aspects at all. This means that all players' animals (there are no NPCs) will get along as well — from badgers to bear cubs — rabbits may befriend lynx, frogs could safely follow eagles, and so on.On the not so good side, those who don't own previous Shelter series games, DLC, soundtracks etc won't be able to unlock everything. If one doesn't own any Shelter series products, they start as a badger cub, and then may unlock the frog, rabbit, goat, fox and pheasant (in that order) in-game. However, Might and Delight promised more animals (any new animals will be able to be unlocked in-game no matter what previous Shelter games the player has/doesn't have), which should hopefully give these players more options.Also, the game has no text or voice chat. The only way of communicating is through a lot of emotes, and sounds. Players may choose to work as a team (which is needed to unlock obelisks, which have the puzzle pieces/crystals needed for new skins and animals), or travel alone, probably searching for puzzle pieces along the way.Overall, Meadow is a great game, with much more to come. It's only a few dollars, and I believe it's well worth it."
,Recommended,486310,26288047,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,fzz,"As a newborn baby badger the world seemed vast and daunting but I remained hidden in the tall grass until I gained some nerve. I approached a momma badger and cub who both greeted me and after some mutual barking scurried off to collect flowers. Feeling more bold I noticed a deer nearby and we chatted, in the limited vocabulary a badger cup and deer can. We decided to travel together to see what the world would have in store for us. With incessant barking I followed that deer until we had a pack of a few badgers, a bunny and two frogs. We ran through the woods, no plan at all except to bark to the world. Our pack merged with a larger pack with more badgers, deer lynx and bear cubs and we ran for hours, with a mission for essence. The pack changed as animals left and new ones joined. All the while just trying not to get lost I barked. Eventually I fell off the wrong cliff and lost sight of the pack.==The next day: reborn as a deer (goat technically) excited with my much higher vantage point of the world I made that sound goats do, a bleet I guess? I mmediately knew my mission, to unite the badger cups of the land and rejoice. After seeing multiple animal packs merge and dissolve I learned how to communicate with the pack, and to make goat noises at the stragglers who risk getting lost. The next 7 hours went by in a blur, as I communicated with two other deer who lead the pack to keep our 20-40 animals in tow. It felt great, goat noises at the baby badgers to get them to pick up the pace, and in multiple case breaking away from the pack to lead those who were lost back home. A goat guardian if you will, of baby badgers, frogs, bunnies and kittens. It was about 1AM and the pack started to dissolve as players left. A few die hard pack members stuck it out with me til we only had 5 or so animals, until we eventually found more badgers to keep the party going. Having taught the baby badgers my skills of pack unity and communication I settled in the tall grass and my goat went to sleep. A successful day of badger herding.=====It is rare that a game makes a meaningful impact, but this has certainly done that, especially considering the price.Yeah it doesn't have explosions and story or any of that nonsense. This game is amazing because it questions what makes a game and brushes away all the nonsense so that all is left is fun and social positivity. If you have an imagination this game will take it somewhere great. Thank you Might and Delight, for asking the questions that lead you to Meadow."
,Recommended,486310,26402699,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Arabella,"I EXTREMELY recommend this game, It's very very cheap and well worth it. Although i do dislike some things about it but no game is perfect. I really like the art style of the game. Me myself loving nature and animals this is my DREAM game I honestly couldn't imagine anything better.Purchase this game if you want your time to be consumed with this fun filled, team work, friendly game. If you love nature and animals, and if you LOVE progression. This is the perfect game and i'm excited to see some of the future updates! This game is very relaxing and takes out the daily stress of my life."
,Recommended,486310,33163130,Posted: 2 July,all,moonracer,"Sometimes you just want to have a relaxing, positive experience with random people. Or just explore a pretty map at your leisure and maybe collect stuff. This lets you do that."
,Recommended,486310,32908204,Posted: 27 June,all,bexs88,"I squealed in delight playing this game and plan to continue to do so. If there's something better than wordlessly jumping up and down with a pack of badgers, I have yet to find it. Whimsical, fun game."
,Recommended,486310,30499405,Posted: 13 March,all,Vivumn,"At first I wasn't really excited about the game, but after a while I got kinda addicted. I love the animal, graphics are unique, and controls are pretty simple. :) <3"
76561197971071269,Recommended,486310,26241522,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,MrJolo,Reminds me of that feeling you get while playing Journey (game from 2012) and you meet another player.  Tranquil graphics and music.  Very chill to wander the landscapes with your little animal family and find puzzle pieces to unlock new animals and emotes.  You learn to communicate in very basic ways to keep your little pack together.
,Recommended,486310,26241872,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Salty Pikachu,"Great game, simple yet appealing. A great choice for the price <3"
76561198008900293,Recommended,486310,29024565,Posted: 4 January,all,Jasper,"This is an extremely well made game. There's no objective, no survival, and I find myself continuously coming back to it. The lack of chat is actually a very welcome change of pace for an MMO. It's just... so nice. It really is like a slice of animal heaven. The devs are also great and adding to it pretty much every month.Something I find rather important to note that is an added bonus to the game: Meadow is theraputic. I suffer from a number of mental disorders and every time I'm in a rut I can open this game and it will lift me right out of it. (Any doctors out there should actually look into using this for therapy.)There aren't really many cons about this game except a few bugs which can be resolved by restarting the game. Some pros are that it's nearly impossible to troll on this game and there are no language barriers. If you can only speak german you'll be perfectly happy in this world meowing or barking at people. If you live in New Zealand or Australia you'll be able to play with your high ping since there's not really a need for quick reactions.So get this game. It's really worth the 3 USD."
,Recommended,486310,28815238,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,RADKILLA[420],"Im just a badger. a trapper killed my mom.(i loved her),im only 5weeks old,i have no dad,im all alone.i dont know how to survive.i wander by myself and im getting cold and hungry.its raining and everything is scarey.[ROAR!!!!!].""oh whos that?!""[WOW!!!]your big and  strong!,""can i tag along?,i promise you wont even notice me,i just need a friend.""10/10 sofar."
,Recommended,486310,30694494,Posted: 23 March,all,kaonashi,this game makes me sad because after travelling for a while people make crying faces and sit down with me and then they disappear and i never see them again :(Edit:HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥YOU CAN FALL OFF THE EDGE OF THE WORLD I WAS TERRIFIED
76561198232927200,Recommended,486310,26418791,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Pretty Sky,"Well heres my review:The game is cheap, but with really good graphics, and animations, it does worth it. First of all, i got bored of it real quick.If the developers read this, ill have a suggestion list down below,about what would make the game more fun, and if possible, make this a roleplay game, im not really forcing you to do it, but making it either a roleplay game or a survival game would make it less boring, Or just add a playmode that needs you to survive, eat, drink, communicate, hunt, and such. Yeah i know its not supposed to be like that, but more like a relaxing, social, beautiful game, So i thought if pvp would have been added, it would ruin that peace, so why not add AI? like, your life isnt on the line and all, unlike the AI's, and its a thing to kill time, some people do enjoy killing, but since they cant add hardcore pvp into this game, people keep saying ""If you want a survival game, go play shelter or shelter 2"". But, why do we play this game? cause its multiplayer? relaxing? everyone has their opinion, and some want to hunt WITH their friends in this game, well, thats how i feel atleast, thats why shelter and shelter 2 doesnt satisfy me at all.Now, comes the Goat sleeping animation, developers, i saw a bug with the sleeping animation, when you are about to sleep with your goat, its front left/right foot end goes upwards and ALMOST into the goat's elbow. like what the hell, it bugged me alot since i discovered it, please fix it. Thank you.Suggestion List:((IMPORTANT)) - More optimization. I have a gtx 960 graphics card and i still get sometimes 8 fps per seconds, but my basic fps is 30-40- Add bunnies into it, aka AI 's.- Make the bunnies be hunt able.- Let the animals eat and drink.- Add more playmodes- I know you guys are gonna add more animals, but it would be great if just one of those new added animals would be access able for free through obelisk/puzzle pieces.Thats all, thank you for reading this, and dont get angry at me devs, im really just suggesting and im really really shy so if someone gets mad at me ill feel sooooo sad/bad, i just want to make the game more fun."
,Recommended,486310,32851633,Posted: 27 June,all,Napstalis,"Had an amazing time on this game.This game is just pure art,beautiful.The community is awesome,if you find a pack,you'll unlock everything without difficulties.In this game,theres a unique thing to talk,not with a chat,but with signs.10/10"
,Recommended,486310,31250259,Posted: 19 April,all,Pixxieplays,What a wholesome game! Just clean honest fun while you search for flowers and pieces to unlock new animals and emotes so you can communicate with all your furry friends. I can tell it's still relatively new but it's a fantastic introduction to the Shelter games. Well worth your $3!
76561198130040300,Recommended,486310,33895169,Posted: 29 July,all,MintyZedGrimes,"This game is very relaxing. You don't have to do much in it, it's just a game for you to hang out with people and chat. But except there isnt chat-- you comunicate with emotes. It's pretty easy to catch on to what everyone is trying to convey too, most of the time. I had a full out comversation with someone, and they happened to speak a completely different language then mine, and we understood eachother perfectly, which was nice. If you are looking for something to do in this game though, you can team up with others to collect puzzle pieces which unlock different pelts for your character and different animals as well. It's how you unlock more emotes, too. The art direction of the emotes and symbols, as well as the textures on the animals and landscapes are all, like in Shelter, unique and pleasant to look at, I can't get enough of the frog emotes. Overall I'd recommend this if you like games like this, where you just hang out and relax with nothing that you need to do, just relax.And since others are doing, I'll tell a story of what I just did in game.> I enter the game as the adult badger, in the snow area.> I can't find anyone for a while, until I find an orange bunny.> The bunny helps me unlock an obelisk, and we part ways.> I journey for a while until I make it to a forest, where I discover a different bunny in the water.> The bunny and I go looking for some obelisks, we find and break a few until we reach a different forest.> We run into another rabbit and a frog.> The newly expanded group get to and break a few obelisks, until we run into something else-> A giant pack of animals! I think it might have been atleast eighteen different animals.> We seemlessly join in the journey, everyone goes together, lead by a goat, to find obelisks.> I can't find my first bunny friend anymore! I still have faith that they're still in here with me though.> The goat falls back and a pheasant takes over the lead, as we find more and more obelisks.> Eventually I recognize the area we're in, I take the lead and we get to at least six obelisks.> We're back in the snow, I'm starting to fall behind the team.> I can no longer keep up.> I fall to the ground and cry a bit, and a rabbit breaks from the group and comes over to me...> !> It's the rabbit I started the journey with!> I wave goodbye and they return in kind, and they stay with me until I'm gone."
,Recommended,486310,27243602,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nekographic,"This game is one of the most fun little games I've played in a while. It's innocence and the absolute adorableness in this will make your heart melt and you'll want more and more of it. It's just delight to have a group of animal squeacking and romping about. Communicating through emotions might sound a bit off for most multiplayers (it did throw me off a bit at first) but for this game it just works so well.Having gotten all the good stuff out of the way now, the fps for this game is horrible. I play Ark on medium settings and I get 30 fps whilst, on this game I get 15 if I'm lucky on low settings. It's still a very unoptimized mess but you can try to go around it by logging in to servers with less people.10/10 :D"
,Recommended,486310,26447319,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Vykaa,Very cute and relaxing game. The lack of a chat suits it well and I find there's not often an issue with communication due to the amount of emotes and signs that are in the game (with more recently added). Definitely recommend for all Shelter fans.
,Recommended,486310,32907229,Posted: 27 June,all,Purple Monkfish,Acquired a following of 10 baby badgers as soon as I logged in. Picked flowers. 10/10 chillest mmo I've ever played.
,Recommended,486310,33203937,Posted: 3 July,all,Sqarak,"Me, 2 badgers and a frog climbed a mountain. This could have been the start of a fable, but this is just how the game goes.This MMO made my heart melt."
76561198168918255,Recommended,486310,26285937,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,A Mug,"My Experience in Meadow was quite intriguing.I started my adventure just as a baby badger, wandering cluelessly around learning my ""new life"".Eventually I run into my first social encounter; a Baby Lynx, who happily greets me. I do the same.Little did I know I would spend so much time with my new Lynx buddy, on epic adventures around the vast Meadow world. We swiftly ran across the Great Plains, Explored Diamond caves, went swimming in a underground Lake, Destroyed massive boulders with sheer barking power (or mews...), Jumped off cliffs and landed without a single injury, and Discovered the Edge of the WORLD!But, all Great things must come to an end. When me and my Lynx friend discovered a pack of Baby Badgers (A.K.A. Newcomers), we greeted them and pranced around. But my Lynx friend started crying, I did not know what to do, I asked ""why"" countless times. But in just seconds, dark grey clouds enshrouded the Lynx and when the dust cleared; Baby Lynx was GONE... My friend... My only Friend...Honestly, I felt like I built a Real Connection with Baby Lynx. Despite there being no chat, it's amazing how social you can be with just emotes alone, you build strong bonds without even realizing it.I think a lesson may be learned from this. Make the best with what, or rather, WHO you have because you'll never know when it may be the last time you see them again.Either that, or make sure to make friends with an Ninja Lynx that dissapears instantly in smoke...But in all seriousness, I loved my first experience with Meadow. It's a very casual and friendly game. I ENCOURAGE YOU to buy this game if you Love animals or if you're a hardcore gamer. Why hardcore gamer? Well because I believe this is a nice game to unwind after playing a competative game, it would help you relax, calm down, and maybe make a few unknown friends! But if they game doesn't really meet your kind of style, it's OK to refund, atleast you tried.10/10 Would be friends with Ninja Lynx again"
76561198084231341,Recommended,486310,29472809,Posted: 24 January,all,zman30533,This is a great game for just relaxing and meeting new people. Although i havent played this game much i played anough to get a group of badgers (i think thats what they were) and i have a jumping contest. 11/10.
76561198364111575,Recommended,486310,30470666,Posted: 12 March,all,Acid Kitten,"One fine day a baby Lynx cub was wondering the meadows alone, he collects flowers, swims in the rivers and takes a relaxing nap by the enchanting waterfalls, he is soon woken by the howling of another animal, he glances around only to spot a pair of older Lynxes upon the horizon.He pushes himself to his feet and lets out a little howl of his own to try and attract their attention, fearing he has not been heard he decides to take a walk in their direction to see what all the noise was about.The two older stronger animals were not alone, there was also a Frog a Deer and a Rabbit present.They appeared to be paying a lot of attention to a huge rock which was stood before them, as the baby Lynx approached, the rock shattered leaving some shiny objects before them, which seemed to please the other animals as they proudly smiled, howled and jumped for joy.The cub gave a shy look at them all as the Frog urged him to follow them, the little Lynx did so, throughout the day, the animals wandered everywhere breaking rocks, collecting flowers, even playing football together.Soon the night began to fall and the animals slowly started showing sad tearful faces as they faded away.The little Lynx cub howled, his cheeks wet with tears too as the land became seemingly more empty.He soon heard a rustling somewhere close by, looking around he spied a pair of badgers coming towards him, an Eagle flew just above them in the sky, like he was guiding them.The little Lynx cub smiled to himself, filled with a sense of well-being and safety, he flipped onto his back to watch the stars, the other animals gave him a smile as they passed by.He had realised he had found a land where animals can run free from danger, the Meadow felt like home, he didn't know how he had got there, but he knew this was a land with a place for all, it was a place for love where there was everlasting peace................Well that was a day in the Meadow now for the review, if you haven't already guessed I'm very much a fan of all the shelter games, I admit I was a little sceptical about this one when it first appeared but that didn't last long!! I honestly have very few complaints about this game, its relaxing, beautiful scenery and atmosphere are just what you need in your life!Perhaps that statement says more about my life than I want it to... lol.There is quite a range of animals to play as, some are mentioned above, I do have to say the worse choice is the Eagle, I find it relatively slow, you can't land or pick things up, I believe it's been deliberately made that way as a guiding animal though which to be fair is a great idea, although it would be nice to at least be able to land and have a walk about.(The dark Eagle plus a few of the other animals can be unlocked from the start by possessing the whole shelter collection including soundtracks and books BUT all can be unlocked by simply playing and searching)I highly recommend you try this game! What you waiting for! go get it! ;-)"
,Recommended,486310,32970832,Posted: 28 June,all,PirateKingRex,"While Meadow does not offer much up story-wise it makes up for this with its open world and vast room for interpretation and imagination. Meadow is what you make it to be, if you are a Might and Delight fan you are going to love this game (and be thankful that your heartstrings are not tugged too hard).  The game is filled with peaceful, relaxing music and beautiful designs.  The patterns and colors can be a struggle if you suffer color impairment, but I find the game is worth a little struggle.  Updates are often and the developers really listen to user input."
,Recommended,486310,26282191,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Daemon Blackflag,"At first I looked at the textures of this game and thought they were being a little lazy, using quilt patterns and such... but after i started playing the game i really got into it.. it's fun. Price is on point. I will play this game whenever I have freetime."
,Recommended,486310,33343818,Posted: 7 July,all,simoncos,Happy Together. Thanks. 10/10 Will love human again. 兔子带我开始第一段旅程，发现第一块大石头然后走散，和熊猫、雪狐一起探索山洞、爬上山峰、跳下悬崖，然后伤心挥别，独自一个人走了一小段路，世界之大，竟然可以有那么多相遇。
,Recommended,486310,32697470,Posted: 23 June,all,Anal Crusader,Hands down the greatest time killer you could ever own.
,Recommended,486310,33937826,Posted: 31 July,all,Blurrblez,"I have a fair bit of fun playing this game, the graphics and style are amazing, the music is relaxing. The Might and Delight games are amazing with this. And exploring around communicating with nothing but emotes and excited spinning and jumping is fun and hilarious!I love all the exploring involved, it seems like I find a new place or biome almost everytime I play! The lack of text chat keeps people from being too mean to each other, which I can appreciate, and almost cuts the need for trying to talk. As someone with anxiety, this game is the easiest way for me to play with people when I'm in need of company without getting too overwhelmed by it all. It cheers me up fairly quickly when I'm down because of all the silly things you can get up to with other people.My one complaint would be all of the connection issues it seems to have. Both my girlfriend and I lose connection to the server a lot, even after trying the fixes, and it gets a bit frustrating. I also wish it didn't make you close the entire game when it happens, because it takes so long to finally close down, and you're stuck staring at the black screen while it does so. You can't switch tabs or anything while it shuts down, which is a bit of a hassle sometimes.All in all, I love the game, though! It's tons of fun and works well for me when I need a distraction from depression and such. Getting to interact with people without having to talk to them with words is weirdly easy and makes interacting a lot more fun and interesting! And the way people so readily help each other out, waiting for the slower players, coming back for those who get stuck, so on! It's amazing! I really love the community this game seems to have!"
76561198296250590,Recommended,486310,29483262,Posted: 25 January,all,Marmarie,"This is such a chill game. Other people are so friendly on it - I didn't know I could have so much fun just running about in a little group. Only thing I'd like to see is some controller support, mainly so I can really lie back to play."
,Recommended,486310,33053807,Posted: 30 June,all,MysticWolf,My Favorite Experience:-Became Eagle-Found Badger-Lead him claiming I found an obliesk-Lead him off a cliff10/10 would murder again
76561198133705506,Recommended,486310,34647910,Posted: 31 August,all,Oliviarulescool,"Starts up Meadow. All is goodStarts up Meadow another day. All is extremely laggyStarts up Meadow another day while plugged into the Ethernet. All is decentMeadow is a big game with a unique art style. I only recommened this if you know you're computer can run it. The price makes it nice because if you cant run the game, you only spent $3.29! (Thats the Candian price anyways .3.)"
,Recommended,486310,26522372,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Damsel,"10/10This game... This game was something I didn't know I needed to experience.  This magical cyber-social reality is a phenominal adventure.  There is no communication other than left clicking for your animal to make weird-to-adorable noises in order to grab other's attention, animal specific emoticons, such as waving, laughing, crying, or my favorite, sass, and very basic command bubbles, such as crossing water, moving forward, a question mark, etc.Even though communication is restricted, the community blossoms.  The developers crafted a world where comradery is a virtue, sure, you can explore alone and find shards and flowers but shrines, you need either a ""friend"" or a herd to explore with.It's an amazing feeling of adventure and kinsmanship that I STRONGLY recommend.  I'm beyond excited to be apart of this community as this game grows and adds new skins, animals and emotes."
76561198209873023,Recommended,486310,26273774,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,duskyflower,"This game is something else. If you aren't good at making your own fun, if you require a more linear game, if you hate exploring or gathering or could care less about being social, this game is not for you. The other Shelter games (including Paws, which doesn't have 'Shelter' in the title but is included in the lineup) are singleplayer and fairly linear (even Shelter 2 has a beginning and an end) so you'll be perfectly satisfied. This game is not a cheaper version of the other Shelter games. Honestly, if you want a beautiful, emotional, mothering game then PLEASE buy one of the other games, they are amazing and worth the money. This game is a reward for fans of the Shelter series who already own the other games and you can get the fullest out of it if you buy the others, see it as a reward for fans of the series and less as a 'pay-to-win' game.This game is for fans of the animals, graphics and lovely music of the Shelter games that long for something quiet, relaxing and social. It's for people who are tired of swearing and bullying in multiplayer games and just want to have fun with other people in a very simple, rudimentary way. It's for the people who can enjoy something simple, something special, who can enjoy a game of puffball soccer or who-can-pop-the-most-puff-mushrooms, or who just want to unwind after work.It is said that this game lacks features, and that's totally untrue. There's a big, beautiful world to explore, there are TONS of emotes and skins to unlock (for each animal, too), there are lots of animals to choose from, there is a rudimentary but pleasing form of communication (little animal pictograms) and there are people to play with. If you use what's given to you instead of complaining about everything this game isn't, then you will have a good time. Relax, and enjoy: you don't need to keep looking over your shoulder to see if that eagle is going to murder you or your loved ones.9/10, fully recommended but it's not for everyone.Note: I haven't experienced a grain of lag in this game, and my computer isn't particularly high-end (just a Mac desktop). Your computer might, but they are trying to fix the lag so it's your choice to either risk it or wait and see if it's fixed."
,Recommended,486310,30238844,Posted: 28 February,all,Mewnya,thanks for you European guysim so touched to meet you guys and im appraciated the help from you guysQAQit is a precious experience and i will never forget that.一开始什么都不知道，随便乱走，就碰到了一只猫，好温柔啊带着我找花，找岩石帮我解锁成就，后来来了两只鹿，大家一起找大岩石，动物蹩脚的聊天，真好啊好久没有这治愈过了，谢谢你们啊真的这游戏啥时候有中国区嘞
76561198002781200,Recommended,486310,32893915,Posted: 27 June,all,Creonox,Money well spent!A very relaxing and suprisingly social game!
,Recommended,486310,26481804,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,druce,"i have a difficult time, sometimes, communicating with other human people so this game is the best, as far as that go, for me. communicating without talking is such a relief to me.definitely worth the $3..."
,Recommended,486310,33131401,Posted: 2 July,all,[λ²]»Ҳţremeţ99«[GER]Ò_ó ©®,"Really nice and relaxing game! If you need a timeout from your life, this is the game! There is no threat, no competition. Just nice people who want to roam around in a beautiful world! Pick flowers! Collect pieces to unlock skins and animals!"
,Recommended,486310,33157145,Posted: 2 July,all,SilencEO,"I recommend this game to anyone who doesn't really talk much online. It's a sweet game where everyone is pretty much your friend and the  only form of communication is emojis. Who knew running around with a herd, collecting flowers and rocks could be so entertaning."
,Recommended,486310,27006375,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Далберт.,"Cute and chill.No need to attack, kill anybody or complete a certain objetive.You just let yourself go and explore along other animals!"
,Recommended,486310,31656293,Posted: 9 May,all,Mapleshade,"Meadow is a never-ending fun game, where you can reach out and connect. It teaches you ways to use certain emotes to talk, instead of a text chat, which gives the game a puzzle-like element. It is always fun to start a pack, and run around to find runestones, even after you have maxed out all your characters. You still help people, by giving them the runestones you have found. You can be countless animals, ranging from the gliding pheasant, to the tiny land-dwelling badger. Meadow never ceases to impress me!"
76561198088679222,Recommended,486310,31463781,Posted: 30 April,all,ChocolatePawprints,"This game is the best! Changed my username for it! You will fall in love with the graphics, You'll wanna pet the animals, and it is just a great game! I recommend you buy this game!"
,Recommended,486310,26587916,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,JSaurus,"Sandy was born into the world as a baby badger.She had no idea what was going on, so she just kept walking.She walked towards the BIG TREE, where she met a rabbit.She tried to kill it but you can't do that in this game.She started to walk some more, she met a friendly lynx.His name was Big Cat.They walked together for a long time.Eventually every animal in the world came to walk with them.Big Cat fell off a cliff and no one cared, they just all kept on walking.Sandy got depressed.Half an hour later, Sandy is miles away from the big tree, no food, no money, and she's sleeping with a frog.Her life is a mess.This game has a lot of potential. There isn't too much that you can do yet but I'm sure that the developpers will add a lot more content. It's only a few bucks, and if you've played  any of the other games from these developers, then I'm sure you'll enjoy it. This game is all about exploring your surroundings with other people. There's a sense of adventure that comes with it, and you kind of grow attached to the companions that explore the world with you. I gave all my friends nicknames. I've only played a very small amount of this game, and I still don't have any idea what I'm doing, but that's the fun of the journey. It's a great game!If you want to see Sandy's adventure(you don't have to) :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AlsoRGjd50"
76561198159791389,Recommended,486310,32350160,Posted: 11 June,all,clairvoyant Chimera,"its not very action filled, but its really calm and nice, and it is fun to hang around a herd and look for things together :)would recommend if you stressed and/or have time to spareyou easily get addicted ;P"
,Recommended,486310,28839810,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,snugglebutt-fox,"Let me just say ahead of time that this review is LONG.This game saved my life.First, let me start with an artistic/gamer critique, before delving into the story behind my opening statement.I have been a gamer all my life.I have been self-teaching myself everything possible about art, and am currently an art student.Through my entire life, there have been many games I enjoyed, but few I truly loved and could see as a true work of art and an EXPERIENCE rather than interactive media art.This game is one of them. I grew up with the likes of Pokemon, Mario, Sonic, Kirby, Zelda, Spyro, Smash Bros, WoW, and more. I love many different art styles both in games and non-game forms. I am a visual learner, and while I never had the capability of learning music, music is something that truly affects my soul and can say things no human can in words. I'm very story-oriented and put story before anything else, as that is where the true meat is - where everything relatable to us humans is.This game breaks all standards known to the gamimg industry. There is no chat, no text, no speech or quests, nothing...not even a story...And that's part of what makes it amazing. The lack of story is executed so well that it MAKES a story; it makes you want to learn the origins of this land, where the essences and obelisks come from, how the animals all came to be here and live in peace together, and most of all..why in the heck the game world has no boundaries and you can simply fall right off the edge of the map and respawn at the Center Tree. This game creates so many questions, so many possibilities, and that in itself creates its story.Musically, I don't even know what to say. The music and atmosphere of this game is like someone's dream world within the astral plane. No other words can describe how magical and beautiful the sounds are, and if I could, I'd buy the soundtrack too and put it on my phone <3Visually..oh man, where do I begin. I have never had the pleasure of playing the Shelter games, or anything else from this studio, but I ADORE this style so much. It's the perfect mixture of textile quilting, storybook, patchwork, and graphics card death - and I mean that in a good way - the way the textures are put together is like what happens when someone's graphics start to give up...but it's BEAUTIFUL. It's not like a kid randomly threw textures into places, it was all done on purpose and it creates some of the most gorgeous creatures and landscapes I have ever seen in the digital world. Just like the music, this game's animals and environments are like something out of the astral plane - truly amazing, and probably my new happy place.Which, that last bit brings me to my original statement: This game saved my life.I apologize for getting dark here, but I must explain just how important this game has become despite me only plaging it for about 5 hours at the time of writing this.Christmas Eve night this year (2016), my puppy was murdered. My fiance and I had just adopted her in March, soon after he started working at his county animal control and she came in as a stray.She had just turned 2 years old on December 2nd. She was still a puppy. She was a beautiful cur/basset hound mutt, black all over with a white chest and white socks.She could be a brat sometimes but she was the sweetest, PUREST soul I had ever met.The night had been going fine...it was soon after dinner, and my mom had taken her out to go potty...Kayla's collar clip had snapped off and she bolted before my mom could grab her. Both her and my fiance ran out to get her..I froze at first, but followed after them. I was a bit behind since they were faster than me.By the time all 3 of us had caught up to Kayla, I was close enough to see them, but not her, as it was dark out...I heard the car hit her, I heard my mother and fiance scream like nothing I had ever heard before, as they were inches from her, seconds from grabbing her out of the road before a car plowed through her and drove off, not even slowing down...The things I saw and the things I heard were nothing that ANY human being should ever have to witness.All of us are beyond scarred. Technically I shouldn't go into any more detail than I have already...because it really was that bad...The amount of brutality and fear that night will haunt me forever.Every minute of every day and night since then has been nothing but flashbacks back to the noises I heard, and the things I saw of my poor baby, my puppy.At this point you're probably wondering what this has to do with Meadow.Well, I had been wanting this game for some time and with some Christmas money, I obviously bought it.I got used to the controls and setup, read a bit of a guide on the forums, and quickly got into this masterpiece of an experience.This game is beautiful in every way possible, and truly distracts me from the horrors inside my head. I'd give anything to not have to experience those flashbacks of that night...Guess all I had to do was pay 3 bucks.Not even the game itself, but the community too..rarely do you find a game community so kind and silly. I guess that's the wonder of having no chat system, eh? Regardless, meeting up with all sorts of player-animals, dashing across the terrain in this beautiful realm, all having fun chirping and gathering crystals...It's so simple, so minimalistic, and yet it's done enough to calm my nerves and make me smile.This game isn't going to change what happened just a few days ago.This game and its community aren't going to bring my baby back..my sweet, innocent, loved and loving, hyper and silly little wigglebutt. She's never coming back..I know that. But for the time being, this game makes me sane for a short while, all the while that I play it.Meadows are one of my favorite parts of nature...This Meadow gives me some peace, even if temporary. Meadow gives me a bit of hope.I still wish I had run fast enough and had jumped in front of that car to save Kayla..but I know wherever she is, she's okay. She's safe. She knows we all love her.Meadow saved my life. I lost most of my soul that night, but what's left is preserved by this beautiful game.To the developers of this game:Thank you for this masterpiece.<3"
,Recommended,486310,26299103,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,junavatar,A peaceful and social game. Really eased my mind while playing. Not for everyone though.
,Recommended,486310,26359977,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,★Кing Feydrid★,"I was romaing with a group of 20 or so animals and we were climbing mountians, traversing plains...and we'd all stop every once in a while to let everyone catch up to eachother. Then an hour pased and I got bored so I lead the entire group to the edge of the map after 20 minutes of climbing over the other side of a mountain, and as we all slid down the mountain towards the edge of our very fates, we all grouped up and waved goodbye.I almost shed a tear. The music is beautiful and the graphics/artstyle is really immersive. I'd like to see more mechanics though to make it more survivaly, like some actual PvE elements perhaps or whatever just more stuff to work together towards. Maybe some jump puzzles."
,Recommended,486310,33472091,Posted: 11 July,all,Vulpie,"So this game has totally taken me by surprise! I was expecting a short experience in playtime similar to shelter 1/2. I knew it was an MMO but expected pretty much just a sandbox of pointless frolicking. I have however never found a game that has engaged me like the way this game has. At first I played this totally wrong, there are many things to collect and I played it by running off on my own looking to find every item in every corner... THIS GAME DOES NOT WORK LIKE THAT! Every collectable, which consists of Flowers, Animal Unlocks, Skins, and Emotes (recently added Food) spawn randomly thoughout the whole overworld on a timer and eventually disappear. You never know where things will be and the point is to find random animals (players) and just, like ... hunt... for unlockables, and you do so as animals, using just simple emotes/body language. I can not believe how much depth I have discovered in a game where communication consists only of a small list of emotes. It's so simple, yet I have found packs of animals (from 2 - 20) who communicate and coordinate flawlessly on hunts! It's an amazing experience and different from anything else I've personally played. Now I can see this game eventually getting boring, it is after all very simple in nature, but that feeling of understanding one another on such primitive bounds is so fresh feeling that I can see myself playing this game for many more hours to come. I do want to unlock all Animals/Skins/Emotes. This game is still being updated with new content, like I said before with the addition of food so who knows what will show up next! This game is extremely relaxing and player interactive. Don't expect any hardcore action. You can not die here, you play how you want to play and if your like me who likes to collect all the things this game has more point to it then you would expect. It's an excellent game and very beautiful. I've have seen reviews complain about the world being to small... but I think its just perfect, any bigger and you just wouldn't run into other players like you do and form packs for hunts. Oh yes and forming packs is advisable because helps a lot with earning your unlocks because this game has big totem stones called obilisks which when found require 2 - 4 animals to open and sometimes require specific species. You can find every unlock randomly scattered around the world but it's slow and much easier to form packs to help each hunt for obilisks. Another complaint I have read, and I agree with this, is some of the animal unlocks require the other games of shelter to be owned to unlock. I already own them all so this is not a negitive to me, but if I didn't own the other games I would feel pressured to own them to get the full enjoyment and experience I can out of this game... so yeah if you dont own the other Shelter's just know you will be limited on species, and yeah that kinda sucks. Otherwise Incredible game! Come frolick with me! =3"
,Recommended,486310,33414344,Posted: 9 July,all,[EU] lyn1337,"Meadow is a soothing, minimal MMO experience with a variety of non-humanoid protagonists, it's own unique audiovisual style, and the illusion you need nothing more than to gather flowers for the moment."
,Recommended,486310,30068664,Posted: 20 February,all,milokp,One of the most enjoyable expierences of not doing anything with complete strangers I've had in a while. Fully support.
76561198043671592,Recommended,486310,29968934,Posted: 16 February,all,tifferoni,"It is not action packed, it isn't entirely clear with what everything is, and you sort of have to know what you're getting into before you actually get into it. What you're getting into is a slow [or fast, I'll explain in a minute] paced game that literally just involves you wandering around finding flowers, ore, and big stones that may require multiple others to break open to get more ore. The ores are used to unlock different animals, skins for the animal you are using, and emotes for chat. Some animals are only avaliable through owning other Shelter series games, but honestly I don't see this as a huge problem because the games are reasonably priced and you'll end up using your favorite animal the majority of the time anyways.The community is very kind, although there is no way they could be otherwise [unless of course they leave you in the dust when going to break open a stone], and from the time I've been personally playing, if you happen upon a group they'll almost always slow down or help others figure out where to go through the various symbols you are given to communicate with others. It's a very good game if you're just looking for something to distract yourself from life. More often than not if you happen upon a HUGE group it always splinters into seperate groups eventually, so I do tend to try to head towards the smaller 4-7 groups of others rather than the 10+ groups.Flowers are not difficult to spot at first, but the more rare ones can be in harder to reach places. They don't really serve any purpose other than to improve your score [which if you get on the leaderboards you're able to use a white eagle, and after you reach certain milestones in your point score you unlock more emotes, but that's all I've figured out that it is useful for] so mainly you're really only wanting to go after the ore, and pick up flowers as you will.I can see some people easily getting bored with it, considering you aren't given any goals and you basically just make them up for yourself.TLDR; It's very simple and pleasant gameplay, has a visually appealing art style that reminds me of scrapbook paper, and would be nice to play during a quiet rainy day."
76561198161973529,Recommended,486310,35351558,Posted: 30 September,all,Shayrin,"After first logging in I was hopelessly confused (I've not played any of the Shelter games before so had no idea what i was in for - or even if this would have helped!). The tutorial is none existant and you are kinda just abandoned with no idea what you are doing.Found a helpful bird friend who showed me to an Obelisk before having to leave, which shed some light on what is going on but I'm still confused.Next thing, I've Joined up with a small herd of animals and then spend two hours running all over the map with them collecting things. I'm suprised at how much i enjoyed this. You aren't really doing anything but the groups that form up are incredibley nice for an online game, its honestly the best MMO experience i think i have ever had and its likely down to the fact that you can't actually talk to anyone with words!The only semi-negative i feel is that (some) animals are locked behind owing other games in the series. Which isn't nessarsarily a bad thing if you have played them before, but for someone who's only just found this game its a bit of a shame."
,Recommended,486310,34750376,Posted: 4 September,all,TacticalGameBoy,10/10 Would Buy Again
,Recommended,486310,35223457,Posted: 26 September,all,waddigator,"A fairly unique environment with a calm atmosphere. Exploration and socialization with other players is the main attraction. Animals available are in a sort of progression system; you must collect items to unlock the next creature. Very cute and therapeutic in most circumstances.However, if you fail to find another player, the game can quickly become much less enjoyable. Therefore, aim for a server that is well-populated."
76561198381381939,Recommended,486310,34380104,Posted: 20 August,all,DovewingTheWarriorCat,"I love it! But there should be more unlockable animals with those yellow shiny things. And I'd love to see if you could make an update where bigger animals like the lynx and the goat could carry smaller animals such as the pheasent, bear cub, badger cub, lynx cub, the frog, and the rabbit be able to be carried in the lynx's mouth or ride on the goat. Thank you for this wonderful game! (P.S. If you are making a shelter 3 i would love it to be about eagles-an open world too)"
,Recommended,486310,26247720,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,louky,"Wow. I don't know what to say, really.I opened Steam, which takes me to the store page. And while I put the charger in my phone, I saw this going by on the slideshow.My first thought was; Huh, a new Shelter game? I've heard about them, but never played them. I saw it was extremely cheap, which made me check the game's page.I look at some of the reviews, and from what I could gather it was an open world Shelter game, online no less. I instantly bought it, frankly because I was bored, but I was also very curious.I launch the game and start off as a badger cub. I walk around for a bit, not seeing a single soul. I eventually meet another badger cub, and I use one of the emotes to say hi. He responds with a big X, and I took that as a sign to ♥♥♥♥ off. I searched for more animals, and before I knew it, I was in a huge pack of animals, including other badger cubs, bear cubs, a goat and lynxes. And I had a surprising amount of fun.What's the objective? Well, shortly explained, you walk around searching for crystals and flowers. All of these give you points, which dictates your spot on the game's leaderboards. The crystals have an extra benefit, though.Gold: Progression to new animal.Blue: New fur.Red: New emotes.Every animal have their own individual blue and red crystal progression. It works like puzzle pieces, so when you get enough, you unlock a new emote/fur/animal.Red and blue crystals can be found in the wild, while gold can only be found inside monoliths, as far as I know. Blue can also be found in these. There are circles on said monoliths, which indicate how many different players need to make noise for it to break. Some monoliths also require a certain species of animal. This basically means that, you cannot progress the game alone. Unless you don't mind wandering around at your own leisure.There is no voice or text chat. Communication is purely through emotes and body language. It seems weird at first, but it works really well. Pretty much everyone is willing to make parties, so say hi to everyone you meet!That being said, it's not a competitive game at all. You explore at your own (or your pack of strangers') pace. The game is not fun, unless you make it fun.I enjoyed it way more than I thought I would, and I'll still be playing this.P.S. I write this on my phone in a car ride, so there might be spelling errors. I'll proof-read when I get home."
,Recommended,486310,26272858,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Blackdima,Made a pack of 20 or so players follow me because I claimed I knew where a rock was. I led them off a cliff. 10/10
,Recommended,486310,27985311,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,fsociety,"Cutest game I've ever played! Ideal for children and adults who are tired of real cruel world. Dive into friendliest world of different animals, collect stuff or just roam around together.The only problem is the optimisation. Sometimes when I encounter a large group of animals and we're near some obelisk or a flower I get really-really low fps. Otherwise it's an amazing game with relaxing music and beautiful world.9 badger cubs of 10."
,Recommended,486310,34763555,Posted: 5 September,all,datsyaboi,"Thsi game is just...beautiful , i can't tell the number of things there is in this game and the comunnity is awsome and helpful for a game like this. Srsly, for a game like 3€ you won't regret this ;3"
,Recommended,486310,32352837,Posted: 11 June,all,sadboys,"definetely my current favorite game, it's highly addicting! the price is very good too :)"
,Not Recommended,486310,30589488,Posted: 18 March,all,Boshmash,"This game really is a ""forum in game's clothing"", as described. However, I did expect more. What time I did play of this game involved me running around in a poorly optimised world, attempting to find others, and when I did, using random emotes to show what I felt. Overall, it was quite dull, but I mean, it is what it described, so do not take their description lightly and go in expecting more."
,Not Recommended,486310,32725979,Posted: 24 June,all,Ark,I expeceted it to be a slow paced relaxing game with some form of progression.But limiting the animals to purchasing other games? What a joke.
,Recommended,486310,26237129,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,ExistentialEgg,I have no idea what I'm doing.I was a badger.I was being lead around by a frog.Then I pushed little boulders back and forth with a bear cub.Best game ever?
76561197984510122,Recommended,486310,32978542,Posted: 29 June,all,Jerry,"A peaceful and simple game where you select an animal to run around as to go picking flowers and spamming the animal noise button.  Find a group to run around with picking flowers and making animal noises at stone obelisks.Standard game session:-Went in as a lynx and quickly hooked up with a group-Started off in a random direction, and the group followed because it turns out people like to follow charismatic mountain cats-Made a circuit of the map with the group slowly losing members, until only one badger friend remained-Lead my last badger friend to a new group, lay down and spammed the cry, group, and X emote-Badger friend understood and the last thing I saw before siging off was his cry emoteThe feels are real"
76561198116210153,Recommended,486310,33065751,Posted: 30 June,all,Greenman_96,"A cute little game, Meadow is a game quite unlike any I've played before. The sole objective is to run around collecting flowers, gems, and cracking open obelisks (with a pack). Now, I'm not sure what the developer means by 'a forum in game's clothing' but in truth, that's not what it is at all. you communicate via emotes, that float above your avatar's head and are matched based on what animal you are. You can unlock animals, coats, and emotes by collecting the corresponding gem color. You'll also earn a few more animals by owning other games by the developers, Might and Delight. It really is an excellent, chill game that can help you take your mind off things for a little bit. Also, because I saw no mention of this in any of the reviews, the famed Eagle animal is not so great :/ it can't land, it can't collect, it can really only lead other animals to the collectibles, so just keep that in mind before you go buy 4 games, their soundtracks, and 2 books (or grind to get to the top of the leaderboard, another method of unlocking it)tl;dr Meadow is a casual game about collecting things to unlock avatar items, and also a good way to relax and maybe enjoy some light RP :)"
,Recommended,486310,28045835,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ReiAyanami aka LUNA 🐾,🐻🐾❤️
,Recommended,486310,32975137,Posted: 28 June,all,Cocoa Beanz,"This game is wonderful.It's simple yet beautiful. It's an incredibly creative social atmosphere where you can make friends and explore with simple conversation options. Everybody I've met has been an absolute joy to play with and spend time with.I think that the price is just right. It's simple, yet well made, creative, and very worthwhile. The music is fitting and pleasant. The world is fascinating and detailed, and the concept is executed so well.The first time I played it, I couldn't help but smile the whole time.I highly recommend this game to anyone. It's well worth the price for a nice relaxing and fun session to escape into."
,Recommended,486310,27423960,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cody,"A cute, social, exploration game is how I'd describe it.There's no goal so you just meet animals and jump around, hitting a ball, or running from mountains to caves. It's very fun."
,Recommended,486310,33224670,Posted: 4 July,all,scarily moist,-Met a group of assorted animals-Suggested we migrate-They said yes-Started moving-Some of them ran off on their own-Left with just a singular badger-Two badgers wandering-Came to a river-Swam through river-Found bunch of plants-Slept in a big tree a bit-Found more plants-Badger friend left-I cried a bit10/10 very relaxing actually. Remove the ability to hate from a game and its lovely.
,Recommended,486310,33587764,Posted: 16 July,all,★ • Alfie • ★,"Language barriers no longer exist in this lovely little game, allowing you to play alongside people from all around the world without having trouble communicating. The graphics are unique and beautiful, and the gameplay is simplistic yet addictive. The atmosphere is brilliant, and there are thousands of little secrets to find in your journey through the Meadow. You won't need a incredibly strong setup to run this game, even high graphics run smoothly on my old potato.My only complaint would be the lack of servers, leading to players from the far East joining European and American servers, causing quite a few ping issues."
,Recommended,486310,27377065,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,jrDORA,"We may not speak the same language, but we all have one common goal."
76561198127452090,Recommended,486310,29247266,Posted: 14 January,all,Mr. Super Savage,Pretty ok game for chilling  the only downside for me is that there is no 21:9 screen support otherwise its cool
,Recommended,486310,28254234,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Athena,"Meadow is a cute, lovely game that makes you feel all around happy about the world. While it does not have a lot of ""gameplay features"", it is lovely to run around your fellow anonymous animal companions that you know for a short amount of time. It is refreshing to play a game based around communication - but yet has little means to do so. - as you play as an animal that can only show it's emotions and thoughts through basic emotes and signs. Yet, I have never felt more accepted in a 'game' as in meadow. No matter what you are - you can always join a running pack and more likely than not you will be needed when it comes to obelisks. It most certainly is a nice game to escape the general mainstream games and stop worrying about a general objective - or about being better than the others. Meadow is all about letting go of this idea and relaxing in a world with beautiful artwork and a friendly group of animals who - just like you - don't have any idea of who anyone is, where they're from or what they're like. (While their is a ""peek"" function to check people's steam names - this is easily turned off/avoided if you prefer this).In my first adventure, I got stuck at the bottom of a cliff. I thought my group was long gone, but when I got up - they were all still waiting for me. The friendship in this game can move mountains - or at least give each other the patience to wait till you all get on top of it.Pro'sA wonderful and large world to explore and get lost in.While only 50 people are online max per grove, you always find people to adventure with.Most people are very considerate and wait for the entire group to catch up.Multiple animals and tons of skins/emotions to unlock by collecting flowers/crystals.Con'sNot that many features apart from collecting - yet I find this very charming about the game. It's more about letting go of the general idea of gameplay. But if you need an objective that's more than what I have mentioned so far - it may not be for you.About 50% of the animals are unlocked by owning other shelter games. While this isn't that big of a deal as you own the badger cub to begin with and you can still unlock the frog, rabbit, goat and fox, it's still something to keep in mind. You need shelter 1 to be a badger mom, Shelter 2 for the Lynx mom and Paws for the Lynx cub. All of their shelter products need to be bought (soundtracks, books) for the eagle. Although you can be a white eagle for being in the top 10 (good luck with that).Landscape can be a bit glitchy, it's easy to get stuck sometimes. Mostly as a small animal below mountains.Heartbreaking when you lose a pack member or need to leave, say goodbye to your adventure buddies!I would 100% recommend this game however, to anyone who likes these types of games. This is my first shelter game and I'm definitely happy I gave it a shot."
76561198154595171,Recommended,486310,26408204,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,HoundTheSandWing,A good game and really fun to play but the one downside I see is that you have to by the other games of this franchise just to unlock other creatures you can become apart from three others and in my opinion that system is flawed and will possible drive others away from this great game these amazing developers have created but I think that the system for having to get the other games just to play as a lynx cub is flawed.
,Recommended,486310,26442081,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Humming_colors,"This is a simple, multiplayer game for Shelter/ animal lovers!You get to play and interact as different animals in an open world. But, in order to unlock more features you need to collect 'essence' in groups together from these big rune stones. By collecting essence, you can unlock a few more animals, skins, and emotes (without buying Shelter games).The only drawback I see in this game is that you can only get special animals by buying their other Shelter games. soundstracks, and books. So, overall, this game isn't as friendly to players who don't own their games previous to buying Meadow."
,Recommended,486310,26291316,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,~SilentRaven~♀,"I like this game (if i could play with out lagging) the player base, and the game its self is nice BUUUUUT.....................to be honest i think you should be able to unlock all the animals in this game, because some of us dont have the money to buy the other games. I personally would love to play the Lynx, but i just dont have the money to buy Paws. i think it would be nice if as a person you could unlock every animal (minus egale) but you would have to buy Paws or shelther for a speacial skin for the bager or Lynx Ect. Being left as low teir animals isnt fun when, you know you could have one of the other animals but you just dont have the money for it."
,Recommended,486310,28206367,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Lemons||SuperZecton,"Now this is a really relaxing game where you run around as an animal doing animal stuff like meeting up with other animals. There is no chat in this game so you have to communicate through symbols and gestures.I do enjoy this game but i have a couple of complaints, the first being the lack of SEA servers,i think there are currently only American and European servers so far and it's really hard for me to play this with the terrible ping i'm getting. Overall, i would recommend it for people wanting to chill and relax, or even if you just want to meet new people. On another note, i have met alot of friends from just 2 hours of gameplay.I rate this a 9/10 with it falling short because of the lack of servers"
76561198291961823,Recommended,486310,31384924,Posted: 26 April,all,BlackenCynder♀,"If I could change one thing about Meadow it would be that there would be mor eanimals to play as. Though most players already go the ""Full Den"" achievement so... Maby add like arrows at the bottom or top or the den to change setting like a cave setting where there could be bats and other cave creatures and another an underwater setting for different types of fish and swimming creatures and a sky setting with different birds with an unrealistic factor of them being able to land on clouds. So thoes creatures would be restricted to their setting like cave creatures cant leave the caves and theres an invisible forcefield at the entrance of the cave that they can not pass, water creatures cant go above the water's surface and the sky creatures cant go too close to the ground so thats where the clouds come in and they could land on thoes having no where else to land. But I dought this will happen but I'd really like it to. Another thought would be to add a survival aspect so the players can damage eachother and have to search for food and will break their leg if they fall to far, and have to pay attention to their oxygen if theres going to be a thing where you can swim under the water not just above the water. Adding edible plants and corpes from dead animals to eat from but also have servers with the free roam/exploration feature that we currently have as our only game-mode.Please consider my thoughts and suggestions Thank You!~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ This was for where there was ""If you could change one thing about Meadow what would it be?""````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````` I highly recomend this game though i dont play it that often because it got a little boring without more new consistant content ( they said they would make and update every wednesday :P they dont)"
,Recommended,486310,32461279,Posted: 15 June,all,Tomagcoon,"-Started playing as a badger and couldn't find anyone in 5 min ☻-Found two bunnies running around and 10 min later found a Deer, Eagle and more badgers/bunnies.-After a while the current server was 40 animals and our group was at least 20 ☺-I changed my animal to a bunny and spawned randomly.-Found a group with a variety of animals and went to the giant tree ♣-Got numerous screenshots of the group on the top and joked around for 20 minutes ♥11/10 completely loved it"
76561198349748371,Recommended,486310,32246220,Posted: 7 June,all,ulrikeknoell,"Meadow is just wonderful.NO, you don't play it because of the graphics or a story, you simply play it because it is a heartwarming piece of anachronistic art considering the making of games. You experience the landscape in its nice colors and if you decide to interact with people, it is in a peaceful way. There is no option to get nasty, to kill somebody etc. - it is just ... a friendly interaction with people you can't talk to besides with some symbols/icons, so ... interesting. And calming.I love to play it after a stressful day when I am in need of a nice little dreamy world ..."
,Recommended,486310,26380457,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Golden Ramsay,Walked around aimlessly barking.Ran into a massive group of 20 other animals.Stampeded around looking for flowers.Spammed the obelisk emote whenever we saw one.Found small caves and would all 'sleep' together in them.Chaos ensumed as soon as someone would light a fire.All my new friends jumped off a cliff into an endless abyss.So i did to.10/10
,Recommended,486310,26521702,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,DRAGOS,"An adorable multiplayer game with all the kinds of animals, befriend other players and walk along the stone sought to unlock other animals, skins and emoticons, for only 3$ this game is incredibly beautiful!"
76561198080506600,Recommended,486310,32972249,Posted: 28 June,all,ColtMagnumPL,"joined game.Was a baby badger.Found a lynx.Lynx and I ran around and got flowers.Found nother baby badger.Became friends instantly.Lynx left.Rolled around and cried lots.Badger friend and I walked to the mountain.Met many friends along the way.Every time we met a friend, we did a badger dance.Made it to mountain after many friends and flowers.Lots of animal friends at the mountain.So happy.Had to leave.We all cried.Cutest game I have ever played.9/10 would recommend to everyone.Okay, now the real review.I saw meadow and thought the idea was cute. I looked into it a little more and the art style really grabbed my attention. After looking at it a little bit and learning about interacting with emoticons and running around with friends, I thought it was worth a try.So I downloaded it and it has a relatively small download, around 600 mg's, nice. The game launched, no problems. I did have a little lag here and there in the server, although that might just be my crappy pc. My main issue was the fact that there was no explanation that i am aware of on how the essence system works. and the fact that my game crashed after i tried to return to the den. The controls are a little wonky, especially the left and right turns your animal in an unexpected way, but you get used to it pretty quick. Also the camera, with a follow camera setup to follow your animal, it is hard to turn the camera to look around you, and the fact that it is inverted also messed me up. But i think all that is fixable in the settings, however, i only looked at them briefly.Overall, gosh darn cutest game i have ever played. 9/10 Would recommend to everyone."
76561198057770803,Recommended,486310,26403683,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Freidom,"Meadow is an exploration/social experience from the creators of the Shelter series.In terms of gameplay, Meadow is rather simple. You enter the world as a small, brown badger cub and your primary objective will be to collect colourful little shapes in order to unlock emotes, skins and utlimately, new characters. To do so, you can either explore the land in search of individual collectables OR you can team up with other players in search of standing stones. These monuments are scattered around the map and require varying combinations of animal calls in order to be pillaged. That's your bread and butter.Your secondary goal will be to collect essence (score) in order to advance up the leaderboard. You can also earn a few emotes this way. It's worth noting that the devs are adding more unlockables as time goes on, so you can expect there to be more incentive when collecting essence in the future.Visually, this game is a bit hit or miss. Either you enjoy the patchwork, polygonal style, or you don't. If you're a returning fan of the devs work, you'll probably feel right at home with the art style, however I can see newcomers being turned away by it's simplicity. I will agree that the music and atmosphere are fantastic.As a social experience, Meadow is quite refreshing. The traditional text chat is replaced by cutesy emotes and adorable squeaks, most of which are implemented already but others are still being added (for free, I might add). You'll need to be quite creative in how you communicate with your pals, which is always fun. It's worth noting that there aren't any real threats in Meadow, so this limited interactivity doesn't exactly hold the same consequences it might have done in Shelter.Now there is no denying that for everything this game does right, there are a few shortcomings.The game itself is actually quite poorly optimised, and on top of this players report considerable frame drops when playing on heavily populated servers. Luckily, the devs have been working hard to fix this.This next point is really the dealbreaker.Meadow boasts a selection of 9 different playable animals. Sadly, the average player will only have access to 4 of these when paying full price for the game.This is because the majority of the unlockable animals are tucked away behind paywalls, requiring the player to have purchased previous titles by the devs in order to unlock them (In order to obtain all content included in the game you'd have to pay something in the region of 30 to 40 pounds!). This might have been acceptable if it didn't comprise such a large portion of the game, somewhere around 30% of the content if you consider that the whole premise of the game is to gain new animals, emotes and skins.Still, I'd have to recommend this game for what it offers, regardless of how much it hides. For what I payed (£1.99, a steal!), I've gotten a good amount of playtime out of it already and I still find myself coming back. I'd certainly recommend that you at least give it a go, and hopefully the developers will be able to iron out some of their optimisation issues in the future."
,Recommended,486310,26357706,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Evil Ninetales,Very calm and relaxing after a day of shooting aliens and other creatures of human imagination.Having played the previous Shelter / paws games. Exploring the non-linear world with up to 49 other people was very enjoyable. Breaking rocks for essence and unlocking skins / other animals / emotes.Definetly worth the £2 I threw at it.
,Recommended,486310,26237915,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Luna,"I think this game is cute an dfun so far, but honestly it's only enjoyable when your exploring with others instead of on your own, and right now you can only communicate with a limited amount of emoticons, which is an interesting game mechaninc.I also feel liek the game is slightly confusing, due to the lack of communication amongst players, and the description to the game isn't of much help to an extent.The only way I foun dsomething to do was to look at the game's achivments, where you have to collect flowers, or play a certain time as certain animals.One thing I do really enjoy is that it's an open world exploration, and that they kept the same style as they have had with their others. I would recomened this game, yes, but only if you have people willing to play with you or meet others in the game."
76561198326539714,Recommended,486310,26294219,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Sheltered Lynx,"It's a really good game! Simple, yet addictive and fun. The music is also very good and nice to listen to while your walking about. I've heard people complaining about the frame rate but mine has been fine and very fluent so far.EDITThe controls are a little iffy but you can always change them in the settings for what makes you feel more comfortable. I seem to make more friends on here than i do in real life xD I'ts a awesome game and definelty worth buying especially at £1.99"
76561197997000707,Recommended,486310,26359196,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Loucasto,"PROSYou need like minimal graphics to play this game. I run a 1.5000 euros build and I do enjoy this one.One of the most relaxing games I ever played. After a 10hours work a day, this game is perfect to rest my mind and just play around.Enough servers to make sure that lagging is as less as it can be. Try to connect at servers that are close to your region.Underpriced for how much fun you get sometimes.Inovating emoticons and short commandsCONSA bit glitchy. In 5 horus of gameplay I saw like 2-3 glitches, but DOES NOT alter the game experience.The menu is a bit too simple. You have to be extra careful if you don't want to end in the game on the wrong server, or with the wrong animal.Being an Online Multi-Player game, and as I took part to even 10+ animals groups, we need more chat options. We have to understand each other faster and easier. For me, emotting is a pain in the @ss, but even this is a part of this SIMPLE MASTER PIECE game."
,Recommended,486310,32335895,Posted: 10 June,all,Mr Meeseeks,This game is definetly worth what you pay for it! Its a beautfiul and fun game to just cruise around with a bunch of little animals discovering new things and getting new animals/skins to go on even more adventure. Amazing and beautiful
76561198044374991,Recommended,486310,28876518,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,DerNunu,This game really is something totally different from other games. I absolutely love it. How the people work together in this game with the limited communiction options.
76561198327203497,Recommended,486310,33363712,Posted: 7 July,all,DeerJade,"Looking for a gray rabbit,who named 나 그.I am the white bagder. the ID is DeerJade.At the 10 o'clock. we met in the winter,and we acrossed the cave with the little Lynx.Then the little Lynx left us,we walked straight ahead.But i felt tired,I want to get offline,I said goodye to you.I felt so sorry and miss you .Want to remember youe ID.So I got on the net again.At the last,I left you ......RABBIT,I don't know how to say,it's nice to see you.If you find this passage,may I add you? QAQ兔兔，我好想你啊 你总是能在一堆动物中，最快的找到我。一点也不嫌弃我，你是世界上最可爱的人。我要下线的时候，你哭倒在我身边，我差点掉眼泪。遇见你真的是最幸运的事了。我想要找到你，就算是简单的打个招呼也好，可以么"
,Recommended,486310,33995108,Posted: 3 August,all,Stellamaris.,"I started as a baby badger in the middle of the woods,  logged off a bunny by the end of the night but not before saying a heartfelt goodbye to the herd of mentors i encountered. Relaxing,  simple and cute af."
,Recommended,486310,26252878,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,OctoberSkeleSaurus,"It is an outrage that this game is only $3.00. It is worth all the money and more, with a gorgeous soundtrack and mystifying visuals, it is truly a game to love.Pros:-Badgers.-Lots of players.-Good framerate (most of the time).-Interesting progression system.-Rewards for long-term fans.-Badgers.-The goats can scream.-Looks great.-Plays great.-The occasional Badger.-Travelling in a herd is amazing.-Varying landscape.-Perfect leaderboard system.-Badgers.Cons:-Can be hard to track players, even with the scent option.-Early stages, expect bugs.-Map is often confusing.-Badger isn't played as much as it should be.-Obelisk drops can be laggy and frustrating.-Jackass goat herd leaders that know jack♥♥♥♥♥♥about navigation. But eople follow them because they're f*cken goats."
76561198104455867,Recommended,486310,31659976,Posted: 9 May,all,LOL,PLEASE ADD WOLFS!!!
,Recommended,486310,32340226,Posted: 11 June,all,JaSon CSGO-SKINS.COM,"Zajebiste patęnty jeśli chodzi o silny explor ogromnego świata plus gromadzenie się osób grających na wzór stada oraz wspólne informowanie się emotkami np. jak się czujesz, zbieranie esencji która pozwala odblokowywać skiny, emotki  oraz zwierzęta. Gra dla tych co uwielbiają explor z innymi graczmi lub znajomymi"
,Recommended,486310,29360206,Posted: 19 January,all,Loguna,This game makes me happy
,Recommended,486310,33037636,Posted: 30 June,all,0906Daan,"I was looking for a game that did not require a lot from me. There is no shooting, violence or blood. Just running around derping all day. Really relaxing. Walk around on your own, or stalk other animals. Make annoying noises and jump like a retard. All fun. Jump in mud. Jump in water. Jump from a cliff. You basically can't do anything wrong. Collect flowers. Also fun. Too bad you can't really see what flowers you already have. Like a pokedex or something. Kick a ball. Collect different skins for your stalker animal, so you can look badass. Eat apples. Such game. Really. Emotes. Cry all day. Stick your tongue out. Basically everything you do is just fine. Tired of derping around with the badger cub? Collect randomly located puzzle pieces and get a diffferent animal. Do the same stuff all over again. Lots of places to visit. Just go and play this weird-a/ss, relaxing, psycho animal, walking, derping around, jumping simulator. It does'nt cost much."
,Recommended,486310,34093069,Posted: 7 August,all,Jass,"a nice relaxing game, very basic communication system that works super well, everyone on it is super nice and helpful and they actually seek people out"
76561198087203912,Recommended,486310,34108117,Posted: 8 August,all,Muffin_cat,"very laid back and relaxing game, and trust me I jus played mario maker and this just soothed me... anyway how do you get the 2 books on steam I JUST WANT THE EAGLE!!!!!!!! Either than that it is awsome."
76561198145398531,Recommended,486310,34226008,Posted: 13 August,all,StormWings5050,"It takes a certain person to get a lot out of Meadow, but It's great for animal roleplay and exploration.Meadow is relaxing and has a very unique world style. I've personaly taken a ton of screenshots of the beautiful game.It's another game with no dialogue, emotes and animal noises are the only communication you have with the other players, travel alone or find a pack, collecting essence for fun, or if you like, try and make it on the leader board!I recommend this game to roleplayers, animal lovers, and explorers of beautiful landHoweverYou really do need a certain mood to play much, I luckily hit that mood often though, maybe you will too!If you want a lot to do and interact with, this might not be for you. It's souly for exploration and collecting. But you should give it a shot, you might be surprised!"
76561198052536350,Recommended,486310,34389055,Posted: 20 August,all,Lamb,"I've struggled finding to game to play for a couple weeks, but luckily I found Meadow!The game concept is very simple, essentially to walk from place A to B, but it's the social aspect that really gets me. There is no chat so there won't be mean imbeciles and people of all ages and nations can come together as animals for perhaps a more human experience than you'd think!From what I've gathered most people in this game are so kind hearted! For example, if you play the badger cub.. you are very slow! But if you find a nice group.. they will make sure nobody is left behind!I've been so invested in this game I even ended up buying all the titles just to get the eagle.. I love helping others to find the obelisks, but most of all I love leading in this game! And as eagle it is easiest as let's be real... who wouldn't want to follow a bald eagle?"
76561198286105215,Recommended,486310,26450744,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,☣Sɴᴜƒlαк☣,Love it! only thing: can u get lynx cub with out buying a game of the shelteres?pls read this
76561198074080225,Recommended,486310,26622183,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,HardTryer,"I'm absolutely in love with this game! It's so relaxing and perfect to play after a long day full of human necessities.Just jump into Meadow as a badger or lynx or bunny.... and just stroll around. Pick flowers. Find crystals. Find friends. Walk together.I once met a lynx. We shared some emotes and sounds and started walking in a random direction. I started running a bit but the lynx just walked. I found it so frustrating at first. It's so slow! Why are you walking? But the lynx kept walking, unaffected by my tries to speed up. I didn't want to leave my new friend so I gave up my running and started walking as well. It was so calming. It was so nice just walking with my lynx friend. Some other animals joined our stroll train and I thought at first that they would leave cuz we're so slow but most didn't. We just walked forever. Slowly getting more flowers and crystals. I realized that I'm the one making myself stressed, afraid of ppl to get annoyed and bored if nothing's happening. My lynx friend, reminded me to not give a ♥♥♥♥ about what other people think. Sometimes I fall back in to achievment hunting, getting ALL THE FLOWERS!!! But then I think a bit of this lynx and start chilling a bit. Thank you"
76561198033554261,Recommended,486310,34866456,Posted: 10 September,all,-alliance-chippychippypom,Its a really fun and relaxing game but after a while it gets rather boring. If you arent really into shooters and have some patience you will find it fun.
,Recommended,486310,32975604,Posted: 28 June,all,Bamboo (Redness),"I love this game and it's very hard to dislike,  but I'm going to tell you some stereotypes that I have found while playing this game so far! (List will be updated)>Badger Cub: Generally a new player but usually very friendly and social!>Badger: Generally shows up when there is a group of 3-4 of any animal and sticks with them until the end!>Goat: Generally very experienced players that can point out flowers and leed groups very well! I know it's weird but it's just one of those wide spread things!>Turkey: These are a strange one... They either stay with groups and help pick out stuff or they avoid contact with groups at all costs.>Frog: These are pretty fun people to be around and usually have a zany personality but good luck keeping track of where they are! Frogs are smol!>Eagle: You rarely (if ever) see these guys around, much less in a group. If you do see them they probably won't be looking to join your group.>Pheasant: These guys are usually very prone to join groups and look for obelisks and flowers whenever possible!>Fox: I never see anyone playing these guys, I only see them if two groups meet.Get this game!!!"
,Recommended,486310,26279657,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,cP| IZED,"This is just a wonderful game. Extremely relaxing and a wonderful experience overall.This game doesn't have a goal and doesn't really offer much gameplay.You're just an animal with some emotes and you can collect ""Essence"". With Essence you automatically unlock other animals, skins and emotes.. and that's it.Though to destroy those large rocks with much Essence in them, you gotta find some random other players and work with them together to open them.I've never played a game before, where I was welcomed that much in the community and was able to say so much with just so little available. Met some heartwarming people I couldn't even talk with, but we understood each other.I've also never played a game before, where I actively wanted to explore the world, just for the sake of finding things and running around together in a group. Wonderful experience."
76561198353805313,Recommended,486310,35400125,Posted: 1 October,all,11Darkflame11,Loaded the game for my first time.Met a fox.Ran off with fox.Went to the fall biome and opened runes.Met a deer.Ran around with my friends.Met two lynxs and another fox.Had to leave.We all cried.Left game.10/10 would make fox friend again.
,Recommended,486310,26257119,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Akantor202,I love this i had a very bad case of multiplayer anxiety until this rabbit came along and helped me out of it dont worry about trolls or Killers in here because everybody in here will be your friend and let you go on there journey to get crystals and flowers best multiplayer game i seen thank you Might and Delight.
76561198154447689,Recommended,486310,26262025,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,BlackSunset,Was fun running around with my forest friends. Unfortunately the game runs at 4-20fps so it's difficult to play. Not really sure what to even do...we ran around and collected flowers looking for big shrines we barked at and unlocked new animals. Cool
,Recommended,486310,29574811,Posted: 29 January,all,PKOwl,"!May spoil the mystery of the gameplay and figuring out the concept!I cannot express how good this game is. Buy it for 3 dollars expecting a fun little time with some friends, discovered that when we collect flowers we get ""essence"" we didn't know what this was but we eventually just went and kept collecting flowers, we soon ran across a few others and they gladly accepted us into the group and we all explored together for another hour and we discovered these rock formations that unlock ""puzzle pieces"" for the new animals, emotes and actions you can unlock and we eventually had to seperate, but I will gladly come back to this game in the future, great community, and the lack of tpye and voice chat and being only to talk through emotes and actions is great and you'd be stunned at how great the communication is, with the howling to the emotes to the actions and turning. The music is great too, ambience and all. All around one of the greatest games for relaxing or just having fun. And for 3-4 dollars (I forget which) it's a steal."
,Recommended,486310,26245326,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,katn1x,We were six bagers just chillin' and playing ball. Suddenly four of them jumped off a cliff. I thought we were having fun.
76561198170041563,Recommended,486310,26392092,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,JackMan,This is one of the best games i've ever played!At first I was scared to get the game but after the first hour I was in love!Somethings you should know before getting the game-------------------------------------------------------------Sadly you can't kill/huntYou can sit down and sleepYou can't text/talk to other people (Instead you use signs)You only get a baby bager if this is your first shelther gameIf your a fan to the series you will LOVE this game!!!!
,Recommended,486310,33252362,Posted: 4 July,all,Maya 🍃,"Very underrated, especially for the price.Immersive and gives positive vibes, definitely a hidden gem."
,Recommended,486310,26278810,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Kittys,Never thought I'd make so many friends and lose so many friends in the 5ish hours ive played.It's basically a lose all your friends simulator.
,Recommended,486310,26250743,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,goose:),"being someone who jumped in on the Shelter series with the release of Meadow, i can pretty safely say you don’t need to know anything about Shelter to be able to easily grasp the premise of the game.your main objective in the game is to collect flowers and puzzle pieces to raise your overall score, or essense as it’s called in game.  the puzzle pieces also are what you need to work your way towards unlocking other animals, as well as fur skins and emotes for the animal you’re currently playing as.in order to get many of these puzzle pieces, however, you have to explore and navigate your way through the environment that’s been laid out, often times checking every nook and cranny you lay eyes on.  but there are also these pseudo-puzzles in the form of what i personally call singing stones.  how you extract the pieces from these stones, is you need to cooperate with at least one other player, often times more, gathering around and literally screaming at the singing stones with your animals’ calls.  this obviously puts a huge emphasis of cooperation into the game if you want to earn unlockables at a faster pace.but, as stated above, you do have to unlock other animals to play as, and in turn you start off as a badger cub, (unless you own any combination of the Shelter games on Steam) which seems to be the most basic of the animals you can play as; a slow movement speed in comparison to others, standard jump height, small stature.  to me, this is an ingenius idea, because it is immediately putting you into the shoes of the ‘runt of the litter’, making you the easiest for your pack to shrug off and ignore, heading to puzzle pieces and singing stones more quickly.however, i find that most players don’t actually just cut and run from those who take longer to catch up, and actively try to have the group slow down so that they can catch up.  this gives newer players a sense of acceptence from those who have put more time into the game, and in turn, makes it easier for them to understand and be more patient with those who may take more time to rejoin the pack.it gives the game a very strong sense of being a close-knit group, despite most people you encounter being complete strangers, and creates a very pleasant and joyful experience to the game, which i feel is much needed in today’s multiplayer genre."
76561198018558426,Recommended,486310,26341512,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Jon Shogren,"I stumbled upon this, and based on art style and price alone I picked up, and I'm really glad I did. After only two hours, I would already say I've gotten my money's worth. I wondered around as a badger cub and met up with a big cat, and we explored caves and mountains for a full hour not knowing what the heck we were supposed to do. It was fantastic. I've never played Shelter, but now I'm going to have to check those out too."
76561198031267248,Recommended,486310,33917597,Posted: 30 July,all,Grant Ward [LP],"I played with a rabbit stranger for over an hour and could not even say that I had to leave in-game. When I stood still the rabbit gave me sad emotes, my soul broke mah dude XD.Could not even add the person on steam. What the hellCan you just add a way so ppl can communicate more like a chat/voice chat or just a TAB menu where you can see everyone who is on the mapI would really like to see more in this game! If the developers add like,  better communication system, group making, Global chats and quests,  just basic things that make the game feel more aliveIt is a good game but needs work"
76561198080959641,Recommended,486310,26329375,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Celles,"I really like this game. It's very relaxing and definitely only for a certain type of person, but for a game that crashes every time I exit it its pretty good. There is a lot to explore and being in a big group is really fun. You can jump off the map whenever you want so thats cool.Only thing I don't like so much is that you have to own shelter, shelter2, and paws I believe to play the rest of the characters that you can't unlock on your own. Thats like $40 or something for a few achievements. Thats pretty annoying to me but certainly not the end of the world.Meadow is $3 and definitely worth the price. Rankings also add some replay value to it. If you're on the fence about it, you won't be disappointed."
76561198068769124,Not Recommended,486310,26484304,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Link,"First off, I loved the Shelter games and the whole concept that Might and Delight have for their games is all well and good. Just not Meadow.Its a great idea, full of potential and definitely worth a good look.Just not right now. Its very poorly optimized, the servers seem to lag even when it says 60 millisecond ping, and has frame rate issues even on high-end machines that can run Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor like a dream.I like the concept, the idea behind this game and the vision of what it could be. I want this game to succeed and be very popular, but the classification as a ""full game"" is misleading. There is so much work needed on this game to get it out of ""unofficial Early Access"" territory.Love the series, hope it does really well, but I can't recommend it when its a bare-bones, un-optimized crash fest. Needs work."
,Not Recommended,486310,26252174,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Starman (Paradox),"Before you buy this, you better have the other games, or else you are kind of stuck. Now, I haven't played for that long but so far this has been really bad. Reading around and looking inside the game myself, there is barely anything you can do as of now. I wouldn't even call this a finished product.Pros:- Relaxing- Friendly peopleCons:- Need to have other games to unlock more animals- Small selection of animals you can play as (without p- FPS issues on populated servers"
76561198156859472,Not Recommended,486310,26253326,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,TerrA-Zina,"I can run shelter just fine.I can run shelter 2 just fine.I have all the graphic settings on lowest and this game still runs 3 fps. What the ♥♥♥♥???I really want to play this game, but apparantly, I can't. Currently waiting for my refund. I will delete this review and rebuy the game whenever they fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sorry and thank you."
,Not Recommended,486310,32477897,Posted: 16 June,all,ZEN Mode,"Meadow is relaxing, looks nice and the music is good... but... it's  boring.All there is to do in this game, is collect things, unlock emotes, use emotes and run around (with other players). That's it. I thought there would be more to it.I can see how the game can be enjoyable for some people, but it's just not my thing. I like competitive games, games with lots of stuff to do, games with lots of buttons... this isn't that. So for anyone looking to get this game, just be aware of what it actually is. I thought ""hmm... looks cool and it's cheap"", so I got it, but even at the low price, it's not worth it to me because I won't be playing this.I think this game could be great if there were some co-op activities in it."
,Recommended,486310,29752631,Posted: 6 February,all,Nahmay[SyL],"This game takes freeroam to a whole new level. The community is fantastic, the gameplay is so chill.. Happiness is just set in each time  you feel the need to join this world. I love it and I plan to play more shelter games because of it10/10 would recommend to those looking for a wondrous new adventure"
,Recommended,486310,28684995,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Spooky Wonderdoener,"Meadow offers a calming, non-confrontational experience, without the ties of a story or strict quests to complete in order to progress.Positives:-The graphics have their own charm, despite being just repeated textures. It's unique and sometimes really aesthetically pleasing, especially in caves.-The music is therapeutic, making the whole experience that much more relaxing.-Though lack of text / voice communication is out of the ordinary, it is actually genius as it promotes neutral / friendly communication amongst the community without it seeming like censorship or policing speech. I read that the main point of the game is communication, and it's interesting how people have managed to use the icons available as their language.-The game is easy to get used to, including controls (and if not, they are easily changeable).-There is no PVP or survival modes, so this game is entirely stress free - unless you're falling behind the group! I believe the producers do not plan to add these mechanics, either, which makes me glad!-The world itself is vast and offers a range of different environments to explore.-There is a good selection of animals to choose from - though I wouldn't complain if there were more ;)-The main mechanics of the game are finding and breaking open the rocks to get crystals, finding crystals and gathering flowers in order to harness essence. It doesn't seem like much, but for me it doesn't get boring.-There are no unreasonably annoying cooldowns for using calls, icons or actions.Negatives:(some of these points will be down to the game being incomplete, and I have no doubt updates in the future will fix these)-There are large chunks of the world missing. I don't know if this is intentional, but it can be distracting.-The eagle is not very rewarding to play as. With just one emote, no capability to land and slow flight I feel like the entire point of it existing is obsolete.-Some people may not get into the game because of how little there is to do, but this is not a problem if you enjoy roaming and exploring simulation games. Still could be more things in the game, which I do think are on their way anyway!-Graphics tend to lag when there is a group of more than 6 people.Overall a very sweet game which has made me smile - from the one person who waits for you to catch up to the group, to the joy when your group smashes open a big rock and all jump in unison. It is a good experience and I would recommend, especially if you need to unwind and just take a break from stress and negative feelings.Hope you keep updating the game, producers - you have my full support!"
76561198145882233,Recommended,486310,32903084,Posted: 27 June,all,YGODNEVERDIE :3,Beautiful and peaceful
76561198145274586,Recommended,486310,32885082,Posted: 27 June,all,frostings,"Love it. Gives you the feeeels! Just racing with the herd and waiting on the little badgers :) Following a tinyyyy red frog as he leads a baby lynx, 2 baby badgers (later a 3rd) and a rabbit along to various obelisks and flowers. So chills :)"
76561198322019307,Recommended,486310,32902106,Posted: 27 June,all,dustachio,No cheating. No hate. A genuinely relaxing game.
76561198122567010,Recommended,486310,32811472,Posted: 26 June,all,Hollow,"A very relaxing and therapeutic game, recommend it to anyone who just wants to relax and have fun exploring."
,Recommended,486310,27750356,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ThreepiOwen,"Although fairly basic in its premise, Meadow is still a really nice social experience. With future updates to the roster of available animals (there are at least 7 animals used in the promo material that haven't appeared in-game yet), and regular tweaks and fixes, it is an absolute bargain at £1.99."
,Recommended,486310,26271132,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Lime Cultivist,"This is my very favorite MMO.It's unlike any other I've played because there's no combat, no quests, and no main goal of any kind. You can run around as animals and collect flowers and shards for points and unlocks, or just lounge around by other players with no need to rush. Playing as different animals is fantastic- this game is a definite one for animal enthsiasts.The visuals for both the world and its creatures are unique and made up of colored shapes fitting together like puzzle pieces, which really fits the chill nature of the game. The music and sound effects are nature-y and calm (except the annoying but amusing goat and lynx calls. You know which ones I'm talking about).Meadow highly encourages cooperation and camaraderie. There's no text chat at all, so the usual spam, rage, and ""selling this this this this this this and this"" copy pasted 50 times is gone. That's not to say that you have to greet other people, you can ignore them and teleport back to the main tree or your set home if another player is bothering you (plus there are angry and goodbye emotes).The greatest thing about this communication is how it breaks the language barrier. I've seen tons of usernames in different languages, but with emotes we all speak the same tongue.Next is the obelisks. Obelisks can only be opened by multiple players and contain the colorful shards that unlock more emotes (red), skins (blue), and new animals (yellow). It was brilliant to add these, and even better that everyone gets the same amount of shards instead of forcing a greedy rush to be the person that grabs them. This incentive to play in groups has led to many of the best moments with other people and the greatest explorations of the game world.And man do I love the game world, you'll learn quickly when you play that it's split into beautiful areas like the western winter plain and southern fall forests. Although there's no in-game map, this adds a bit of mystery and excitement when you explore places you've never seen (if you ever get really lost, there are player-made maps too). And once you learn landmarks it feels great to know your way around - you get really immersed in the world.Finally is the community: I don't think I've ever been encouraged to help a community more than this one. Because of Meadow I made the first guide I've ever done and spent lots of time in game getting the info I needed. Despite playing solo for that, it was also one of the most memorable times as well (and I learned the map really well in the process). There's no race to the top unless you want the highest essence score, but for once in a game it's worth taking tmore time to help others.Because of the recent summer sale the game has grown, and I really want to see it keep growing. I can see several more animals in the future and new mechanics as well, so here's to this game's future. No matter when it dies (which, as an online game, it will eventually), I'll never forget Meadow."
,Recommended,486310,33001851,Posted: 29 June,all,-(smk)- the Turtle Tamer,"So much I could say about a game that's just so simple and pure.It's the perfect game to play at the end of a long, stressful day. The atmosphere reminds me of good memories in my past...it brings me back in time to those childhood days that we all long to return to, before all of the innocence was lost. There is something familiar and almost nostalgic in the beautiful artwork and textures throughout the lands of Meadow. Everytime I adventure, I feel like I've been there before, and I am returning to a place of warmth and love which I had forgotten about.It is amazing how much can be accomplished and how well so many others can cooperate with a few simple emotes and actions in order to adventure around the world, collecting flowers, breaking down mysterious obelisks for treasures, eating food, exploring deep, hidden caves, climbing to the mountain tops or just lounging around in the beautiful forests.The music is phenomenal, and so fitting to the rest of the wonderful atmosphere this world has to offer. Everything in the game feels positive and relaxing to me. You can meet up with totally unknown strangers in the form of cute animals and connect on some level in this magical little world. There is no text or voice chat, which works wonders in the long run. This game is almost troll/grief-proof and I love it for that.I imagine playing this game for many hours more, well into the future. It calms me down, while at the same time engaging my interests to explore and adventure into the unknown with friends and strangers alike. This game is well worth the money, and I encourage you check out the other games Shelter 1/2 and Paws if you get the chance."
76561198042111891,Recommended,486310,29786184,Posted: 8 February,all,Satoshi Kun,"I've always loved Shelter 2 (and although I never played the first Sheltered, I might have to now) and when I saw Meadow I gasped and thought 'I need to have it, it looks adorable.' When I saw that it was only 3 USD, needless to say my wallet was open and the game was suddenly in my library.I've always been fascinated by non-verbal games. You can communicate with a series of animal-noises, symbol emotes, and picture emotes (such as a symbol for several animals, a symbol for a flower, an exclamation (!) point, a question (?) mark etc, as well as a happy face corresponding to your animal, a sad face, etc)The only real 'goal' here is to slowly collect flowers and puzzle-pieces to unlock the free animals. If you own any other Shelter games, you have those animals for free, and each animal has several skins."
76561198337689740,Recommended,486310,31452092,Posted: 29 April,all,Spooky'Tater,"This game is great! The good thing is, there's no chat. But there are emotes you can use to ask and tell things. And it's impossible to be mean, but some people can be selfish. If you get the game, don't be that person for example when someone finds something you decide to pretend you found it and get in front of that person. But yes, this game is great! Someone make this a thing #BadgerLivesMatterToo"
,Recommended,486310,32740760,Posted: 24 June,all,rockyroche,love this game <3
76561198130213290,Recommended,486310,33061837,Posted: 30 June,all,番茄撒点糖,I love this game!! it's so fun with so many suprises in there!! It's prefect for relaxing
76561198293753354,Recommended,486310,32978224,Posted: 29 June,all,Rockchick56,Great peacefull game
,Recommended,486310,31088496,Posted: 11 April,all,CoolSchmool,great for some zoning out days
,Recommended,486310,33116143,Posted: 1 July,all,crazy top hat,sit back and explore a world were you and some buddys are they key to everything
,Recommended,486310,32362447,Posted: 12 June,all,Westwood,I've never felt more whimsical.
,Recommended,486310,28691413,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,gem ♡ᵕ̈,"A really relaxing and cute game to play, only played a few hours of it so far but I'm looking forward to playing more"
,Recommended,486310,32386840,Posted: 13 June,all,someone,"I like this game, as others have stated it does have a calming effect. There's no trash talking or trolling, you can meet a group of players (animals) and they will always greet you happily. You work together to find essence and obelisks, which in turn unlock new animals/emotes and skins. I like the simple communication system.I hope the developers continue to work on this game, or release a new one, because it's a unique and fun experience.My criticism would be that essence after a certain point is pointless. Unless you want to try get in top 100 leaderboards to get the white eagle (which is impossible for a new player). I've unlocked all the skins/animals, now i just fly around with the eagle helping others, and there's no real desire to collect essence anymore."
76561198301508062,Recommended,486310,29976432,Posted: 16 February,all,Wisp_The_Wolf,"I have spent a good amount of time on this game and I think I can give it a fair and realistic review.In Meadow you play from a variety of different animals and explore the world in search of Obelisks and Puzzle Pieces. These are required to unlock new emotes, skins and different animals. This can become tedious over time which is why I wouldn't recommend playing this game for a long period of time.Meadow is a quiet little game that is enjoyable to play every now and then as it relieves me of stress and relaxes me. This game is a little gem in my eyes. The community seems rather friendly and I've yet to see anything negative regarding this. This game emits a positive and creative vibe.However Meadow is not the same as Shelter 1 and 2. There is no hunting and there is no survival involved. The game is peaceful and there is no killing or threats involved. If you want a game filled with action or are looking for a game similar to Shelter then this is NOT the game for you. This game has a more relaxed sense of gameplay and is suitable for an audience looking for a peaceful experience. You will not be on the edge of your seat whilst playing.I will mention that to unlock every bit of content in this game you will need to buy all of the Shelter games, soundtracks and books (all of the DLC). By doing this you simply unlock the eagle character and a few unique emote actions and sounds. I personally wouldn't bother buying everything unless you absolutely want to.Overall, I enjoy this game. It's stress free and I've had many funny moments with my friend on here, we even made an inside joke from our experience. It's not the most action packed of all the games out there, but this game is unique and is good for its price. I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,486310,33018818,Posted: 29 June,all,Catacaramel,"Meadow is a game that I personally enjoy (shown by my 50 hours in it) and so do many others, but not everyone is going to enjoy this game. If you like animal games, collecting stuff, and/or roleplaying, this is most likely the game for you. If it isn't, you still only payed a maximum of $3 for it, so it's easy to get enough hours/enjoyment from it to make that money worth it before it dies out. Do be warned, however: there are animals you can only get buy having Shelter games and there is no chat.GameplayI'd personally call this game a walking simulator. You mainly run around the map all day. This game is as small and simple as it's price, so this can be expected, but it doesn't take away from the game much at all. The map may seem large at first, but you get used to it and learn it's more of a medium size. Not so big you get lost, and not so small you get tired of it quickly. There's quite a few obvious landmarks to help guide you through the map, such as mountains.So clearly, you explore a lot, and of course, there is a reason for this: you can collect things. Similar to other Shelter games, there's plenty of things to collect and plenty of achievements around collecting. In this game, things do spawn in specific locations, but will respawn after a randomized amount of time. You can find food, flowers, obelisks, and magical floating crystal things. Each time you colllect one, you get some essence, which are your points. Collecting also lets you unlock animals, emotes, skins, voices, and actions.This game is also good for roleplaying. With no chat, the game is slightly more realistic. Roleplaying is quite simple and can be fun as long as you don't lay around rather than do something such as hunt.And as for the chat, no, it's not a problem at all. In fact, it's a big part of Meadow. One huge benefit of using emotes is you can communicate with anyone which allows a wider range of players to play the game with each other. The game basically has its own language that the players speak and is quite easy to learn, though it could still use a few more emotes.GraphicsMight and Delight's Shelter games all have unique, simplistic, artsy types of graphics that make the game easy to run and look pretty. They use patterns for their textures which is something I haven't seen in any games besides Shelter games. While the textures are nice, there isn't too much else, since the game is simplistic and easy to run. It doesn't have any advanced lighting and extreme graphics to make a realistic world, but it still looks nice and only fits with the game's style to not have such things. You can probably run this game on just about any computer just fine.IssuesIn this game, I can promise you lag, but only under one condition: very, very large groups. In this game, people will often group up, and sometimes, this can be a problem. In relatively average groups (maybe 5 or so people) you won't be affected. But sometimes, there will be way too many people, and this will cause your frame rate to drop to a range around 10 fps in extremely large groups. I've tried turning down my settings, but this lag seem to be unescapable. Groups this large tend to be uncommon and can be avoided if you wish.Other than lag, really the only problems are bugs and glitches (and the fact that you can climb everything but the center tree since it has an invisible barrier). Bugs are common when it comes to you and other people, since sometimes, other players will be spinning around an axis, upsidedown, or moving while stuck in a position (laying, sitting, etc.). I have had times where I fell through rocks, but that's only twice and didn't do anything. Most bugs are just silly screenshots. As for glitches, you can do things such as go underneath the landscape.And there you have it, what I have to say about Meadow. I'd recommend it to people who like Shelter games and/or animal games in general, since then you have access to more animals. It's quite fair and better than having to make those microtransactions just so you can look cool. Instead, you only have to buy another game for a cheap price. If I missed anything or anyone has a question, I may or may not be able to answer it."
,Recommended,486310,28385374,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Lady Kiri,"Essential this game is just a run around and collect stuff game.That being said, it's super adorible and really relaxing and I love it.I give this game a 9/10 and look forward to what it brings in the futureProsGreat artworkgood conceptgood musiccustomise your animalcustomise the controlsencourages to make friends easilyno chat, just purely emotes making for some interesting 'conversations'easy to make friendsrelaxing after a stressful day at work or stressful day with family.Conscan be somewhat laggycan be difficult to find other players if you play in an unpopular time zonedifficult to find the same people you played with before"
,Recommended,486310,28924512,Posted: 1 January,all,Cthulhu,"I know i havent logged alot of time, But i played for 44 minutes, i met a huge group of people. And there was one Badger and He would wait for me if i was falling behind, and would emote a smile when i caught up again. it was so fun. I really enjoyed it. I never had an time like that. it was so sad leaving. you cant say goodbye, or add the people you were building a bond with.I met a stranger, built a bond, then had to leave without getting a proper goodbye. I hope they allow it so you can add people or at least a goodbye emote. Best gameI love it its so much fun! Just sad when you have to leave behind all your friends that you made.10/10 seriously, Best time"
,Recommended,486310,31474913,Posted: 30 April,all,Strupesakit,"Like shelter 2, but instead of protecting children you are in a wide open world FULL of other players. There is no violence, everybody is working together to unlock things. They even reward you for having and of the shelter games, as I own Shelter 2 and got to be a lynx. Pretty cute and fun, would recommend 1000 times. A good game to brighten your day, especially if you just saw your family die in Shelter 2."
,Recommended,486310,29194952,Posted: 11 January,all,bay,absolutely wonderful game<3 so calming! i love how there's no chat system so you have to work together based on trust and friendship. restores faith in humanity in a small way tbh
76561198059094061,Recommended,486310,30450986,Posted: 11 March,all,TheTaleofCrim,I started up the game and was greeted a fox who got me my first achivement. Then I met a rabbit who taught me how to forage. We met some pheasents who showed us a secret cave.  Then I ran with a two linx who taught me how to smash rocks. The pack grew and we ran through the forests together. I knew none of their names but happily jumped and yipped alongside my etheral friends.
,Recommended,486310,32206669,Posted: 5 June,all,Esper,"A simple yet very cute game. You run around collecting flowers and running with others to use your voices to break magical rocks. You also gather puzzle pieces which are used to unlock new emotes, skins, and animals. It has great music as well which could put one to sleep in such a calming enviroment."
76561198066507371,Recommended,486310,28201180,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Cavy,"Overwhelmingly peaceful gameplay. Immerse yourself in a world of woodland creatures as you socialise and gather together to form harmonious bundles of fluff. When it comes down to aim.... there isn't much - objective is not the point of this game. The point of this game is simply to be. Just be a fluffy little creature scurrying around the woodland groves, exploring high mountains and deep deep caves.The more creatures that join you, the bigger 'stones' you are able to break which gives you essense for various unlocks.I see a small pack of foxes over there... they are calling to me. But alas I am merely a Lynx... will they accept me? I scurry over in hope for acceptance and with me joins a goat. Hello goat. We bark and whine and baa and meow our way across the land. Oh. What's this? A humble pack of badgers? HURRAH. Our squad is growing in infamous number! Oh, a croak I hear? Sir Froggerton joins the pack, bouncing his way to victory. We come across a large river... Froggerton smugly swims ahead of us... winking boastfully. Go to hell Froggerton with ur scampy little legs.My fur is wet. It is cold. I was just beaten by a FACKING frog. But the pack will keep me warm.152/10 will be outswam by a frog again."
,Recommended,486310,27614614,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,🍪ILoveCookiesLP🍪,"There was a lynx, he had a ball.Me beening the rebel badger I stole the ball from the lynx.He gave me the angry emoticon and took the ball back.I never saw him again.10/10Never stole animals balls again ;)"
,Recommended,486310,28660728,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Katores,"A lot of fun exploring with your friends, grate soundtrack. noice/10"
,Recommended,486310,26409829,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Sam O'Hickey,"""Generally, I like it.""-The DukeA very relaxing game, reminds me somewhat of Journey in the way you communicate with other players.  You are able to find one another if you are friends playing together, as well!  My wife and I did so.  We just get on to explore a bit from time to time when we need to chiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiilllllllllllllllllllllllll...."
,Recommended,486310,26411690,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,✯ korppi,"beautiful, calming, and smile inducinggreat game for one so inexpensive"
76561198070747413,Recommended,486310,26412297,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,∇ΔLΔRMΩRGHULIS,"I have only played this game for like 3 days but... omg. This so far one of the most immersive games ever. I know it's nothing much (as in designing) but this is seriously my vibe! <3In terms of ambience, atmosphere, soundtracks and etc, this is so 10/10.Fluidity of controls: 8/10, takes a while for me to jump on rocks xDGlitches & Bugs: There are a few, as I said before, jumping over or on rocks. Sometimes I can literally drown into a hill but that's fine. Other than that, this is worth RM 8 (or whatever it is in USD xD)And devs, if you do get more funds for this game, please do create more areas with different themes because exploring the same areas are gonna get boring in awhile ;)The community is really great! Everyone I have played with have been sooo friendly! It's sad that we don't know who we are playing with but the hell with it! Love this game to bits! <3 Please don't abandon this game devs!"
,Recommended,486310,28459103,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Chips,"Very calm and relaxing game, very nice people (animals) to meet and explore with. Love this game."
76561198037833490,Recommended,486310,32368695,Posted: 12 June,all,denova1,"I have played for a few hours and so far, I have mixed, though generally positive, feelings about Meadow.I find the movement system clunky, I tend to run in circles when I mean to veer left or right.  Not being able to chat with other players is strange.  I do like to symbol/picture system, but I feel bad when I meet with someone, hang out a bit, then have to log and can't tell them I'll be back, etc.  I end up simply using the wave emote, then logging and hoping the figure it out.I own Shelter 2, so in theory I should also be able to play the Lynx, but I have not been able to figure out how to access that animal. The game is a bit light on helpful instruction. Meadow is relaxing, simple and fun.  No drama of stryfe between players.My negative feedback is that there isn't a lot to do.  There are balls that sit about the game, and I thought we could arrange a cool cross-species soccer match with one, but how do I communicate that?  You hunt for flowers and crystals and hope to find a group to go bust obelisks...then what?"
76561198303219152,Recommended,486310,32358405,Posted: 11 June,all,ssbrooks96,"Relaxing, peaceful, serene...As an insomniac and a ""not-so-hardcore"" gamer, this game is a dream.Perfect for a mind-calming experience before bed or a relaxing playtime when the world has gotten too loud.I really adore this game."
76561198158452026,Recommended,486310,32370668,Posted: 12 June,all,Psil_Semilan,Sick and tired of competition and/or violence? Have a break and share some love.
76561198278948946,Recommended,486310,32380656,Posted: 12 June,all,Spooky Misaki,"A really great game when you are stressed or just want to chill and run a youtube video in the background/listen to music. I love how it looks, and its so cool when you meet up with a group of animals who run together. I actually got sad when I was left behind because I was slower than the other animals! A great game. The only con I have is that when I was travelling with 15+ animals, My frames dropped to 20 and below. I don't really understand what caused it since I can play a lot of the newest games at 60+ fps at highest settings, but it really doesn't matter since theres no PVP, just chill and look around :)"
,Recommended,486310,26440625,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,OVERDOSE,"An amazing game, fun, and got me addicted after playing the game in a span of 15 minutes.And of course, easier said than done, but I'd love to make a few suggestions;Huntable prey, that you can track to find; red pawprints = npc, white pawprints = playerMore animals that you can unlock without buying a Shelter games, making it more fun for those who don't have the other gamesMore sign language signs, such as; a stop sign, like a little hand facing forwardLevelling up your character by breaking obilisks, catching/eating prey, and taking crystals/flowers, and by levelling up, your character becomes stronger, faster, and slightly biggerVegetarian food that you can find off the ground, such as carrots, greens, and edible grass for the goatsPVP mode/PVP servers, or, you join a pack and it's non PVP for your pack, but you can hurt people who aren't in your packOf course, a button to swipe a paw/bite/kick, for PVPWhen you go on the snow biome, the back of your animal has a little pile of snow on itPawprints that last longer, if you want to track old tracks to find somethingI know that it's hard to edit and add things to  games, but I hope you add a few of these, or at least hunting and levelling up your character.But, be warned; if you aren't patient, and cannot cooperate with other people, this game is not for you!But if you are, then I seriously recommend this game. Gather crystals and flowers with your friends; and explore the ways of communicating by using signs and emotes instead of words."
,Recommended,486310,27122347,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,"Ya tebe ne kotyonok, pes",You find your friendship on a meadow
,Recommended,486310,26554970,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,kozuo,Probably one of the most relaxing games iver ever played. Play it in 30 mintue to 1hr intervals and you'll never get bored. Just pleasantly nice and enjoyable.
76561198215145909,Recommended,486310,26380707,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Valentinetty,"If you read the description and get a basic idea of the game from a friend, it doesn't sound very intriguing or excelling. However, after you probably watch one of the videos or play the game for a little bit, you tend to realize the easy fun a person can have, and how this game is so simple, yet so fun. If you're looking to be relaxed or have a blast with some people, I recommend this game. Thanks."
76561198029558240,Recommended,486310,26379013,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Klinx,"No survival aspects, nothing to fight, and nothing can kill you, not even falling off the map or a giant mountain. This game is more a target towards people who enjoy seeing their score increase and completionists, as well as people who love to roleplay or enjoy a nice slow paced playstyle.It's very much like The Endless Forest and Journey in the aspect that it's a social game focused on simply connecting with other people. There's no chat box, and the only way to communicate is through noise, icons and emotes. This makes the game very diverse as in everyone no matter where they are in the world or what language they speak can enjoy the game for what it is too."
,Recommended,486310,28091181,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,adnuminousnot,"Meadow is the most relaxing game I've ever played. It has a large map which you are free to roam at your own pace alone or  in groups with other players and quite a few species you can play as and unlock skins for with more to come in future updates. The friendly environment of the community feels very welcoming and as there's currently no chat feature and communicating is done solely through emotes the game is free of the kind of toxic abuse you often find in other games.I wouldn't say this game is for everyone, if you prefer a faster paced game with action this might not be your thing, but if you want to play something relaxing and fun that will leave you with a smile on your face then Meadow is most definitely worth buying, especially at the current price which is pretty low for the hours of enjoyment you're likely to get from it."
76561198042587108,Recommended,486310,29198387,Posted: 11 January,all,Slipren,Great game.Exactly what I paid for.
76561198273869010,Recommended,486310,26280582,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Mystical,"This game is for those who want to enjoy the experience of Shelter, without worrying about raising a family. I love how people have to work together to figure out what each other is communicating, brilliant idea on the Devs part. Overall, the gameplay is excellent, the skins for the animals are stunning, and the map is huge. Great game for all ages!"
76561198251201092,Recommended,486310,33529632,Posted: 13 July,all,jennyyy10,">Log on>Confused??>Find other badger cubs>run around aimlessly>discover the magic of flowers and little shiny rocks>excited.png>find cooler, bigger badger>mOM>mom falls into giant waterfall, dissapears>see others>sad>mom reappears>hey that's cool>run around with more people, getting more magical flowers and sticks>finally get a new animal>hyped>its a ♥♥♥♥ing frog>oh well-A few hours later>Join european server>haha im not in europe im such a rule breaker>extremely fluent in emoticon>run around for 10 minutes trying to reach large group>finally get to them>LAG.JPEG>like 3 fps>there's this guy that puts some kind of fire behind them when they walk>cool>open like 69 obilisks>get left behind a ton>more animals>more lag>repeat10/10 would run around for 20 minutes again"
76561198085757098,Recommended,486310,33425579,Posted: 10 July,all,DarkI,"I started out small, with a few yips i made my first friend. Togeather we ran across open fields and down scary mountains, we found ourselves at the mouth of a tremendous cave and searched it we did. At the very end we found the most magnificent waterfall with a beautiful path leading down. After this great discovery we happened upon a pack of animals searching the lands. Searching for old relics only known by the animals. With this knowledge passed down I became a leader. Leaving my once dear friend I led the pack to more and more relics. With each one i gained fame, and with more fame I gained their trust. As my fur began to change, the wiser I became. The pack grew in numbers, the pack grew into a family. We waited for the slow and old, We moved as one. Together we were stronger then ever and we used that strength to find and open the most ancient of relics. As I strut with my flowing red hair in the physical form of a goat, the pack would follow. I could feel the strength of my findings turn cold. The reward for leading the pack as a goat no longer came in the form of body inhancements. The pack no longer needed me. I no longer needed to lead. I lied down and said my good bye, and the pack of 20 strong all together gave their sympathy as I transended into somthing greater.10/10 best animal simulator."
,Recommended,486310,33417754,Posted: 9 July,all,Thranduil,I can recommend the game to others if you like games that do not include chat only have emotes to communicate and are relaxing.However the creators have said they won't ever put text chat in it and their refusal to do so is because they don't want to have to have people abuse it and they claim that although it's forum in game's clothing that text chat isn't needed. It's a shame really as my expectation of it was that because it was forum in games clothing we'd have text chat but they say there are no plans to add it. Sadly it's a good game but if you don't like the fact that text chat is never going to exist than you may not like it. However if you don't care about that and are willing to support might and delight with the game than you'll absolutely enjoy the game if you don't get bored easily.The games been steadily improved and there are some features like you can now do more than one emote righ after the other which makes communication much easier. also for it's price it's a nice relaxing game to unwind with if you need a break from highly competitive stuff.
,Recommended,486310,33612598,Posted: 17 July,all,Solar,"Fun, relaxing game. It is impossible to die (even if you jump off the edge of the world) so there is no stress. You just run around finding flowers, gems, and other people. You can only chat by using emotes which you unlock by collecting flowers/gems.I can definitely recommend this game since the price is so low, it is worth every penny!"
,Recommended,486310,26380674,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Kitten,"Found a group, joined, was too slow and got left behind, jumped off the cliff10/10 Just like real life""No badger cub left behind. SYKE!"""
,Recommended,486310,26402710,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,captainLagger🐾,"The game is really nice, reminds me of The endless forest (just that this one actually runs and don't delete your account if you are inactive)It's a very relaxing game, where you wander around, break obelisks and collect flowers, often accompanied by other people playing as one of the currently available animals.This game is definitely not for everyone. if you like fast paced games, shooters, blood and gore, then this game will be really boring for you.However, if you some day need a game to relax, have no objectives and just enjoy some songs and walk around, then this is the ideal game.Just like the other two similar games (Shelter/2) this game is that, but multiplayer!For now you have no dangers , and no preys (and the eagles here aren't out to eat you!)What i like of this game :-It's another shelter-like game-Reminds me a lot of the endless forest-Is very relaxing-The music is nice (but could have more!)-There are many different skins for your animals-You can fill your den with many different animals (hopefully there will be more soon!)-Apparently you can fly-You get goodies for owning other M&D games.-Community is the sweetest you can ever find-Lack of chat. (no trolling, no insults, no drama, just animals squeaking around)-Big world-Flowers are easy to see and find-Achievements!What i do not like of this game (in current state)-When you lose connection, there is no option to recconnect! the game will instantly close and that is really annoying.-Several game breaking bugs-Follow camera stops working, and when it does, its kinda annoying (would be more comfortable if it were controlled like shelter2!)-Not enough achievements! (more flower gathering ones would be awesome)-World is kinda empty right now.-Needs more things to do and see/break/collect-Sometimes Fps drops considerably without reason, the only fix seems to be restarting the gameWhat i would like to see on this game-Small edible animal NPCS-Flowers and vegetables for  herbivore animals to eat-More flying creatures that do not require infinite grinding or owning all the games. (maybe some creatures with flying stamina!)-More animal skins-More varied animal screams/voices-More stuff to see/explore/break/collect-Better and bigger climbable places!I do recommend this game, personally i love it.On the old version of my review the game was really unplayable due to some horrible bugs that left you uncapable of  advancing on the game AT ALL.My problem was fixed by waiting to the next patch. when that patch was released, other people got this same bug...Currently the only solution for this seems to be wait for the next patch.I am sure tho, that all bugs will be fixed in time. patience will be the key with this game (just like with all other ones)- - [OLD] - -However i have some horrible game breaking bugs right now.-I get absolutely NO progress for ANY achievement, i played almost two hours as baby badger, and i did not even got the 10 mins badger achievement, nothing :ccollected over 50 flowers and no 10 flowers achievement, etc, no achievements work at all.- I unlock skins, emotes, new animals, but whenever i close the game, i lose ALL progressessence goes back to zero, and everything gets deleted!- there is no save data folder, none gets created either, there is no save option, and does not fix even when checking steam cache :/- It won't connect to steam to check for my other might & delight bought games :cit's weird since i only launch it trough steam- - > I left this trouble on the review because some people is still having this exact same trouble.The current reliable fix is just waiting for the next update."
76561198091043215,Recommended,486310,26439429,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Nick crompton hellcase.com,This game is great.BUT you have to buy all their games to get the lynx the bear cub and the adult badger.Which really sucks :P.I do like the game but I not my favorite game so the games you have to buy are: shelter for the adult badger shelter 2 for the lynx and the lynx cub and paws gets you the bear cub which in total costs over 40 euros.So its not worth it buying all the games if you really dont have an urge to play as all of those so yeah its a good game its cute but can be expensive so il give it a 8/10 so i would buy it if i where you.
,Recommended,486310,28584249,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Zaylithe,"I love this game, so much fun to play and the aspect of never knowing who you're playing with is so enjoyable to me. A very stress-free and relaxing game to play."
,Recommended,486310,32975134,Posted: 28 June,all,DavidStrides,"Meadow is a beautiful, open world that will have you awed in only a few minutes of play. I bought this game during the steam summer sale and I already have 21.8 hours of play, I had no idea I'd become so addicted to such a simple, beautiful game. Meadow starts you off as a badger cub, letting you explore the open multiplayer world looking for puzzle pieces to unlock new skins, animals, and emotions. Sometimes you'll find puzzle pieces around the world as you explore, but most the time you need to open obelisks, which take more than one player to unlock. This game brings people together, and the best part is that you can't communicate with them through text or with a microphone! You have to use your emotes and commands to make groups, follow people to obelisks, guide people to obelisks, and sometimes you need more than one other player to unlock bigger obelisks as you go. I personally loved this feature the most, being able to communicate in only emotes made it so much easier to talk to people in-game who may not speak my language, giving me a new experience to explore with someone I may have never thought to explore a game with. As a player who generally enjoys playing solo on multiplayer games, I have to say this is one of the first games that truly made me want to make friends and be close to strangers in a game to complete a common goal we all have in it, to unlock new features and to enjoy the beauty of the world around us.Pros:- Addictive- Utterly beautiful artstyle- Super friendly community- Plenty of things to do in-game as any creature you've unlocked- Gives you bonus animals for having the Shelter games and soundtracks- Very easy on the eyesCons:- No map that shows all the locations, there is scent which shows the main tree and all the other players but that's about it"
,Recommended,486310,32972838,Posted: 28 June,all,Aisik,"I've played shelter 1 and 2 and was really exited for this one. I didn't quite know what to expect, but I knew for sure it's gonna be great for roleplay.So there I was, spawned in the unknown world... Not alone though! There was a rabbit trying to communicate to me. He proposed to go somewhere, so I followed. We found some flowers and my first obelisk (or monolith?) He showed to me how to open those. Then we ran across a big herd of different animals... At that point I thought... Geez, when is that tutorial's gonna end..? It took me a while to realize that those were REAL PEOPLE, not tutorial bots. I was lucky to meet that rabbit, who explained the obelisks to me.I struggled to understand how to change my animal. I also was confused at first about the emotes and used a ""hello"" instead of a joy one :D Oh, and one more thing - sometimes obelisks require a specific animal to call for it. The icons of the animals are in the menu, where you can choose your animal.Just saying it now, you can change an animal in the menu. Where there are letters on the left and some visuals on the right and center of the screen... Those are not just visuals - there are animals laying you can choose. The emotes are same for every animal, so look up those to better understand their meaning. Overall the tutorials in the community are pretty useful, so I recommend those.My overall thoughts are that it's a pretty good game for me, but might not be a good choice for others. You basically are exploring, collecting and roleplaying. The only my concern is that for certain animals you need to own specific games. It would of been fine, if only those animals wouldn't be a requirement for opening some of the obelisks.I'm happy I bought it (also it had a good discount)"
,Recommended,486310,33705296,Posted: 21 July,all,Chia,"Play as an animal! Explore with others! Do all of this without uttering a single word! There's no chatting here, just emotes. And I thought this was going to be a really bad thing, but it sort of added that kind of RP thing into it. I mean, animals can't talk right? You can make cutesy noises though. The graphics is like looking into a sort of artwork, like a paper maché, and the animals are like living piñatas XDOverall, it is a relaxing social game. It's cute, it's nice. A different kind of experience."
,Recommended,486310,34296654,Posted: 16 August,all,MashieExp,"Oh wow!!This game is absulotely amazing! You get in a server with other animals (players) and you go on an adventure with them. You get to explore, play, and even eat with them. This game is super fun and gives you the time to forget about racism and other world problems just to sit back, relax and have fun with your new friends that you know absulotely nothing about, but would love to spend hours with them...I just wish I could friend people through the game...Before buying: Telling everyone that you're going to leave is extremely painful and makes you emotonal! Buyer be advised! =POverall, i'd recommend the hell out of this game if you just want to relax from the real world.9/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,486310,32696822,Posted: 23 June,all,van der Pieron,"Logged into for the first time ever (had bought the game for 2 euro).Found some random people (animals) and said ""hi"".Spent some time togheter using emotes and learning game's basics.Join larger group of other animals and rushed for adventures.After 1 hour of gameplay, I had given control to my younger sis and gone to have a shower.Almost cried on how are people wonderful..Not a single word about politics or hate. Not a single word at all. Only emotes, random animals' sounds and wonderful cooperation.Thank you, you restored my faith in human(animal)kind.Let's all just do the same in our societies, the world will be a way better place.9,5/10-0,5 point for terrible camera movment, please invent something else."
,Recommended,486310,32964889,Posted: 28 June,all,SushiChip,Cute and fun game that I like to play in my free time. Hearing loud yipping behind you as you lead a group of badger cubs is the best.
76561198257325298,Recommended,486310,26301045,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,missymooxxx11,i love this game but when u go in to a sever with alot of people in it it laggs like madplz add a bye button in u have a hello but not bye   apart from that great game and great price
76561198178318222,Recommended,486310,26362624,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,♤PearlInASuit♤,This game is the very bane of my existance.
,Recommended,486310,26238259,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Landy,"Beautiful, fun and simply relaxing. Great work on the soundtrack. So much feels."
76561197985552210,Recommended,486310,26241162,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Spadework [138 Keys],"Wow. Can I just say that I had no expectations for this game. I saw it advertised to me, and it look interesting. All I knew going in was it was about exploring as an animal and one review said it was a ""walking simulator"". It's so much more than that.I spawned into the beautiful world as a Badger Cub with just some calls to make and 3 emotions to show. I quickly found a group of badgers and we used our emotes to group up and explore the world with eachother. Our objective, collecting flowers and essences and essentially looking for treasure and beautiful scenery.My adventures brought me through dense forests where relics can be found and several animals are required to be present for it to break open and present its treasures. We found a few of these and continued on before entering beautiful cave system. After emerging from that, it seemed much of our group at scattered and gotten lost or broken out into their own groups. Nevertheless, we reach the crest of a hill and my badger cub buddies, a long with a graceful deer and a happy little frog happened upon another large group. We quickly joined forces and were off on our adventure.Now, I noticed there was a set of beautiful waterfalls to go towards, and because I obviously can't type (I'm an animal) I couldn't convey to this large group there may be something worth checking out. Afraid to leave my new friends, I followed them in the opposite direction. After getting their attention because I happened them upon some treasure, I made them follow me all the way back to the waterfalls.We arrive, and break into the cold waters where some icebergs are floating and we can stand on them. In the excitement of this new beauty, my group splits off and starts following what I beleive to be a mountain lion. I'm standing alone on my own iceberg, while everybody is heading away. I'm crying, because I see them leaving but there is an amazing cave system to explore behind the waterfall that they didn't notice.I continue crying, and they cry back, but it seems nobody is turning around for me. I accept that they are long gone, and I enter the caves by myself. What I uncovered I can only explain as the most beautiful cave system. It must of spanned a mile tall with 3 waterfalls coming from what seems like heaven. I make my way up around the outer walls on a path, sad because my previous friends are not experiencing the beauty of this all with me.I eventually exit the cave and come to accep that I am by myself. But I am okay. Because it doesn't matter what other people think, I know what I did."
,Recommended,486310,26272474,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Radical_Edward,"A very funny game with exploration and tons of lulz with other animal fellows, especially when climbing on the highest mountain point in a cool company or searching for new companions to crush monoliths with the power of Thuum). I hope that technical issues will be solved soon and the game becomes even better!"
,Recommended,486310,26301449,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Helsby,"I've not played a game quite like meadow before and at first I wasn't completely sold. The store page had me confused but the low price tag got the best of my curiousity.A really unique social experience with fantastic art and music that creates a relaxing environment.It's hard to explain, so just try it out for yourself, I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,486310,26361983,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Ajan,"This game is actually pretty awesome!And chill :)If you are looking for a child safe mmo, then this is it.There is no violence, no language - only bodylanguage and emotes."
,Recommended,486310,26291296,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Bransm,"I had a little over $3 in my Steam Wallet, a few hours to kill, and was simply looking for a game to pass the time. For $3, I was prepared to play the game once and then never again. You get what you pay for, you know? But I was actually kind of surprised with how much I enjoyed this game.It's simple. It's quiet. It's relaxing. It's kinda pretty in it's own cloth-store kind of way. And I enjoyed exploring and unlocking new things.The game is only running at 15-20fps, though, so that's brutally slow. I'm not sure why the game is bogged down but I'm hoping the devs fix it. It's somewhat tolerable here only becasue the game is simple enough that the low frame rate doesn't really affect much. Yes, it's noticable. Yes, it get in the way.. but it's tolerable in short bursts.If you're thinking of getting this game and are reading reviews, I assume you're somewhat interested and informed on the title already. My personal opinion is that if you've made it this far, it's worth picking up. Heck, you have 2 hours to request a refund and you'll know in the first 15-20 minutes if it's worth keeping in your library. The game still needs work, but it's enjoyable and playable in its current state."
76561198008056806,Recommended,486310,26282239,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Sylvan Princess Sprout,"Very serene relaxing game where you simply run around and find puzzle pieces to unlock emotes, skins, and animals. There's flowers to collect as well but they only add ""essence"" and steam achievements.There is no way to communicate with other animals, besides emotes. Which is weirdly nice and interesting. There's also no explaination as to what it is exactly you should to be doing... Right now your animal doesn't need to eat, drink, sleep, or have a fear in the world. You litterally just run around, and for some reason I'm perfectly content with that...There will be more content to come. But it is cute enough to waste a few hours in this little wonder world."
76561198041681580,Recommended,486310,26361659,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,older than dirt,This game is so relaxing and fun! Very nice community. A game for those that just want to chill and explore.
76561198120554502,Recommended,486310,26273168,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Adalii,"One of the best adventure type games I have ever played. To be fair im a HUGE fan of all the other Might n Delight Games, so it's no surprise I also like this one.Made friends with about 4 badgers, a deer, and a rabbit as our leader we wandered around the map looking for those big rock things. Learned a lot about how to actually open those and explored a pretty cool purple cave for a little.Also learned you could jump off a cliff and die. Oops."
76561198297244275,Recommended,486310,26278317,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Tuula Dowell,"THIS IS SOOO GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!But,if you are looking for something like the original Shelter and Shelter 2, do not buy this. This is an exploration game where you can be many animals set in the world of the shelter games. You can find other players and break rock thingies to get more stuff. ( Skins, animals, emotes, etc. ) If you own the first shelter, you unlock a mother badger to play as. If you own Shelter 2, you can play as a mother lynx. If you own Paws, you can play as the bear cub, but I don't know how to get the lynx cub yet. If you own ALL the Shelter games, including Paws, you can play as the eagle from the first shelter that threatens your babies.Pros: Fun exploration game, massively multiplayer, not boring that much, relaxing, and much more that I can't think of right now.Cons: Kinda laggy unless you put the graphics on low, hard controls that are nothing like Shelter and Shelter 2, ANNND of course the biggest con wich is, NOT ENOUGH FRICKEN EMOTES TO TELL PEOPLE WHAT I WANT TO TELL THEM!If you're still here after those dreadfull cons, I HIGHLY RECOMEND THIS GAME TO EVERYONE!! And seriously, if you don't like it, you're only wasting $2.99. It's not that big of a deal to lose three dollars.K I'm gonna go back to playing Meadow now."
76561198042172112,Recommended,486310,26303359,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,MangoSorbet,"Meadow is a co-operative explore-em-up with rudimentary non-verbal communication in the vein of Journey, and if you enjoyed the latter you're sure to love this game.The visuals are as gorgeous as you'd expect from Might and Delight, but where the game really shines is the opportunity to run wild with other players. The game's many secrets are much more fun to experience with others - including sacred obelisks, exploding mushrooms and even a 'soccer ball'!If you're willing to put in a little time 'socialising' and learning the etiquette - it's so intuitive that you'll be able to pick it up without a written guide - you'll have a blast with this."
,Recommended,486310,33819051,Posted: 26 July,all,Bunnie0706,"5 out of 5 starsThis is a splendid piece of art and game where you start out as a badger club and wander around picking up flowers in rarity.(´｡• ᵕ •｡`) ♡ -- What I Loved Best- Te scenery is very beatuiful; shows the glory of the moutains, the skies, the grass, the flowers, and the creek- There are cute animals you can unlock and play with; i'm waiting for the bunnie- Soothing and calm music to listen to- You get to meet other players and interact with them; that is IF you can FIND them- I love it when I finally find a flower after searching for so long- You don't die in this game- Your animal makes little cute sound when you left click٩(｡•́‿•̀｡)۶ -- What Was Ohkay- The 360 scrolling really makes my head hurt after a while- I wish there were more flowers I could find, I only hunted 15 in almost 25 mins(⇀‸↼‶) -- What Could've Been BetterOverall, for 3$, this was worth the price. If you are into sceneric games, animals, and a fun time to relax, this game is for you"
,Recommended,486310,32357318,Posted: 11 June,all,Mothoween,"I'm somewhat upset because within an hour this became myfavoritemmo because it warmed my cold, dead heart and made me genuinely happyThere's no fighting, only basic communication, and you and your new animal acquaintances will quickly become friends and have to work together to find new emotes, skins, and unlock new animalsI would buy this again even if it wasn't on saleIf you're even remotely interestedbuy it now"
76561198283968925,Recommended,486310,34134908,Posted: 9 August,all,SnowLeopard,"Fun to be all the diferent animals and interact with people, worth the price for sure"
76561198144202180,Recommended,486310,34083724,Posted: 7 August,all,ℳα∂αмe 丅σƒƒεε,"I love the artistic design and feel of the game, you can acquire more animals, skins and emotes. Everyone i met in this so far is very nice and often go on adventures across the map looking for obelisks and flowers. The game is great for its low price, but if you want to get other exclusive animals like the Lynx, cub Lyxn and bear cub, you have to have purchased some of their previous games, which is not that bad considering that their other games are just like this but have more of a story to it. If you dont wish to buy more of their games, you can still acquire (after having the first animal, the badger cub) the frog, rabbit, goat, fox and pheasant, all comes with different unique skins if you wish to explore with them.I would recommend this game for everyone who likes a little bit of adventure, and if youre artsy then this will be very fun too."
,Recommended,486310,27748698,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,105T,"i was exploring, playing as a badger cub and found a group of lynxes. they surrounded me and jumped around me. and then we went to explore and we ran into shiny things and eventually fell off the map."
,Recommended,486310,28682806,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Thoreaufare,There's nothing to do in this game and that's beautiful.
76561198350373405,Recommended,486310,34594798,Posted: 29 August,all,Teboton,"I recommend this game to animal lovers, and people who love exploring and adventure. When I play this game, I play for hours because of how well made this is."
76561198055954638,Recommended,486310,26271702,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,MoonMoon,"FPS issues aside (*insert no man's sky joke here*), which I hope will be fixed soon, this game is incredibly charming and relaxing. I experienced more teamwork as a baby lynx in a group of animals following Bambi than in any of the MMORPGs."
76561198050080395,Recommended,486310,27896140,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Blue Ygo,I can't really explain why I think this game is so addictive....
76561198074901766,Recommended,486310,32679551,Posted: 23 June,all,Xavaria,"Hella goooood game!It's so cheap and so much fun. It's just about animals walking round the world and searching for mates to find flowers and stuff to unlock more charackters and skins. You are never alone there, and it's so funny to talk to each other only about the emojis. Everyone is really kind!"
,Recommended,486310,27593775,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TyniiBadger,"Meadow is the most relaxing, stress free multiplayer game I've played in a long, long time.Meadow is strangely appealing. There is no survival mode (yet, I've read a lot of comments asking for it), there is no specific task and there is no competing with other players. You choose a server, select what animal you want to run around as (you unlock as you go) and enter the world. The mechanics are simple and easy to understand and you can decide if you want to play with others or strike out on your own. The map is large and you can find yourself in a different season depending on the area you are in.I'd recommend this game to anyone looking at something easy, relaxing and fun to play."
76561198070589231,Recommended,486310,26545413,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Larkspur,"Meadow is very unorthodox in the realm of video games as it lacks a storyline, PVP/E, and any form of chat including text and voice. It hardly has an objective, other than exploring the map and collecting flowers and crystals to unlock cosmetics.So if you like standard, fast paced video games with a story, quests, violence etc, DO NOT BUY MEADOW.However if you're up for trying something a bit different, go for it. I mean it's only $3.This game is surprisingly charming, surely because it's impossible to be a♥♥♥♥♥♥bag to other people because all you can do is use images/emotes to interact. It's great because you can get away from hearing about ♥♥♥♥♥♥ things like the stupid ♥♥♥♥ing election and Trump nonsense. A perfectly fitting game to relax or for those who are easily offended.The art style is unique and pleasant, and the environment is A+. Its got caves and♥♥♥♥♥♥For drawbacks though, it lacks content, and has poor optimization. It's only been out for like 2 weeks though so these things are forgivable for now. Also, more than half of the animals can only be played by owning games and merchandise from the developers. I don't mind so much since the other games are very good in their own right, but it's still kinda crappy.Pretty decent. I rate it 5/7"
,Recommended,486310,28319901,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,THE DOG and Friends,"(I decided to re-write some of this lol)Like someone else said, (I forgot the username, but you can find the review) you're going to be very disappointed if you we're looking for another story-driven Might and Delight game.But the point of Meadow is that it's not supposed to be story-driven.It's supposed to be very calming and enjoyable.And it was calming. (To me anyways.)Overall, I enjoyed the game so far. It's a good time waster but it gets very laggy at some points.But it if ain't THE DOG Island then it has to have some cons.I already mentioned lag, but sometimes it gets extremely boring. That's one of my major dislikes of the game: running around forever looking for flowers and breaking monoliths get incredibly boring after a while.And while the chat system is very creative (until the Emoji Movie comes out, really,) it's also very HARD to communicate with other players. You can't really tell anyone ""okay I have to get something for my mom I'll be right back."" No, you can only just wave and go AFK for a few minutes. And people still don't understand you.Also furries."
76561198055778439,Recommended,486310,33319125,Posted: 6 July,all,Hexdragon (Reppeti),"The first 15 minute of this game is strange and first it seems boring, but once yo get the hang of it you can't stop playing it.The friendly atmosphere and inetersting player intractions are the best it's absulutely worth the money."
76561198335809699,Recommended,486310,34844452,Posted: 9 September,all,Triggered boy,"This game is so calm and peaceful, I dont seem to have many complaints for this game. My only problem is that you cant chat to other players, you can only use emotes. I still have some trouble with the conrtols as well, but thats about it."
76561197993651907,Recommended,486310,35262600,Posted: 28 September,all,Von The Engineer,"the game is relaxing and it haves it own artistic world what is beautifull but what i dislike is the fact you have to buy all other games in order to get all other animals like the bear or lynx, what leads into that you can't unlock all achievements. it's not big deal for some people but for those who wants get them all, you have to pay more basically as a extra. it's social game where you run around as an animal, spamming emotes and make some noise (goat is extremely loud) collecting flowers and some pieces of rocks (loads of them) is only activity, but yes it's relaxing and fun game at the same time."
,Recommended,486310,32736016,Posted: 24 June,all,мімі♪,Awesome! Can't wait for more updates :3
,Recommended,486310,34503671,Posted: 26 August,all,naruto,you can't get bullied in this game
,Recommended,486310,29384760,Posted: 20 January,all,Lyzendaer[Lucario],Meadow is a great game
76561198252926361,Recommended,486310,28997275,Posted: 3 January,all,DepressionHurtsCymbaltaCanHelp,"Make friends. See beautiful landscapes. Roam in packs to unlock animals/skins (and spam the crying face as you are inevitably left behind). Watch screaming goats set themselves on fire. Attain nirvana. Fall off countless mountains. Pseudo-suicide off the edge of the world. Receive achievements for jumping and barking excessively. Wonder why this is so addictive and how did it get to be 3 AM. Where does the time go. I don't know, I'm just a review."
76561198268262194,Recommended,486310,26878391,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FringeTech,"This is a game i can honestly say is good for any audience.I originally had been wanting to get Shelter 2 when i happened across the ad for the upcoming ""Meadow"".Being new to any M&D games i didn't know if i would get this, yet a few days after release i decided to try it, needless to say i really like what i found.This game is probably one of the most relaxing MMOs i've ever seen.The game again uses the famous art style of M&D and brings 9 of the animals from the previous titles in as playable characters.Plus since the game is new the devs are adding lots of things for gameplay, so there may be all new modes and animals in the near-future.MECHANICS:The game could be classified as a walking simulator or sandbox, with exploring being a very large part of the gameplay.Different animals have different speeds and sizes, and along with collectables scattered randomly across the terrain there are different stone pillars that can be shattered with different animal cries.These pillars will yeld the rarer blue and gold shards, which unlock new animals or skins for the animal in use.CHARACTERS:Right now the game has 9 characters, each with their own unique abilities.However some animals require previous Shelter content to unlock.Baby Badger - Smaller, (Starting animal without other titles)Badger - Small, (Must have Shelter)Frog - Smaller, (Unlocks with gold shards first)Rabbit - Smaller, (Unlocks with gold shards second)Goat/Deer - Larger, (Unlocks  with gold shards third)Lynx - Large, (Must have Shelter 2)Baby Lynx - Smaller, (Must have Paws)Baby Bear - Small, (Must have Shelter, Shelter 2, Paws)Eagle - Large, (Must have Shelter, Shelter 2, Paws, all soundtracks, both books)EDIT: As of the Nov, 30 update there are 10 animals.Fox - Medium, (Unlocks with gold shards fourth)CHAT:The chat system for this game is the most unique feature for an MMO, in that it doesn't have an actual ""chat"" but rather uses different emotes to communicate.This means any language spoken doesn't matter, as the emotes are easy to understand and use regardless.5 emotes at a time can be assigned to your hotkeys too, so you dont need the full panel open all the time if you don't want them on your screen.Each animal has 10 unique emotes, (excluding the eagle) ranging from greetings, happy and sad to angry or silly.You also have several other emotes, used to communicate instructions or questions to others.These emotes are grey and include things like a check mark and x for saying yes or no, saying you see a collectable, a cave, etc.PERFORMANCE:The game right now has varying performances.I use a computer that is a little above required hardware, but the game usually runs without difficulty.The only exeption is on highly populated servers where the lag can get bad.Changing the graphics settings doesn't really help, but playing on a server with fewer people fixes the issue.Also do remember the game isn't very old and fixes happen regularly so chances are this won't be an issue much longer.In conclusion i can fully recomend this game, it has lots of content for any player who likes exploration and for this price it is totally worth a try.As the game is now i would give it a 9.9/10 for the good experiences i've had with it and with how well its helped me relax after long days."
,Recommended,486310,29036685,Posted: 5 January,all,Seitan's Fingers,This is probably the most simple and pure game I've played in years. Saying anything beyond that would spoil it.
76561198097830890,Recommended,486310,33010466,Posted: 29 June,all,Nina,"I haven't played such a fun game in a long time, i kinda bought it with the expectation of ''maybe playing it like an hour if it's not too boring''.  I spawned in as a badger, then i met 2 other badgers.  We gathered some flowers, we had the best time of our lives.. long story short, my friends both died and i was a sad badger ; w ; FEELS.   Lucky there was a goat with an army of small animals to lead me to the promised land XD   I unlocked a frog, had some lols (idk why but just hopping around with a long-legged frog cracked me up), then after a few hours i was finally experienced enough to unlock a deer (they usually lead the smaller critters to flowers/stones). I now have my own army in the forest, i am proudly leading them to the flowers and stones. My life is complete.  I love this game C: 11/10  Will play this for the rest of my life."
76561198110483386,Recommended,486310,33283552,Posted: 5 July,all,TarjaS,"This is definitely the most enjoyable game of all that I bought from the Summer Sale (and I bought a bunch, some a lot more expensive). I have played a lot more than I should have already (if you need to find a negative, it's that this game will take over your free time). I have wandered around on my own a lot, often teamed up with one or two others, and even tried running with a pack a few times. It's all fun, even with a pack when you get a leader who will make sure to stop and regroup often. And if you don't, just run with the pack as long as you can, and when you get lost, use the radar and find other people.Everybody has been quite nice, but then again, it's hard to be rude when you're missing the means for it (only icons and emotes for communication). I guess you can use some of the emotes to express displeasure, but that's the worst you can do, which makes this a very pleasant experience. Absolutely worth the 2€ I paid for this, and also worth the full price."
,Recommended,486310,30712924,Posted: 24 March,all,LaylatayDragon,"I love this game, it has a almost papercraft style to it (I love papercraft), but it is also multiplayer, well, the only setting is multiplayer, I have made freinds playing this game. You can explore alone or with others, you can make or join a pack, collecting crystals and flowers, or chatting, there is no text chat, only emotes, whitch I think adds to the game, also no PvPso unlike Lif, you cannot join a game only to be sent back to the menu. This game is great for people who play the shelter series, but no raising cub or pups."
,Recommended,486310,26461751,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,seas_sempiternal,I absolutely love this game. Everyone is really nice and at first I didn't like that you couldn't communicate in text but eventually got the hang of using emotes and I actually think that is the best part of the game now.
76561198203301015,Recommended,486310,30761668,Posted: 26 March,all,I Dunno?,It was very nice to know what it's like to be mute
76561198080805746,Recommended,486310,32962187,Posted: 28 June,all,maxkingone †,"MeadowI love the game!Climbed up the highest mountain with a stranger, so much fun! :DI like the emotes and the friendly community, pretty cool to team up with strangers and play for an hour to find some Flowers :)For 2$ definitely worth picking it up, it's very relaxing!"
76561198067029048,Recommended,486310,34256837,Posted: 15 August,all,docmint,"Beautiful game, real anti-depressant. Love it with all my heart."
,Recommended,486310,26320211,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,akira,"I have played for 1.5 hours for now, and I haven't noticed...This game reminds me of Journey or Abzu regarding the feelings in grows in you.Or the Endless Forrest, if heard about this one.So pretty much one the best type of feelings a game can give you! <3Pros:1) The art style (it is kind of simplistic, but it is contributing to the atmosphere significantly).2) The music.3) Well... The atmosphere (sweet, gentle and fun).Cons:1) The controls take some time to get used to since you can't turn with your cursor and it's a bit counterintuitive at the very beginning + this and the camera angle make it easy for you to lose your friends.2) The game is lagging (around 90 people were using the same server when I was playing). But I read that this is getting fixed, so fingers crossed.Conclusion: If you are a Shelter fan - definitely yes. If you are new - might take some time to get used to but if you are into games like The Endless Forest, Journey and Abzu, you will most probably like Meadow as well. ;)____When I was describing Meadow to my friends, it went along the lines:'I AM A BABY LYNXI'M RUNNINGEVERYBODY IS RUNNINGSO MUCH FUN...I AM FROGI AM ALONE;'('"
,Recommended,486310,26325398,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Hexu,"What could be more fun than to explore new areas and things with friends and try to communicate with them, only using the emotes in the game? It's really fun and the aspect of simple communication through the emotes is what makes the community so nice and fun to be with. Meet new friends and explore the world with them. Find some more friends and search together as a big pack. Maybe at some point you go your own ways, but then you find your friends again and have some fun running around and jumping aimlessly.Strongly recommended if you like Shelter game series or you are looking a game with great visual detail, peaceful music that fits the atmosphere or finding friends to have fun with."
76561198198528675,Recommended,486310,26307450,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,kollectivemaybe,"I loved it, i just wish that there was a flying charater that players could unlock the same way you unlock the other characters. I hate that only players who bought everything related to Shelter or players who in the top 10 can play as the eagle. If you guys (Might and Delight company) could add another flying character that players could unlock, that would be AWESOME!!!"
,Recommended,486310,34459155,Posted: 24 August,all,PRinterik [Bitcrusher],"This game is something.....It's something I was looking for in ages !! :DThe interactions remind me of Endless Forest, except the fact that communication in EF is based only on gestures and sounds.You login, walk around, feeling bored, until you bump into someone else and then you find yourself surrounded by tones of other animals goofing around collecting shards and cracking obelisks lol.It would be , however, more interesting if there were other game modes. I noticed there was a roleplaying grove, but there isn't much you can do there that is different from the normal groves.... (I haven't unlocked all actions and specials yet so I can't say much).An example of a game mode would be like, survival, more like Shelter 2, if you play as a predator, you could attack, if you r a prey, then find places to hide, like dens and rabbit holes, or trees for pheasants.maybe even be able to have cubs and pups and stuff!I know a few games like that, so idk if that's stealing their idea, but I think maybe, just maybe?Overall though, despite not having much to do, it feels great while in it.You feel alone wolf at first, wandering around the beautiful landscapes of Meadow until you realise you have a family- the forest and all its fauna is with you XDSo yeah, if you love animals and exploring and don't mind much action or complex games, and also like a bit of rp, then this is for you. Specially if you like unique graphic design!"
,Recommended,486310,34724564,Posted: 3 September,all,Biscuits,"It's a game where your only communication with other players is through the form of emoticons and symbols. You play as an animal, a vast array, from Badger to Fox, Eagle to Pheasant. In a world where there is no fear or death, everyone lives at peace. Yet, you feel so alone, even when in a pack of animals, maybe as much as 20 or 30 in 1 pack. It's a very lonely game, yet very exciting and enjoyable. It's soul crushing when you see a cry and wave emoticon together, it tends to mean goodbye, and that you'll likely never see that player again, the same player you trekked through forests, rivers, snow and mountains, breaking down obelix's, collecting sparkling flowers and forming friendship, that would end all too soon.10/10 would recommend, to those that want their life turned upside down when they have to quit the game."
,Recommended,486310,28474427,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,skiercrow,play this when you feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥ it helps.
76561198156487235,Not Recommended,486310,28042979,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,budde7182,Meadow may seem like an attractive game however it does get repetitve with simply walking and communicating with other animals which was slightly enjoyable. This game is for people who like to explore and free roam the map.
,Recommended,486310,30400186,Posted: 8 March,all,Fosfor,A very large map and a very good drawing but I want to hunt ^^
76561198165236150,Recommended,486310,29512136,Posted: 26 January,all,Inactive Member,Groovy Game
,Recommended,486310,26238689,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,P4nty.,"So i didn't know what to expect, started the game choosed lynx, walked around and found a fellow lynx (he had ppbly more playtime than me regarding to his emotes etc.) we walked, swim and explored together. I got the feeling for a good friendship! Even without typing a damn word! Thats fascinating!Sooner or later we found a big cave near a lake so we started our adventure, in the cave > more water and some bubbling unidentified substance :DThan CRYSTALS purple/pink crystals. The cave leads upwards it's getting brighter (note we are always using the emotes and well i think he understands me as i was understanding him! )Suddenly theres the cave exit, and i was lloking at the time, ""jesus time flies by"", need to tell my new friend ""Goodbye"" used ""cry"" Emote > ""Wave"" > and ""Rest""He also uses the ""cry"" emote man 11/10 heart-break. :(I will miss you lynx-buddy! Until we meet again :( <3If you want to try something new and dont prefere PvP go for it :)"
,Recommended,486310,26697456,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Fallenleaf,"This is a great game! Its very fun and calm. Better than I thought! I loved it from the first playing of it and on. if you looking for a fun calm and safe game then this is for you!For people who does not have any other games by Might And Delight:There is some animals that are available if you don't have any Might and Delight games.First: Badger cubSecond: FrogThird: RabbitFourth: GoatTips:Find a group that is decent-sized. Not too big and not too small. And a animal for a leader that's big like a lynx or goat, so people spot the,"
76561198045282611,Recommended,486310,26329066,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,werewolf,yes I do recommend this game its pretty relaxing. I would like to see more updates of this and more animals its pretty easy to unlock them all once you have a big pack of people :) managed to unlock the goat less then 2 hours. thanks to that big pack earlier
,Recommended,486310,26318033,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Wysteria,"This is amazing...I haven't expected much from it, until I joined a little group. Now I'm in love with this game.Thank you, Might and Delight! ^__^PS: It would be nice to have over 15fps... please? :<"
76561197963083858,Not Recommended,486310,29471196,Posted: 24 January,all,iGotTheUziTool,"Large world, cool graphics and nice music. I tried to like this game.But theres nothing to do. Only run around aimlessly searching for pick ups that will give your animal new emotes.I never found any new skins or animals. Was super boring. Won't bother playing this game again."
,Not Recommended,486310,28616920,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Reality Spasm,"ever wanted to pretend to be 1 of 11 animals and run around in giant hordes for hours doing literally nothing? You've found your game!in all honesty it was kinda fun for an hour or 2, but the only things this game has to make it fun are unlocking skins and trying to comunicate using really simple emotes."
76561198278645545,Recommended,486310,30988561,Posted: 6 April,all,snuggles1982,PLZ ADD THE WOLF! IN THE NEXT UPDATE! BECAUSE I LOVE WOLVES!!!!!
76561198000118795,Not Recommended,486310,26253696,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Seris,"The game is definitely interesting for the price, but dont expect it to run great at all. i can get 80-90 fps in battlefield1  but i get 4 fps in this game? the visual complexity isnt even remotely on the same level, what a let down."
,Recommended,486310,26345653,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,[Blood] DexTeR,Trust me this jungle and animals in it with this nice music is best place for relaxing...low price and nice indie graphicits perfect 10/10
,Recommended,486310,29424222,Posted: 22 January,all,-<TSG>- RaptorFlame,"BeautifulAs an owner of all M and D products and a lover of the previous shelter games, I can say that this game does not dissapoint.Sure the gameplay is very different, the game not being a ""mother"" simulator, however I don't care; if anything I prefer it.The game is more chilled and relaxing, and plays a homeage to owners of previous titles by gifting them different animals to play as.ObjectiveNow one thing about this game is that it lacks an objective. Sure running around unlocking new stuff is fun for a while, but once you have unlocked everything (including animals such as the Eagle) it does get a little boring and repetitive. So developers if you are able, maybe add some more animals (like maybe a Wolf/cub, another bird perhaps? and maybe an adult bear) but if you choose not too, for reasons out of my consern, I won't mind. You could also add a new area? Where only flying players could visit, or maybe allow frogs to swim underwater and visit caves.However despite me rambling on about this I am still happy with the game at it's current state.Playable CharactersAs I stated before there are many animals to play as in Meadow.If you do not own any other M and D titles (only meadow) you will be started off as a Badger CubThere are four that can be unlocked without owning other titles, but the rest have some requirements..The Frog, Goat, Bunny, and Fox can be unlocked for free by just playing the game.Whilst the Lynx, Lynx cub, Bear cub, Adult Badger and Eagle require you to own a certain selection of games.These are just the animals ATM as I'm writing this review, If I missed some or more have been added whilst you're reading this I apoligizeThe Eagle[DISCLAIMER] If you're considering buying this game just for the Eagle at it's current state I advise not, as there are limit things you can do as the EagleMy Overall OpinionDespite my rants earlier on, I absolutely adore this game and It's creators.The community is so humble and friendly,The graphics are <3,The art style is unique and beautifulAnd the game as a whole is a success in my bookYes there are some things that could make the game better, however it's the same with everyother game.Final Suggestions!!Devs if you are reading this, I hope you will take these suggestions into account as I believe it could make the game that much greater.MORE ANIMALSI know the game already has a vast selection of flamboyent specimens, however I think it could be a little more interesting with a Wolf maybe? or even an Adult Bear to accompany the Cub. But if you choose to add these animals it's up to you to decide how they are unlocked (just try to make them hard as I don't think the community would appreciate a server full of default wolves :/)Upgrade the EagleThe Eagle is a creature that every player wants, but at the moment it is a little dissapointing. My suggestion would be to add more skins, make it able to collect essence, more emotes and the abilty to land and perform animations such as the wave and sleep.More things to look forward toSo this one is mainly up to you, but by this I mean to add more animations, more areas, more flower types and maybe even more achievements.TY FOR READINGWow you made it, I hope you take my opinions into account when contemplating on buying this game,and alsoBUY THIS GAME IT'S ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL!!"
,Recommended,486310,26634054,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Darth Datlen Ohana,"A Poem for Meadow~""Bough it first from the series.2,99€ to walk around and basically nothing else.Found a herd of badger cubs.Ran around with them until frog was unlocked.Spawned as frog.Jumped down end of world.Live. Die. Repeat.Same as earlier 'til I got goat.Met 2 lonely badger cubs.Wandered around with my new adopted babies.2,99€ to walk around and basically nothing else.Worth it~""If you want to just chill with new friends, this is perfect for you!"
,Recommended,486310,29085176,Posted: 7 January,all,Zinbar Vorn,"Well, Keeps your heart warm.."
,Recommended,486310,28513517,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,GODFΛLL,"This is worth the price, buy it, try it, love it.By far the cutest game I have ever played in my entire life"
,Not Recommended,486310,28587188,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,StarrahAnn,Meadow is a super adorable game. It just gets boring after a while. I didn't play for too long.
,Recommended,486310,28744586,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,janky,Peaceful and fun game <3
76561197982108776,Recommended,486310,26545119,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Tominator,This is the nicest social experience I've had in a game in a long while. At 3 bucks this is highly recommended.
,Recommended,486310,26392349,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,meow,"i explored with a huge group of all these different animals. after a long swim (where i made sure to slow down to look after anyone who was trailing behind) we found a pretty cave which led to a corridor full of pink crystals. it was totally worth it for the spectacle. slowly our group wittled down and split up until it was just me and a fellow badger.we explored together for a while when suddenly he stopped and cried. i knew what he meant. i used the tick to tell him it was okay and i understood he was leaving me alone, and waved goodbye. i cried if im honest. whoever you were, friend... thanks for sticking with me, i had a good time. not being able to climb that cliff was embarrasing though."
,Recommended,486310,26398429,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,CS:GO is dying,Best 3 euro I've ever spent
,Recommended,486310,26394592,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Space Pupper,"I'm not going to tell you that you should get this game. Whether you like this game or not really depends on how you want to interact with the game world and other players. I'm going to share my experience with it and why I like it, and hopefully this review/personal experience will help you with your decision.I have played Shelter 1 and 2, plus the Mountains expansion for Shelter 2. They're an emotional rollercoaster that I couldn't stop playing. Let it be said that I am a big fan of the series. But I wanted to be among others in this game world in a way that would not break the immersion too much. I wondered how a multiplayer Shelter game would work.Then came Meadow. Might & Delight delivered. I went into the game blind save for the trailer and I discovered that it lived up to my expectations. The thing I liked the most? Nonverbal communication. I am a very, very shy person when it comes to verbally interacting with other players in video games, whether typing via chat or speaking via microphone. I normally keep to myself in MMOs and other multiplayer games because grouping up with other players and aiming for a common goal usually requires continuous verbal interaction. So I find that I isolate myself. For the most part, it's alright. But I can't help but want more. A primal desire for connection trying to break through my apprehension.I joined a world that had 9 people (there were worlds with more people, but I went for a less crowded one, knowing that it would fill up to a comfortable level). I spawned as a badger. A very basic brown badger. I knew I had to collect things to get more skins, emotes, and animals. I clicked a few emotes to get a feel for them. There's one depicting a happy badger with its paw raised (I did not know that this was a greeting until my bunny guide, mentioned below, used the bunny version multiple times when we met other animals). There's a smiling badger too, and a crying badger, and several action emotes meaning ""cross the body of water"", ""go this way/follow me"", ""bark/growl/make noise"" (barking or the equivalent for your species is used to activate totems and break them open to get at the goodies inside - a task that requires multiple players), and various other requests, explanations, and responses.Feeling that I had the hang of this, I sought out other players. This is the first time in a long time I had done this. I, a new badger dropped into a foreign world, found a little red bunny and a goat(or was it a deer?). We travelled together until the goat logged off. Since the goat had no name or any sort of identification, I may never see them again. If I did, I would not recognize them. Such is this world of anonymity. The bunny must have sensed my unfamiliarity with the game because they were showing me around. They showed me how to use totems, helped me find other players and collectable items, guided me the quickest and easiest ways up mountains. In no time, I was a natural. I unlocked many emotes, a few skins, and another animal (a frog - I had seen only one in my playtime but I haven't tried playing as one yet).I did not know who was controlling the little red bunny. It was not necessary to put a name to the bunny. They were just a bunny. But that bunny made my day: somebody somewhere in the world reached me in the language I feel most comfortable speaking. So thank you, Little Red Bunny, whoever you are."
,Recommended,486310,26399798,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,OldManBre97,"I really love this game, its simple yet captivating."
76561198283528951,Recommended,486310,26392018,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,TheRealMoonMare,i think this game is amazing and it could use a survival mode im not saying you shouldnt keep  the current mode but it would be a cool kind of shelter survival multiplayer
,Recommended,486310,32979006,Posted: 29 June,all,XiaXiaoGOD,Meet  friend.Follow  friend on adventure across the world!Chase after a pretty flower.Can't find friend.Lost and alone.Cry.
76561198046587436,Recommended,486310,26374060,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Spoopy,I highly recommend this if you like playing with peoplenon-violently. It's a peaceful game with great gameplay.This also gives a charm of how friendly people can be in real life.You can see that nobody actually tries to attack anything (wich you can't even do).So this game is more for people that often play non-violent games.Also this game has great art style.It's very creative.It also has lots of cool animations and sounds.So well. If you like animals and play non-violent games.PLAY
,Recommended,486310,26344946,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,CuriousHatty,"A fantastic exploration game for an affordable price.Has an almost therapeutic effect from the unique quilt-like art, rolling music, and friendly interactions.The community looks out for each other, and roaming packs always welcome more.Overall, a relaxing game that I wish could fully replace my sleeping hours."
,Recommended,486310,29552583,Posted: 28 January,all,Spookthefox,"Meadow: A Game ReviewSo to start off with I'll tell you about the game play, then I'll tell you the story, and then I'll tell you my opinions and pros/cons.The game play consists of walking around collecting, ""Flowers"" and,""Essence"". Flowers serve no purpose besides giving you points and earning achievements You know, normal collectibles. You find flowers by just walking around.Now Essence allows you to unlock emotes, new animals, and skins, to show how cool and pro you are. You get essence by either finding it in the world, or breaking open, ""Obelisks"". A Obelisk is a rock in the shape of a kiddie house, a square with a point on the top. You break an obelisk depending on what it needs. A obelisk with two dots requires two animals, no matter which animal they are. But a taller obelisk might have pictures of a rabbit, and a badger cub on it, with two of each needed. You will have to have two of each to break it open, and collect the essence inside.You will find plenty of animals in the world you are in, a server, or a meadow as they are called in game, can hold up to fifty people at a time as of February 2017. This may change, but right now it's 2017. There are three servers for each area of the world, Europe, Eastern US, and Western US. Essence are also  points as well, and being in the top 10 in points allows you to play as an eagle, or if you own all of the games, books, and soundtracks you will also get the eagle. Sucks to be you if you don't have that kind of money.The choices of animals you have are plenty. For a new player to Meadow, you have the Badger Cub. Badger Cubs are slow, beginner animals. The next animal is a frog, and then you have a rabbit/hare. I will list all of the animals now, in order. Badger Cub, Frog, Rabbit, Goat, Fox, Badger, Lynx, Lynx Cub, Bear and Eagle. After the Fox the rest of the animals are locked. You must have Shelter 1 for the Badger, Shelter 2 for the Lynx, Paws for the Lynx Cub, and all three games for the Bear Cub, from paws.My problems with the game play is that beginner animals are really slow, and can often fall behind if you have made a herd of animals to break open Obelisks. They, as the first animal you get, are very common as well. My other gripe with this is that the controls are a bit hard to grasp at first.The story is, nothing. There is no story! Just wander around and be an animal. You are just plopped into the world, free to wander and shout at random animals passing by.My opinion on this game is pretty simple. I like it. It's a nice time waster which, if you have a day off work or school, you can play for many hours, unlocking all of the emotes on animals, unlocking skins on animals, and gather all of that, sweet, sweet essence.Pros:+Game is very pretty+Animals unlocked via the game are balanced well+You can do almost whatever you want.+Can name your animal after memes+Easy game to play+Nice time waster+Great fun if you are drunk+No bullies or unwanted people here.+ Nice music.Cons:-Pop ins are very common-Lags on older computers-Game feels like a test instead of a game.-Almost all assets are reused from other Might and Delight games.???:=No voice chat or text chat=Some animals unlocked from other shelter games are not very well balanced/same uses as other animals=Controls=World is hugeOne time I was in a herd of animals of different species, we broke an obelisk, walked around collecting flowers and other♥♥♥♥♥♥ and played ball for awhile.Then I played this game 10/10"
76561198179370033,Not Recommended,486310,26445771,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,redrose27,This game is amazeing but ITS SO LAGGY its so bad to the point where you cant keep up at ALL with other players infact i get so many lag spikes as a lynx that i cant even controll whitch direction i go. I AM SO FRUSTRATED WITH THIS LAG I CONSTANTLY GET LAG SPIKES TO THE POINT WHERE I KEEP LOSEING CONNECTION TO THE GAME AND IT FREEZES and worst of all I CANT KEEP UP WITH ANY OTHER PLAYERS THEY RUN TO FAST THAT DUE TO LAG I CANT KEEP UP sadly i cant recommend this game to anyone due to the MAJOR lag problems so please FIX THE LAG ITS UNBEARABLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,486310,26341580,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Sylphie,"OH MY GOD where do I even beginn. I've never played a more cute game than this, the ""animals"" here are so friendly and so cute.This is not your ordinary MMO, This is such a different experience.You can't use your Voice. You can't write. All you have is ""Emotions"" and other Exclamation Signs. Once you get the hang of it, you can have actually pretty nice conversations.The music is great! Soothing and definitely a must have if you are into collecting music like that.The Graphics are very different! Very simple! Very Easy.Things before you buy though!Avaiable Characters ""as of now""Lynx (Shelter 2)Lynx Cub (If you own PAWS)Badger (Starter)Badger Cub (Shelter)Bear Cub ( PAWS)BunnyFrogGoatEagle (If you own EVERYTHING of the Shelter Series)I Love this! Screw World of Warcraft, Screw LoL, Screw AION!HELLO MEADOW!"
,Recommended,486310,26323173,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Destinystwilight,"You have never seen true beauty until you have laid your eyes on a Might&Delight game.Playing any of their games for the first time, I warn you, it will take your breathe away.You can and probably will burn hours into finding everything, seeing every view and experiencing all there is to offer.Their are downsides, but for the most part, these are purely subjective.This game is worth far more then the price tag implies, and I sugest heavily that you invest in some of the greatest moments of your life. [If you are a shut in and love animals that is ;)]"
76561197985399278,Recommended,486310,34641781,Posted: 31 August,all,Meta03,"This is a FANTASTIC product, a true work of art."
,Recommended,486310,26504676,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,8-Kit,It's an unique experience.
,Not Recommended,486310,32919194,Posted: 28 June,all,Azunera,Great game...when all my progress isn't wiped for no reason. I don't find it amusing that after a full week of playing ALL of my progress is just...gone. All the skins and emotes that I spent hours grinding is...poof...vanished. The whole point of progress is that you move forward. I now have to spend yet another week grinding my♥♥♥♥♥off just to get to where I was last.Not cool.
76561198175679690,Recommended,486310,30468290,Posted: 12 March,all,NanoJ107Jaden{KFÇ} so gone..,"..I don't really know what to say, it's hard losing a bestfriend, it's like taking my breath away.. I miss having you by my side, having many adventures under the blue sky, I know we've never met, but somehow.. saying Goodbye.. made me cry, and I may never know why, but it was fun having you around.. Thank You for erasing my frown, Thank You for changing it to a smile and from upside down.. though the meadow is ever so quiet now that you are gone.. it seems,.. as we lay down on the flowers fore our time has come to an end.. and we look back on everything, Forever in my quiet moments I will always think... about the day I became Bestfriends, With A Cute Baby Lynx. (: #I'llNeverForgetYou..ThankYou<3 10/10."
,Recommended,486310,30885954,Posted: 1 April,all,☪♀NameChanger♀☪,"beautiful game, i actually get a little sad when i am with a animal for so long and i have to leave them, or they leave mealso, for the adult lynx i actually think there should be a pregnant version of the adult lynx cause ik its a thing you can notice in Shelter 2 and i want that to be in meadow cause we never really got a good look at iti feel weird for typing this out but i want that to be a feature :3PS: don't call me weird please...i have issuesPPS: this probably won't become a thing for the adult lynx, also i don't actually care if im called weird"
76561198204004392,Recommended,486310,30954995,Posted: 4 April,all,LadyHiraeth,"Absolutely amazing and relaxing game. A nice detour from the typical mmo games when you need some time to relax and enjoy the company of others without the rude commentary. The developers are very active and update it frequently with new animals, skins, etc. Loving the art style too. <3"
,Recommended,486310,34498303,Posted: 26 August,all,taylorindi,i love it but pls update it soon im bored in the game no new animals to play as pls update it but i still like the game and i do recommend this game
,Recommended,486310,29478091,Posted: 24 January,all,SupremeAtom420,"A great concept of a game. I feel like this game needs more players, first to fund the company and add more so they expand the fanbase and add more content."
76561198114059102,Recommended,486310,27525069,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Drigggoh,"It's online, so that's pretty cooldont really know what to put here, but just know that this is a game that I play almost daily"
,Recommended,486310,28127062,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Traekesh,"Born a badger, i found another badger at the Great tree in the meadow,  we traveled together for awhile, i named my new friend bob.bob and i traveled far and wide, picking flowers and finding rocks to shout at together,life was simple, and we were both happy.but then bob left... i was alone, saddened by the loss of my new friend i shouted at the nearby scenery,and walked back to the tree,alone and sad.where i was greeted by another badger, a deer, and a wolf.together we traveled in pursuit of rocks and flowers.in our travels we found a cave, and other cool stuff10/10would be abandoned by bob again ;-;"
,Recommended,486310,30464715,Posted: 11 March,all,Domins,"Great game for only $3, simple and worth it."
76561198040961644,Not Recommended,486310,26256114,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,TheAverageMrBear,"It's a fun little game for the price.  Just wander around, group up with a bunch of other animals and collect flowers and pieces of emotes, skins, and animals.Only problem is you LOSE all of your progress every time you shut down the game, this wouldn't be a problem if it was easy to unlock the animals, but it's not, can take upwards of an hour to find all the pieces for just the frog (comes after the badger cub you start with).It would be a REALLY great game if this was fixed."
,Recommended,486310,26239880,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,boopideeboo,"A psychologically enlightening experience. A must play for those who want to come in touch with their spiritual self. You will laugh. You will cry. You will sing. You will wonder, when will I die? :'("
,Recommended,486310,26239463,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,FennecFyre,"I spawned in as a lynx for my first time in the Meadow. After a bit of aimless wandering, I found a lynx cub and a badger kit. We played some puffball soccer, went on an Essence hunt, climbed mountains, and nearly lost eachother a few times. Others joined in every now and then, and eventually the lynx cub had to log off, but it wasn't until we ran into another pair of lynx and a baby badger that our group began to grow. We found even more kids and an eagle, knocked down a few Essence stones, then settled down in a cave for a nap.10/10, was a lot more fun than I expected. It's like the Endless Forest, but a whole lot prettier and made by actual game designers instead of pretentious hipsters."
,Recommended,486310,26237115,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Spacegirl Roxy,"The same charm as Shelter/Shelter 2, but with the gameplay of The Endless Forest."
,Recommended,486310,26239075,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Scarn,You play as a cute animal and meet other cute animals. Does anything get better than that?
76561198055649743,Recommended,486310,26240446,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,TheFutch,"A great adition to the shelter series, and like those before it, it is a relaxing yet fun experience"
,Recommended,486310,26241176,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Enterprise Serbianhero,Relaxing game to play with others.
76561197980881916,Recommended,486310,26235206,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Twitchy,Deer god..
76561198048752538,Not Recommended,486310,26272630,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Cpt. Cig,"i love the game and everything about it, but sadly there is a huge problem.  Half the reason I got this game was to unlock the eagle which I thought I could do throuhg playing the game.  That however is not the case you have to buy all of their previous games which will run you about $40 which I thought was a very cruel thing to do the game is fun but sadly you can only go so far without buying every other title they have made."
,Not Recommended,486310,28150542,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Lexi,Thought this game would be more like Shelter 1 and Shelter 2 except multiplayer but I was wrong. This is nothing like Shelter 1 and 2 other then the graphics.. Unless you're someone who likes to try to get new animals with friends and stuff like that I do not reccomend.
,Recommended,486310,32333414,Posted: 10 June,all,Soap,badger cub is too pure for this world
76561198084544617,Not Recommended,486310,26513646,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,deekee,"The controls of this game are completely unintuitive - I had to google how to do anything - and then I simply couldnt see the point of any of it.It's a pretty game, certainly, and I wanted to like it but it was so boring and the controls are ridiculous even when you finally figure them out (only hard 90* angles and the camera doesnt turn with you), there is nothing to do in the game once you get bored of jumping after a couple of minutes, to change animal or skin you either need to own the previous Shelter games or figure out the tracking system (which was just dumb) and find a statue, match the picture on it to either one of your equally impossible to understand interaction buttons or try and find another player with the matching animal,try to communicate with said stupid buttons tjat you want them to follow you, hope that they do and go back to the statue.All in all, incredibly tedious and pointless. It's so much less than I'd hoped, but, luckily, I got a refund quickly enough. With what is actually available to do in this ""game"" it ought to be free."
,Not Recommended,486310,26494411,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,chiken,"This game is crashing and my pc has decent components. Hope i get my money back, or i can consider it a scam."
76561198191034043,Not Recommended,486310,29149691,Posted: 9 January,all,WarriorCatsandanimaljamfan,"i can only get europe and cant connect to crap tell me how to connect and move and stuff until then i cant rate this, might as well return it and then get fnaf sl"
76561198293430214,Not Recommended,486310,33798746,Posted: 25 July,all,awaro42,"Really disappointed. This game looked like a lot of fun, but like many (I'm finding out now), I simply cannot connect to any of the game servers. I get a connection timeout every time. Too bad. Maybe one day I'll give it another try."
,Recommended,486310,26274907,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,KlarNimani,"nothing really to do, but still more entertaining than No Man´s Sky.Shots fired."
76561198055413268,Recommended,486310,26327082,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,EmmiEmmz,Really cute and fun to explore.
76561198035236386,Recommended,486310,26335379,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Blacky Magick,I love this game so far. I've unlocked all I can and my experience was worth it! I'll still play because I need some more skins and emotes.NOTE if you as a gamer>prefer high action games>games that require a goal all the time>can't sit there and relaxThis game isn't for you!There really isn't any point to this game! It's a social gathering.One of the best thing is using the emotes to talk to players who don't know who you are at all!Overall I recommend it! I adore the game play and social apects.
,Recommended,486310,26250496,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,ENDr@in,Optimisation is awful.
,Recommended,486310,27004334,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lhapka Heckn,fun game!
,Recommended,486310,26237041,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,The Gamer1591,LOVE IT SO MUCH
,Recommended,486310,29529098,Posted: 27 January,all,Pirozhki,"It's a very nice game, has an attractive art style, and is very relaxing.  I feel there is a stronger connection between players once they begin to form groups and help take down goals together, only being able to communicate between their animal's noises and the emojis."
,Recommended,486310,29551325,Posted: 28 January,all,Cesar the suspicious pizza guy,For the most part it is a pretty good game. Very nice to play when stressed or angry. There is a lot of areas to explore and the comunnity is the most pleasant i have seen in a long time. That being said there is some issues with lag when with lots of people and there isnt that much to unlock without having to buy their other games. But overall this game does what is says it will and you shouldnt expect anything more.
,Recommended,486310,29550874,Posted: 28 January,all,BonePro,its very peaceful and calm UNTILL YOU HEAR THAT TOAD REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
76561198081641921,Recommended,486310,29882071,Posted: 12 February,all,Yukiru,"The Meadow is possibly obe of the best games on Steam. And i say that knowing that i own 56 games and 3000+ of gameplay. The Meadow is truly a peaceful stop for players who know how to enjoy simple calm, tranquility, happiness and teamplay.The graphic style, designed like origami paper, is beautiful in its very unique way. The music list is perfectly selected and help to provide a calm environment. The game keeps you busy by asking to collect all animals, all skins and flowers as well as all emotes for each animal. The lack of actually typed chat is more positive than you think as it forces player to pay attention to symbols over actual writings. This deprives the game of any kinfd of rage-filled chats and really works in removing anger or conflict from the game. The in-game community is amazing as people help each other, wait for each other, work together to collect everything. It is truly rewarding to regroup dozens of people as a large search party to find whatever we may need.Originality : 10/10Graphics Style : 10/10Graphics Quality : 7/10Gameplay : 9/10Community : 10/10Ambiance : 10/10Music : 10/10Lifespan : 8/10Price : 8/10 (largely affordable)Pay to win : noneOverall : 18/20"
76561198046668220,Not Recommended,486310,28702040,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Fairyoverlord,"The game is very slow, it crashes frequently especially when I was trying to click some of the icons to figure out what they did. I own all the Shelter games, one of the books and a soundtrack but did not have access to other animals or skins as stated everywhere online. I wouldn't really call seeing one other person on a server with supposedly 40 some other players multiplayer....The only character I had was the baby badger but it did not look like a baby and was very slow. The controls were also a bit wonky and the camera was a pain. There is also no controller support like there is for the other Shelter games. :/ I really wanted to like this game :("
76561198338572701,Recommended,486310,26498049,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,mothim2015,I CAN'T TAKE OFF MY VIRUS PROTECTER T PLAY 1 GAME THATS STUPID TO DO IT I RALLY WANT TO PLAY IT!!
,Recommended,486310,26636679,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,FITY,Experience the power of a simulation that can create a feeling of joy.YES YOU ONLY GET 4 ANIMALS FOR $3.YES IT IS TOTALLY WORTH IT.
,Not Recommended,486310,26251958,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Xanerino,"I'd wait for this game to improve. FPS issues that are frequently reported, not much to do and instead of the teamwork the devs are going for, you get everyone in the server running together to try and find the unlocks."
76561198081005923,Recommended,486310,26587103,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Doggo,"The game has alot of potential and if the developers were to add more fun things to do, it would be incredible.Right now, from own experiences, you run around with people, finding black rocks to 'break' and collecting shards and flowers, and ive had a fun few hours doing so. The world is gorgeous, but also alittle odd with the sudden breakoffs and holes in it.The game was alittle confusing to what to do in the beginning, but after tagging along in many different 'packs' i soon learned how to play ! It's a fun little game, with a beautifully styled world, definetly worth the money!"
76561198353248825,Not Recommended,486310,31567120,Posted: 5 May,all,The Fallen_Ciel,"Honestly, from all the Might And Delight games, this one is sadly my least favourite. Since I've played every other Shelter game, I thought that this one would be nice. When I got into the game, the first thing I noticed is that the controls were very off and undeveloped. I liked that this game was multiplayer and that the graphics were the same as the other games but, it just was a horrible experience playing it. I'd recomend this to someone who would just like to explore the map."
76561198376950252,Recommended,486310,31548898,Posted: 4 May,all,AWoofleNamedLuna,I didn't like this product at all... I LOVED IT!!! This is the best game ever and I totally reccomend it for any YouTubers out there.
,Recommended,486310,31551482,Posted: 4 May,all,SugarPoof,"Love this game.  The music is magical and the gameplay is relaxing.  Love that everyone is so friendly.  I look forward to playing it every day.  I look forward to what the developers will add to this game, it is just wonderful."
,Recommended,486310,26326183,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,GloomyCloud,Awesome game but definetely needs more animals and more activities.
,Not Recommended,486310,34705161,Posted: 3 September,all,Charkles,"A very peculiar product. Because I hesitate to call this a game, I don't recommend to most users as it is more of a social experience than a game.What you do have is an world of subtle interaction and a lot of collectible thingies."
,Recommended,486310,26252788,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,notonearmy,"Wow. Just-Just wow. This is amazing, you guys!!GOODBYE BADGER BRO!! D:"
76561198290531588,Recommended,486310,26529035,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,maxescobar123.me,The game is so amazing i think its a really great game i do recomend this to others
,Recommended,486310,26420678,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,kappaS,6/5
,Not Recommended,486310,28431027,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Crimson Scream,"As a brown badger I met a pink badger. He wanted to show me something and led me on top of the highest mountain  ...but there was nothing. Then he jumped down. Also, progression to get a new animal is way too slow. However, you can play this game when you're high."
76561198125646618,Recommended,486310,26624774,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,ThatEmeraldPro,"This game is super simple and has little to no objectives other than collecting bits and pieces of puzzles to unlock various items. That being said, this is one of the most fun games I've ever played. It's so relaxing and beautiful! The graphics arent the best in the world but that's ok! It gives the game charm and I like it :) I definately recommend anyone to try this game :D"
76561198121785912,Recommended,486310,26394156,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,DarkLiveRyder,"The concept behind this game sounds so intriguing.. I wish I could enjoy it. I dont know the quality of other peoples games, but based on the minimum requirements, my game on two different laptops is less then par.  Quality is laggy and  a little buggy.  I was hoping for a lot more seamless movement. Walking is managable while in-game, but the minute I start running, game bogs down quite a bit. Trying to remain hopeful for better optimizations in the coming updates."
76561198202101908,Recommended,486310,26303782,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,lukenuggetballs,what am i suposed to do
,Recommended,486310,32969918,Posted: 28 June,all,Bip Bop Bepis,So chill
,Recommended,486310,26814070,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,☾MelliMoon,This game has the most sweet and friendly community I've ever seen in any online game! <3Even though there isn't too much content (for the price more than ok) I have fun everytimeI start playing.I recomment it to everyone who wants to just relax and interact with people (animals) without trolling and flaming.
,Recommended,486310,29779980,Posted: 8 February,all,miezkatz,"Meadow is a simplistic feel good game focusing on a medium sized open world and its player animal inhabitants. There are no clear objectives, no quests to manage and no survival characteristics. Exploring the world and collecting plants and stones are the main gameplay features.Communication is so intuitive and basic that every player is able to jump straight in and interact with other players. Emotes, signs and gestures substitute an ingame chat, thus there is no language barrier. Sooner or later you'll find yourself in a gleeful pack of forest animals à la Disney.It's important to note that there are a total of 10 playable animals, of which only 5, in a few cases 6, are playable for players who don't own any other Might and Delight products on Steam. So if you're looking to play a specific animal, I'd advise to read up on these animals before buying Meadow.The beautiful abstract art style and interaction with other players are the two main points that make this game so enjoyable for me. Players looking for a story or survival gameplay similar to the previous Shelter games will probably miss the challenge. I'd still recommend this to anyone looking for a relaxing multiplayer experience."
,Recommended,486310,32575859,Posted: 19 June,all,General Hooves'n'spots,this is the best $3 i've ever spent on steam.
,Recommended,486310,30476495,Posted: 12 March,all,Fvck~,"I saw a lot of animals when I spawned in, and we embarked on a journey like never before."
76561198161337236,Recommended,486310,30626063,Posted: 19 March,all,Malorey Jenkins,"Ran around as adorable animals! Cute game, cute emotes!"
,Recommended,486310,35213296,Posted: 25 September,all,Foxy x mangle,I love this game but when I got it I only got to play as the badger I never got to play as a lynx or bear cub. I made my way up to the pheasant without a problem so I recommend it.
76561198400617697,Recommended,486310,35266797,Posted: 28 September,all,Mephistopheles”,"If u want to kill the boring time, it's definitely suitable for you. U can choose to climb mountains, swim or even lie on the ground to sleep in the game and will be dazzled by the perfect scenery on ur way to find flowers. If I have to say something about the disadvantages of this game thats just few players in each server. Therefore It's hard to find players to open black stones with you."
76561198340959863,Not Recommended,486310,35406965,Posted: 1 October,all,zaphizoo,"i do not like this game because i cant get into it. it keeps on saying my connection has timed out but it hasen't. i think its the baddest attempt on trying to make a online game i prefer playing shelter 2 paws or shelter 2 or shelter 1, but it just doesen't work ): why not fix it?"
,Recommended,486310,28542340,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Catpain Marion McTebb,Video game equivalent of milky Horlicks sweetened with Prozac.
,Recommended,486310,30492051,Posted: 13 March,all,Anhima,"PERSONAL OPINION:  6/10. Room for improvement. Thankfully, the developers are constantly adding new things. I'll be sure to keep an eye out for future updates!The game has a lot of potential, however I believe it is a let down after the other titles. There is no other objective than to find obelisks, crystals and flowers. No one does anything else. Yes, you can explore, which is what I'm currently doing, but even that is lacking.When it comes to the multiplayer aspect, most people only band together to search obelisks. That's it. That's all there is. Truly, you can't exactly ""chat"", but this is where more actions could come to play (and I see more are slowly added, which is good). Even so, the simple existence of obelisks eliminates anything else. Which brings up the most important issue of all:There is not much you get to do.The newest addition, the pheasant, offers a bit of a remedy as I find it fun to try to hop around branches and act like a real bird. I have high hopes for the future updates!Edit: The addition of an official roleplaying grove is a nice touch. My overall opinion of the game has entered into the neutral zone. However, as there is no ""It's ok"" button, I'll stick to a positive review. Thank you, developers, for listening to your fanbase!"
,Not Recommended,486310,32932499,Posted: 28 June,all,terrible,"I was hoping this would be a quaint little online nature sim sandbox type deal, going out foraging and frolicking with cute animalsunfortunatley all you can do is walk and jump in a huge empty mapthe only way of interacting with anything is emotes which just show an image above your animals headi know its not supposed to be a ""doing things"" game but its just boring especially when you can't even communicate properly with other players"
,Not Recommended,486310,26406500,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Montagne Man,"very boring, go walk around in the yard. that would be more fun."
76561198126116795,Recommended,486310,26337183,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,C.E.T.I.O.,"Churr.Churr churr churr. chu-chu-chu-churr. Churr ?Croak ! cro-cro-croak. Croak, croa-croak.Bleat... blea-bleat ? blea-blea-blea-bleat, bleat, blea-bleat. Bleat, bleat bleat, bleat... bleat-bleat. Bleat : Bleat bleat bleat. Bleat : bleat bleat, bleat.bleat bleat.bleat bleat.Squea-squeak. Squeak ! Squeak ! Squeak ! squeak squeak....Meow.(Chirp.)Bleat!meow!squeak!churr!squeak!meow!churr!bleat!squeak!croak!(chirp!)"
76561198098251321,Not Recommended,486310,32650738,Posted: 22 June,all,sloth,"What a disappointment. I had played the first two shelter games and had actually really enjoyed them, a simple sound track fit the environment perfectly, hunting was great and shelter 2 added on to it with a vast world, new animal for more features like senses and speed. When I heard there was an online version of the game featuring online I was actually looking forward to buying it, however it failed to reach my satisfaction level. The camera setting feel unnecessarily weird with no way to change them, finding new animals can really be a chore especially since you need more than one person and the game barely has 50 people playing collectively on all regions at one time. Some times it even requires a specific animal which adds even more to list. Along with that the world isn't even that large, I wish you could search a seemingly endless world with clean borders like unclimbable mountains or thick fog but instead it's just a blank abyss. Communication is also very difficult which means the only way really to get new animals is with friends in a voice chat, there is no text chat or quick chat, nothing, just emotes that have a very hard time translating to ""help me find characters"" or ""Hey let's explore together."" The game is lacking for what it is trying to be. If have very few issues with this game but my few issues are big problems that need to be addressed, I have to give this game a thumbs down, unfortunately forces me to refund as well but hopefully my problems will fixed and maybe, just maybe I'll give it another shot"
76561198091890331,Not Recommended,486310,26246617,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,danielhenderson07,"Unfortunately, I do not recommend this game. Currently, the frames per second rate is so slow that the game is near impossible to play. Changing the fps in the Settings menu does nothing to improve gameplay. What is shown in the video is a smooth fps, but the game delivers maybe 10 fps at best, although it feels like 1 fps.I really hope they improve this because I really like the look and feel of the video and would love to play a game that delivers on what the video promises, but as it currently stands the game is not even worth paying for it. I will be looking for a refund."
76561198035976494,Not Recommended,486310,26460970,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,robovader,"Game is totally unplayable because of crappy controls. Your character does not follow the camera. You can only turn with A and D instead of just holding down the right mouse button and pressing forward, which makes turning left while running (hold  Shift) impossible. gamepad is not supported. Graphics are laggy even with Gtx 1070 and graphics options are extremely limited. Total waste of 3 bucks."
,Not Recommended,486310,29145126,Posted: 9 January,all,MajorVice,Cannot connect to any server. And keeps askin me to disable my sercurity.Do not buy.
76561198283525793,Not Recommended,486310,29092872,Posted: 7 January,all,Thot Slayer,the game would crash in three minutes when I opened it.
76561198308967651,Recommended,486310,32311115,Posted: 10 June,all,carlnewman,"This game is awesome, except apparentley when you buy the DLC you unlock the eagle, yet I have bought it and have not got it??? Yes, it is great quality and amazingly detailed. The player interface is good, it rarely becomes laggy but when it does only for about five seconds. I would like to have some feedback on whether you have to collect the gems in-game to unlock it or whether it should just be there, I have restarted my computer and it still wasn't there. But i do reccomend this game for all ages, it is fun and beautifully created, the details are incredible and I never get bored of it."
76561197976973492,Recommended,486310,26526299,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Zymynca,What're you doing here reading comments for?Just buy it already! :)
76561198298728810,Recommended,486310,29661145,Posted: 2 February,all,Cameran and the Lynx,BEAUTIFUL JUST WOW JUST JUST WOW amazing litrily i just LOVE THIS GAME ITS SO GOOD ITS WORTH THE MONEY so much $$ (BACK OFF DEVI I BELONG TO JESUS)Like if you belong to Jesus
,Recommended,486310,26235961,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,gift me awful games,"im going out and getting an 1/8th of shrooms, hopefully ill get my three dollars out of this game."
76561198075722398,Not Recommended,486310,26467409,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Mauser,"Even though it was only a couple dollars I have buyer's  regret.  Movement controls are non-intuitive. The landscape is artistic in a polygonal sort of way, but the overhatched wallpaper gets old fast when you run through certain meshes and not others.  I really tried to like it for all the ""originality"". But I have better things to do these days than play an inferior game such as this.  It makes me sad when poor controls and camera movements ruin an otherwise inventive game."
76561198067238226,Recommended,486310,26633289,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Kekkington,Like skyrim with no objective.
,Not Recommended,486310,31924882,Posted: 23 May,all,hncox757,"I was really excited to play this, as i was a fan of the art and how the other games were. this one is seriously dissapointing. as if theres nothing to do but collect shiny nothing that doesnt do anything or unlock anything fun. now the shiny helps you become new animals or you have to buy literally all the other shelter games. i guess its not that bad i just felt seriously let down and would not recommend this to anyone"
76561198360536482,Recommended,486310,32278479,Posted: 8 June,all,daphnevp62,i LOVE THIS GAME!
76561198091563444,Recommended,486310,26260163,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Nub Snubbler,"Hats off to the developer, this game for sum reason actually runs worst than Battlefield 1.  Fun game if you wanna be a badger 10/10 ign like skyrim with badgers. kappa"
76561198243335934,Recommended,486310,26608723,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Regret,"gud game, need to get gud and 360 frog noscope. 9/11"
76561198055962004,Recommended,486310,26234796,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Funny Dog Picture,The premier Badger pack simulator
76561198198752842,Recommended,486310,33916411,Posted: 30 July,all,RainbowDash,How do you get the Lyxn?
76561198122211302,Recommended,486310,26250223,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,SebaFrog,I think the game is gonna be much better with you make it to windows 7 and above. I cant not play the game );
,Recommended,486310,26250211,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Kaszanka,very nice game
,Recommended,486310,26248051,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,horskso,"The game just fine, especially when playing with your best friend. All advise, especially fans of Shelter"
76561198025374041,Recommended,486310,26236971,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,cjallen88,Well I enjoyed that more than I expected.
76561198004633129,Not Recommended,486310,26243936,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,.com.bat,In this game everything is fine except optimization..
,Not Recommended,486310,31160968,Posted: 15 April,all,HalfEyes,"The game looks great, but there is no server for asians and south americans. I would love to play this game under 100MS, without seen other players teleporting."
,Not Recommended,486310,26241532,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,robotpukeko,"Runs terribly on my system, probably associated to the terrible ping from NZ, as it performs the same at the lowest and the highest settings. There also seems to be no way to make the screen fullscreen, so it ends up with a border, which you can't centralise. The movement from side to side while running is very bizarre and off-putting. Not my thing!"
,Not Recommended,486310,28737477,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Inquisitor Penguin,"There isn't really much to do in this game. Granted, the price is low, so I suppose you get what you pay for.You can run around aimlessly as much as you like, and there are a series of icons all over the screen. Pressing these icons produces a larger version of the icon in the middle of your screen, but doesn't appear to do anything else. Pressing the right mouse button causes your animal to emit a noise, and that's it. Walk around, make a noise, display an image in the middle of your screen.Perhaps playing the original games reveals what any of this means. After I get a chance to go through those, if they help me understand what the purpose of Meadow is, I will update the review.In its current state, this product isn't really worth $3."
76561198308939473,Not Recommended,486310,34580156,Posted: 29 August,all,CherokeeBear,"I'm all for nature games. I love anything almost, that has to do with nature. However, I feel this game is entirely boring. It's pretty much, the more time you waste in the game, the more cool animals you gain in the game. I feel like there needs to be a much bigger objective in the game than just spending more time in the game to upgrade animals. It would be more enjoyable if the graphics were more realistic like Ori and the Blind Forest, and the music was improved but I feel maybe objectives like helping a squirrel find its family would improve the game a lot. And objectives get more and more intense as it goes on."
,Not Recommended,486310,26298698,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,kingtommy22,I can't even load a server.....Everytime I click on a server it just says that it couldn't connect and then the game proceeds to shut off every single time....I'm extremely dissapointed....
76561198010257295,Not Recommended,486310,26271361,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Shortyzz,"Dear reader,You would think that this is a fun, relaxing an social game. Well, it should be .The reality is, that even though the game is so god darned simple (running around,collecting flowers or something), it is a lagfest you can't even imagineChanging my graphic settings from the max to minimum does not change the fps by a bit. To me, even though it's only 3 euro's, it's a cheap cashgrab.I can't have sympathy with the developers, since if you would let a couple of people test this game out, you would KNOW that it's broken and has enormous fps issues.If they can't fix this within 2 weeks, i will refund the game. Yes, i know it's only 3 euro's, but not a SINGLE penny to cashgrab developers!"
76561198340741685,Not Recommended,486310,26494956,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Granata,Bad Game give me back my money
76561198309249808,Recommended,486310,26260003,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,mattscottdguy,"Some guy in the reviews wanted to ""Catch food for his cubs"" and ""bring back food for his baby birds"" and weird stuff like that. I don't know if this guy is Hungry or is just obsessed with bein a Mom. Dude just be a man, be an animal, and walk around exploring, like this game says you can. Or you could just breastfeed a baby irl, cuz that's exactly what it sounds like you're wanting to do. Play the game it is and stop wishing for weirdness"
,Recommended,486310,26407268,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Grime Godfather Peewee Herman,"FFANTATSTIC ITS GOOD,, ITS  REALL Y GOOD GOO D GOO Dthe fps is bad but iTS GONNA BE FIXED SO ITS GOODGROUP OF 20 PEOPLE AND WE'RE ALL IMMEDIATELY BEST FRIENDS I LOVE THIS GAME"
76561197999141956,Not Recommended,486310,32659509,Posted: 22 June,all,Interf3ktum,"I like the atmosphere of the game. It was fun to run around collecting random essences and whatnot. Then I saw all the other animals and wanted to get those. I researched and found out that you can only get the better animals (eagle, etc) from owning the other shelter games. I do not have any of them. So essentially this is a pay to win game which is wierd. If you own all the other shelter games, get this, its great. If you don't own any other shelter game, beware because you will not have access to the coolest animals."
,Not Recommended,486310,26237065,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,R1N,love the looks of the game but haven't been able to fully play due to the bad fps in game..hope it gets fixed then i'll be playing more of meadow :)
,Not Recommended,486310,27534848,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,E.Sonic,"The world is empty. No rabbits to chase, no deer to huntThe one server that has people on it is too laggy to playThe other servers are empty - not even NPCs to fill the voidJust a ghost town... or ghost forest.Very dissapointing, nothing for players to interract with. Was hoping to hunt and run with other Lynx players and maybe have other players play as the cubs. But I guess not. Wanted to like this game.Hope they release more stuff to interact with - especially rabbits/birds/deer to hunt and chase. Till then stick to Wolf Quest everyone."
76561198173281186,Not Recommended,486310,29153505,Posted: 9 January,all,DiamondPierce,really boring dont get
76561198088884478,Not Recommended,486310,26357703,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Marian,The game doesn't let me start it doesn't let me connect to any of the servers even on the one that i have very low ms on. I see that a lot of people have this problem and i see that it isn't fixed from the things i saw on the forums. From the first 5 minutes of trying to play it and not connecting i already want to refund it.
76561198042024457,Not Recommended,486310,26281310,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,getler1,Unable to connect to the server and the devs don't seem to be able to solve this issue. For a multiplayer only game this can be quite an issue. If you use bitdefender don't buy this game as they think that's is their issue. I'm planning to ask for a refund as it is literally unplayable for me.
,Not Recommended,486310,31190760,Posted: 16 April,all,FallLynx,This game can get very boring after 10 mins of following a group around and exploring. :/
,Not Recommended,486310,31236738,Posted: 19 April,all,chuck180,"cool look and idea, but expected boring for low price"
,Not Recommended,486310,33619645,Posted: 17 July,all,jmmafftgto,"So it's just an advertisement for other games?It's supposed to be a relaxing walk through nature, but the walking around isn't even fun. The controls are clunky as hell. Incredibly frustrating just to walk in a straight line. And the graphics are way uglier than the screenshots make it look. I have nothing good to say about this game."
,Not Recommended,486310,33102020,Posted: 1 July,all,Endaji Kun,"The game has potential. It has a very relaxing atmosphere. You start in an open world full of animals. Unfortunately, you are assigned to the beginning animal. As an animal you run through the world, searching for a group and collecting items. But the open world gets a bit boring after thirty minutes. I would like to see more challenging elements, buildings, structures, et cetera, in the world. It would also be nice if there were some quests. Currently, there are no clear objectives. Also, the game crashed when shutting down."
,Not Recommended,486310,26410433,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Ashnami,I saw this game just come out and I was so excited to play it.. then it says its not compatible. please help :c
,Not Recommended,486310,32926251,Posted: 28 June,all,Undefeated Legend of Destruction,Such a simple and elegant game if it weren't for its clunky♥♥♥♥♥controls that completely ruin the immersion in the game. It's like the devs didn't put time and effort into this. Don't buy.
,Not Recommended,486310,29594260,Posted: 30 January,all,BoxfishJLF,"This game is horrible. The controlls are clucky and awful to work with. You have no idea what you're doing unless you read seperate forums or walk around for hours. Its incredibly boring as well with no clear directive or driving force. I shouldve stuck with my guns when i first heard about this game. ""Give it a shot"" the voice in my head kept telling me.I regret buying this game and wouldnt recommend this garbage to anyone."
76561198004585919,Not Recommended,486310,33422816,Posted: 9 July,all,sircrimsonfox,They fail to even do the simplest thing to do in a 3d environment. MOVE. It is hard to move. you can't see where you are going a lot. The turns you make make things worse and you can't often control the camera. Then you get stuck on rocks. Oh boy... this is bad. I suppose it would be worse if there were a point...goals you can have. But it's just wobbling about. I couldn't even pick what I wanted to be. :(
76561198137770980,Not Recommended,486310,33683541,Posted: 20 July,all,🥚HUEVO🥚,"I honestly found Meadow extremely boring. I wasn't in the least bit 'relaxed' like a lot of other reviewers of this game claim it made them. I just kind of felt like I couldn't control what was happening. The controls are a little funky and while the emotes make it hard to hurt anyone, it also makes it hard to know just what the heck is going on. I spent most of my time playing Meadow utterly confused and uninterested. The fanbase is realllly great, though I found the game to be a bit of a snore. It is cheap enough that you could try it and decide to return it like I did, but I really didn't enjoy this game even though I wanted to."
76561198302618162,Not Recommended,486310,29507898,Posted: 26 January,all,V1br4n1um,Difficult to get new animals
76561198002599540,Not Recommended,486310,35005689,Posted: 16 September,all,Bluggach,"I bought this game recently and after about 10 minutes of 'gameplay' I requested a refund. I read the reviews beforehand so I knew it wasn't really a game, more of a chat room/explore the world/different style of art game, etc. but dang.When I started the game it had me choose a 'server' I guess you would call it. US East, US West, perhaps Asia, and another one, I can't really recall. What I do recall, however, were the amount of people in these servers. Asia had about 60, the American servers combined had, I think, 3?So you start out as a baby badger...and run around and can make calls and stuff. The different art style is, well, different. It's pretty cool but it wasn't enough to keep my attention.I would dub this game a walking simulator with chat room elements that I couldn't justify for $2.99. I mean, you could try it out and just do what I did if you don't like it, but I didn't like it at all."
,Not Recommended,486310,26635151,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Nepster,Because i have a problem with the game and i don't know what to do
76561198167004533,Not Recommended,486310,30124924,Posted: 23 February,all,Finn,♥♥♥♥ te camera! is so ♥♥♥♥ing hard to move the animal!
76561198154384924,Not Recommended,486310,26314956,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Seth0401,the game just like to vrash and i cant even gt 5 minest to play
76561198066664753,Recommended,486310,32874181,Posted: 27 June,all,Moonrose,This is a fun game i love playing this game!
,Not Recommended,486310,26268552,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Burning Ass Taco,i get better fps in no mans sky
,Recommended,486310,26233596,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Kit,This is a wonderful experience
76561198381359099,Recommended,486310,32853570,Posted: 27 June,all,shelrn,*Buys Everything I Can But Still Doesn't Get Eagle* WHAT THE HECK MIGHT AND DEIGHT!!!!!! *Sobbing*
76561198073708971,Not Recommended,486310,28232757,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Running Eagle,Ran around as a badger for 37 minutes. Collected essence. 600 ping on the east coast server. Not a single other player was seen.10/10 would make my most hated enemy play until they commit seppuku.
76561198263129363,Not Recommended,486310,27697696,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,socks and sandles,"no, because when I got My goat and my friend to we did not get other animal pices."
76561198393799704,Not Recommended,486310,32241741,Posted: 7 June,all,H00TER,It wouldnt work for me. It keeps saying that it auto-resets and I cant even join a server!
,Not Recommended,486310,26638953,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Jackstraw,Game literally doesnt work for me and many many others as i have read on the fourms. I tried to give the developers a chance to fix this but after many updates and no mention of a fix i tried to refund and was denied becuase of a 2 week time limit. Thumbs down for now as im stuck with a piece of garbage that doesnt even work. Hopfully they will fix this issue and i can give it a try.
,Not Recommended,486310,32598453,Posted: 20 June,all,SirRamenNoodles,"This game is utter useless and I don't know what others like in it, but I ended up returning this game and asking for a refund. I must have played for a mere hour before I gave up because it didn't feel like a game worthy enough for my time or energy. Do youself a favor and dont buy it."
,Not Recommended,486310,29010877,Posted: 4 January,all,Tea Bird,I love the shelter games but this is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198364013176,Not Recommended,486310,35033336,Posted: 17 September,all,MrLemming,"Bought it hoping it would be nice. Was NOT. Laggy and my computer IS very strong. People often rush up to me thinking I'm their friend and roleplay with me. I can't say 'Leave me alone' or 'Wrong person' I go through a while with people just jumping on me. Next thing, you start of with a really crappy badger baby. It's slow, can't smell food far, and its just another piece of trash in the dumpster. You go through a good hour of collecting these big statue things chips. You get skins, animals, and emotes. The worst part is when your party decides to leave you behind. Then it goes through your friends getting angry at you and then you lose a party member sometimes. After that, we have one of the other bad things. Roleplayers. They pretty much follow you around and jump on you spamming the X emote when it disappears. Next thing is.. The BUGS. You can EASILY fall off the map by going to the edge and spamming the lay down button as the crappy baby badger.  ALSO when you jump in mud, you don't get muddy. (Mud best part. It's liquid chocolate cake) I don't recommend at ALL.Mud best part though."
76561198140529458,Not Recommended,486310,26295873,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,XxLionHeartxX,"dont get this game. it really sucks. you cant control anything and when you finally achieve something, instead of getting a new animal, you get an emote."
76561198311417456,Not Recommended,486310,26728100,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Change Persists,"Mind numbingly boring.I was drawn to this game for the idea seemed exciting and novel.Forming groups of animals to accomplish tasks together, communicating via a series of emoticons sounds great ,,, right?Well it really could be , but this ""game"" just does not cut it in my opinion ,the tasks are tedious and unsatisfying , the controls mesh with camera is so annoying.While the asthetic may appeal to some , I found it hard to enjoy and define detail ,for a casual exploration game as fuana in the wilderness, enjoying the scenery is a must.Logging out of the game takes about 4 minutes????I have requested a refund , so dissapointed."
76561198107910123,Not Recommended,486310,33874278,Posted: 28 July,all,Caribou,"Nick Crompton dissaproves, game was boring as hell."
76561198018771921,Not Recommended,486310,26256775,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,LORD OF THE NAUGHTY BUNS,The game will not boot up. I bought this stupid game for my kid. Whom is currently nagging in my ear about this game. I want a full refund. Why should I have to suffer and waste my time for your incompetence.
,Not Recommended,486310,29965081,Posted: 16 February,all,Hanzo Shimada,Nothing really to do in this game.
76561198072796586,Not Recommended,486310,30945453,Posted: 4 April,all,RANDAL CRANBERRIES,yew haz bad camra♥♥♥♥♥♥roles:D
,Not Recommended,486310,26395660,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Neurosys420,"Even @ 3 measly bux, this is rubbish."
,Not Recommended,486310,29681417,Posted: 3 February,all,ThatGuyHarry,"I love the game is is amazing, But one day when i want to go play it and it would not let me logon. I updated it, i restart my computer but still would not join a saver."
,Not Recommended,486310,29635144,Posted: 1 February,all,ShadowStorm,boring
76561198196831486,Not Recommended,486310,29635097,Posted: 1 February,all,Haf,"Pay wall game that is fantacally supported by mindless furries. It's not like other greed grabbing games.. This one is defended by ignorant and fuzz blinded fans. If you say anything negative about this game you will be attacked by fan boys and girls that ridicule and harrass. If you say anything negative towards these actions then you will be labled a troll and banned like me.  DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. Most of the animals are locked behind a paywall, the game has no chat, the objective is to explore yet everything looks the same, if you enjoy playing games solo sometimes then do not waste your time here. The only thing you can do alone in this game is move around and make noises. The objectives are all group based and there is no party system, no way to keep track of other players. The textures will make you sick and cause your stomach to turn after playing this for only a little while.The developers are not friendly people, nor do they care for your enjoyment.. This game is a scam. Do not buy it!"
,Not Recommended,486310,26428640,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,i would sniff her farts up,no guns
76561198353257716,Not Recommended,486310,34873743,Posted: 10 September,all,devin13132,doesn't deserve $3 ♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game it should be free
76561198342587757,Not Recommended,486310,31798458,Posted: 16 May,all,Thee_oddworld,boring
,Not Recommended,486310,31592522,Posted: 6 May,all,ay lmao im jus tryna KNIT boi,if you're a furry you'll love this garbagego ♥♥♥♥ some animals and wander about doing♥♥♥♥♥♥all for as long as you want but if you want something to happen then you might wanna play a different game
76561198397608728,Not Recommended,486310,32854065,Posted: 27 June,all,bluebrabra,"why not open the system for China ,we are difficult to connect the system for enjoying the game.I will aprreciate it if you would like to accecpt my advice.:)"
,Not Recommended,486310,33270257,Posted: 5 July,all,Nietzschan,if you like hipster walking sims where you can become a badger and run around like an autist looking for other mentally challenged people that got tricked by the jew into buying this trash and also enjoy headache inducing controls and having absolutely nothing to do then go ahead and buy it like the globalist consumer sheep that you are
76561198375655470,Not Recommended,486310,32342419,Posted: 11 June,all,mikeboc18,Just bad
,Recommended,486310,30415094,Posted: 9 March,all,Alykat,"Super cute and fun idea that wraps up the awesomeness of Shelter 1 and 2 quite nicely. I believe the simplistic ""chat"" symbols and cute faces/noises your animal can make is quite charming, and adds to the overall feel that this series brings. The artwork is astonishing as always, and the community is respectful and helpful. I really could not have come up with a better game for this franchise, it was very well executed overall."
76561198362375956,Recommended,486310,30459173,Posted: 11 March,all,Wolfie_2005,how do u change animals?
76561198370370053,Recommended,486310,30459727,Posted: 11 March,all,kdaugherty35,I really love this game and i'd recommend it but i have all the shelter games and soundtracks but it still wont let me play as the eagle what do i do?
76561198324994949,Recommended,486310,30616838,Posted: 19 March,all,sbutrfli,"I loved the open world of shelter, shelter 2 and paws.  Playing as so many different animals was amazing because it gave you choices. Also meeting new people was fantastic! Adorable and Adventure put together is this amazing game!"
76561198347699085,Recommended,486310,28697810,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MapleMint,"I really liked this game but, I lost my animals from the other games like shelter,shelter2,and paws.everytime I play it does that now does anyone know how to fix it?"
,Recommended,486310,30457063,Posted: 11 March,all,Coccoonn,"Great game,it can be very relaxing OR fun and exciting. a Good pass time."
76561198058897082,Recommended,486310,30383703,Posted: 7 March,all,Blockhead,"Drastically underrated. One needs only 5 minutes to become friends with complete strangers only using emotes. The big problem is that other people make the game, and with the exception of east coast america, there are less than 5 people per server, so you better get used to long ping times if you dont live there."
76561198181119857,Recommended,486310,30477571,Posted: 12 March,all,Youmeanies,"This is a great game, but I think there should be a tutorial. To be honest, I have no idea what I'm doing and where I'm going most of the time XDA storyline would be nice, too :) and how do you get new animals? (like I said, I have NO idea what I'm doing here)"
,Recommended,486310,28085652,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,puffin,9/10just add hedgehogs and it's 10/10
76561198301805087,Recommended,486310,30869350,Posted: 31 March,all,LeoManitee,"I absolutely adore this game. The world is huge and there is so much to explore! It's so refreshing to have an open world game where you can just relax and have fun with your freinds.  The auto run mechanic is wonderful and really makes you feel like you're running free. The environment is gorgeous and feels like it came right out of a fairy tale. The multiplayer is fair and freindly and the game contains emotes that allow players to communicate pretty extensively while making it nearly impossible for players to harrass others. It's hard to find good exploration games without violence or questionable material, but meadow is perfect for anyone to play! Some of the playable animals are locked from casual plyers, but the game is totally worth the price. I highly recommend this game for anyone who just wants to sit back, relax, and have a great time."
,Not Recommended,486310,26262821,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,orange,"meadow is a game for niche players who only want aesthetic collectibles to show off their virtual prowess.there is no goal besides collecting flowers / rocks / essense, which give you emotes and skins and new animals (which you need to collect more flowers and rocks for... to get more skins and emotes...).the 'forum in games clothing' claim is honestly a lie. 10 emotes and a couple directional symbols barely add up to being the kind of diction comparable to a forum. none of the creatures on when i played used it for anything close to that purpose, either. emotes were used primarily just to spam (along with jumping and the animal noise button), and directional symbols were used to say 'over here / this way' and nothing much else.i like the visuals of the game in theory, but in motion its unclear and not that great to stare at. ALL of the textures are busy, and repeated, busy textures on low poly EVERYTHING is bad. the still images for the collectables were just as textured, but being STILL IMAGES, they actually looked good and had a good feel to them--i really do like the emote pictures as well.sound design wasnt terrible, but every animal seemed to only have one call noise (from what i could tell from people spamming it). there seemed to only be one or two BGM songs, one of which had a very action-y tempo that didnt fit the mood at all.gameplay also wasnt too bad. i ran around in a pack for a bit as a frog and a badger. the whole being-in-a-pack thing made my game lag pretty bad (which it shouldnt!!! my computer can definitely handle a bunch of low-poly animals). the camera is probably the worst aspect of the game. i tried both the freelook and locked version, despite there being an almost indiscernable difference between the two, and at random either the animal i was playing or the camera would decide to turn extremely slow. it was annoying to deal with it the entirety of the time i played.id suggest trying The Endless Forest before even considering buying Meadow. theyre basically the same save for one having more animal choices than the other. TEF gives you more unique choices for the skins you can wear (not JUST busy textures), and theyre a lot easier to get. TEFs visuals, while a bit older than Meadows, are much more natural and less of a pain to look at. Also, TEF is free."
,Recommended,486310,26300310,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Plebacabra,i like the goat noises
76561198121786575,Not Recommended,486310,26263926,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,cAAARARRLL,"So, I played this game and I liked it I guess but it lagged and my connection kept 'breaking' and it had to shut down making the game IMPOSSIBLE to play. It's confusing too, moving around is hard and I think the game needs more work before it's released. When the game said my connection was breaking, I played it before pressing 'OK' and it was completely fine! I wanted a multiplayer of shelter, it looks like shelter but it's pretty bad"
,Recommended,486310,26260139,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Definitely a Cannibal,"This game isn't perfect yet, i do wish it had the hunting aspect and other npc wildlife in general and a bigger variety of emotes, it is fun and there is promise in it and its future and i personally enjoy playing it either by myself or with a group, you need a group for quick progression but you can also progress pretty well with just one other animal or yourself, i've never had an issue with connecting to servers yet and its camera was hard to get the hang ofset camera to follow character and lean it back behind your animalthen just use the movement keys to run and move, the camera will turn without the mouseand you can still look around with the mousethe animals seem to like making stubborn left and right turns that will completely turn you aroundjust stop moving then continue movingthe map is pretty big, theres caves to explore, you can do this on your own or with othersits pretty easy to communicate with emotes though it needs moreif you want easy progression go into servers with 20-30 people, theres always a huge group stampedding around getting ruins and flowers, you'll unlock things in minutesor just get a friend or two to run around withit does need single person ruins to get so you don't always need just 2 people for the smaller ones though :/tldr;Game is funControls are a little wonkyGroup progression is 10/0 speed2 people progression is 5/10 speedsingle person progression is 2/10 speedset camera to follow character, use movement keys only and occasionally use mouse to look around"
,Recommended,486310,26464581,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,kittyhawk,"If you're a fan of the Shelter series (Shelter 1 & 2) You'll love this game. Meadow is a social experience, most players follow a leader amd try to gather Essence. Essence allows you to customize your character and unlock skins (pelts) for your animals. I've seen some people complain about not being able to unlock all the characters, this is because you need to purchase previous games, soundtracks and books to be able to play as all the animals.Shelter 1: Badger (adult)Shelter 2: Lynx (adult)Paws: Lynx (kitten) and bear cub (I think)There are 3 animals you can unlock without buying the previous games listed.Badger cub (default animal,) Rabbit, Frog and the Goat.Might and delight provides a very interesting type of game and they make it emotional aswell because you will love the animals. The theme of the shelter series is also very interesting because it is unique to Might and Delight.But in all seriousness I would rate this game 11/10. Its amazing"
76561197989270269,Recommended,486310,26432522,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Combat Wombat,"Hello everyone,I'm momma lynx, i miss my babies ever since they grew up ;(Tried to adopt a cute bunny, but i think he's a bit simple, spends all his time squeaking at rocks, it's just not the same :(Tried to adopt a goat, but he just runs away making odd faces at me :(Yesterday i met a little bear cub, but he vanished into a deep dark cave chasing something, haven't seen him since :(This morning i met another lynx, she is sad like me, her cubs are also gone, we just couldnt overcome this constant reminder and parted ways :(This afternoon i was awakened from a nap in my den by a young badger cub, he excitedly ran up to me and squeaked, smiled and then curled up beside me to sleep. Woke up this evening and he's still here.I think im going to be ok."
76561198271665597,Recommended,486310,26463555,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,kyrnus,"It's really refreshing to play a game without timers or the possibility of being killed/dying. I'm too much of a casual gamer to really challenge myself, and this game is perfect for a relaxing run through the woods. It's always fun to meet up with other animals and just wander around collecting essence.10/10 The most pure thing ever."
76561198199526549,Recommended,486310,26438924,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,clockhouse,"Such an adorable and relaxing game, great to find friends and explore. You are definitely rewarded with being curious across the beautiful maps.Although it might take a while to understand what all the emotes and icons are for, as well as keeping up with your group (once you've found one). The ping rate can get really high, especially with the server containg over 100 players. Which can get pretty hard to wokr with and may need fixing since it's an mmo and only has three available servers.Currently, there are no negative impacts to your animal in the game, e.g. dying, starving, sleeping, getting hunted etc. Which is great for casual gaming."
76561197998583069,Recommended,486310,26467116,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,reddcloud,"Very Beautiful and peacful open world sandbox. If you are a fan of the Shelter games, you will like this one a lot also. Worth the price."
76561198083356089,Recommended,486310,26368273,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,iAllyG,"This game is so cute and interactive! It has enough adventure to keep you interested, but not too much where you are overwhelmed. I still can not quite figure out the camera angles, and really think they could be tweeked. It's complicated to keep the camera facing forward."
76561198139083512,Recommended,486310,26379183,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,DANK MAGICIAN,"This game isnt well optimized yet. It has the potential to be an amazing shelter game, but i get very few frames when my laptop should be able to easily run it. It may be to do with servers tho as i can play on an empty grover, tho that defeats the point eh"
76561198323881920,Not Recommended,486310,26377616,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Kiksu,"My computer SHOULD be able to run the game, but alas, it doesn't. The lag is ridiculous even when playing on the lowest graphic settings. The character moves like a tank due to the lag. I bought the game for my friend too who couldn't even get in the game. Now we're just waiting for the refunds...The game assumes you're already familiar with Shelter games - if you're not, you're going to be left confused. The player is just thrown in with no clue as to what you're supposed do, there's just a load of buttons on the screen - none of which appear to actually DO anything. I think they were going for a ""try and learn yourself"" style, but sadly the confusion the game caused beat my will to attempt to learn it."
76561198013351482,Recommended,486310,26377209,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Glawter,"At first the game seems pointless and boring, but the more I thought about it, the more I liked the idea, it's different.I ended up buying the game for me and a friend and we spawned in the same spot as badgers, we spent some time discovering the controls and emotes.Then we met another badger in the spawn, we started jumping and trying to communicate with him and we went together explore. We found a friendly leopard and went on adventures together like a family. We merged with 2 other groups but we still took care of each other making sure none of us 4 got lost. The saddest time was when they logged off. It wasn't the same anymore, that's what tells you when to stop for the day :DAwesome game experience, we laughed a lot and over all, the community of players can't be toxic.It's a shame you can't tag animals you meet to recognice them or add them on steam, it's part of it's charm though."
76561198174722381,Recommended,486310,26448581,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,SoundableLime5523,Today I Became A Badger.... My Life Is Complete
76561198210444383,Recommended,486310,26449238,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Computercat55,"Great game! A little glitchy, and can be laggy at times, but good anyways. If your a fan on the Shelter series, the Might & Delight art style, and amazing music, this is the game for you. It's a simple, but has objectives. It's not completely open ended, you can have aspirations for getting new animals, emotes, and patterned pelts, but you dont have too. You can just find some people (animals), and chill to the music and serene enviroment."
76561198122923031,Recommended,486310,26451220,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Epic Ghost,this game is awesome! You can socialize with other player and more cool things!
76561198068823668,Recommended,486310,26444926,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Metsakeijju,"Relaxing and fun game, really worth the price!"
,Recommended,486310,26453386,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,chanchibar,"It's just the best parts of an MMO. Adventuring with friends, exploration, and item collecting. I will be playing a lot of this."
76561198131804268,Recommended,486310,26458073,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,TheCrimsonFucker,"On the surface, this game looks like a load of nothing. I am new to this series of games so I had no idea what to expect, so when i booted the game up, I hardly expected this. Just... walking. As a badger cub, at least to start off. This is one of the most nothing games I have ever played.Yet for some reason... I love it.The music, the atmosphere, the gameplay... Its all so destressing. Its like meditating or just sitting back and relaxing. Its... Oddly comforting. If you want an action based game and to get that adreniline rush going, go play Warframe or TF2 or Batman. But if you wanna chill for a couple hours and just enjoy playing with others and discovering stuff as a adorable animal, three bucks is definitly worth it."
76561198136994105,Recommended,486310,26444455,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,vagueshadow123,this is an amazing game you should get this game but on the down side you need the other shelter games to unlock other animals
,Recommended,486310,26439306,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Kdragon,BEST GAME I EVER DID PLAY !!!! :DDDDDD
,Recommended,486310,26417188,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,imatchination,Beautiful. Imaginative. Collaborative. Incredibly fun. Best game I have played in years.
,Recommended,486310,26408656,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,dragonight1993,I like it its relaxing and fun.
76561198167190164,Recommended,486310,26429636,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Untittled,"I reccommend if you wanna get ur stress out, Its calm, no killing, no dying, just all calm with that calm music, i reccommend putting the music thing to frequently so you can get that adventure, meet up with strangers and explore with them, find essance and no mic or talking needed, rawr or callout with the animal you are currently in for help, show emotes, and use pictures as languages, This can just take all the stress out, Even if your like DOOM guy or just raged, recommend this game"
,Recommended,486310,26427742,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Tyrannosaurid king,I really love this game it's really fun and if ya wanna relax play this!
,Recommended,486310,26424073,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Buns,Neat little game. Only $3 and if you like their previous games there some enjoyment to be found in this one too.
76561198132228470,Recommended,486310,26426763,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,FireWolf,"Awesome game to play after a long day.  Very calming and fun to run around with random people, communicating without words 10/10"
76561198134091368,Recommended,486310,26429074,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,teegmonkey,"This is a great game so far! my only problem with it is I can't keep up with everyone else because my computer lags whenever I try to run or if there are other players around me. I hope there is a way to fix this problem, because I really like the game! (Keep in mind I have a laptop, it's not really made for gaming purposes,)"
76561198184548918,Recommended,486310,26342541,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,PurpleTrickster,"I really liked this game, I have been a fan of the Shelter art style even since Shelter 2, the first game i really played. I love the idea of wandering around the world of Shelter with complete strangers and everyone can understand the basics of what the others are saying. Also the price for what it is, is a steal considering how beautiful it is.but there are some major cons to this game. For one, the lag is a major ♥♥♥♥♥, but that might just be me. Also it would be nice if the map gave a genral idea on where you were in the world, not major colour, but just small landmarks or maybe cave entrances to make it easiler and not having to scale the mountainside trying to find the collector rocks.But overal, I like it for what it is, but it would be cool to have a bit more to play with in terms of direction. And the lag has got to go!"
76561198102265216,Recommended,486310,26371585,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,No Thanks,"I think this game is awesome, since i have always wanted to be the deer/goat in shelter 2, they should add a wolf. That would be a really cool animal to add into meadow. Its fun exploring new places with other people. If you love to hang out with other people and to adventure, this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,486310,26409508,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,imp,"I liked this game and It's concept, but at this time I feel It falls sort on a number of aspects that prevent me from recommending It. One of those aspects is that there is a serious lack of things to do, another is that calling it a forum would make sense If you could talk via chat or voice but you can't. The only way you can communicate is through emotes and the single sound each animal makes with the left mouse. There are many people who walk with others but only when mutualism applies, such as when these Monoliths called ""Obelisks"" are found or saught out, I have rarely seen people going around together who were using the emotes for anything other than to find and tell others of potential Obelisks. The majority of my 6 hours spent In Meadow was either being led or being the one leading a mass horde towards an Obelisk I saw in the distance, or following a slow Frog/Badger who was lying about seeing one. It caught my habit to always want to collect achievements and items but I got little reward. I unlocked every animal but they all played the same excluding the varying speeds which seemed rather arbitrary. As a forum or forum I cant recommend this game. As a game I can't recommend it either."
,Recommended,486310,26366403,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,MascuLynn,"I hate the tank-like controls, I don't see why this game doesn't allow a contoller like the others. Normally I prefer Keyboard and mouse, but the controls for the shelter games have always be terrible with it, and FAR better with a controller. Other than that gripe however I love everything else. Just really hate the controlls. PLEASE, add controller support to this lovely and artistic game."
76561198260438270,Recommended,486310,26366924,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,xmagicwolf,"Very cute game!Your journey may consist of:Meeting larger animals,Forming a group with other animals,squeaking/making callsbetween each other to keep track of the group,and generallyfinding new things and helping your group!The only cons I found were mostly a slow game if you have high graphicsand some of the turning around is tricky,but eventually you'll figure it out!Not to mention the whole gameplay is pretty calm!"
,Recommended,486310,26367219,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,vibrissae,"Beautifully calming. While the game isn't particularly engaging, it is definitely nice on the eyes, with several, all very cute creatures to play as. A few are gated by the purchase of other games by the same developers, but the games in question are all very great themselves, and more than worth the small price tag they have.You can't directly communicate with anyone, only through emotes provided to you. At first, you only have a few, but you can unlock others through playing normally. The game encourages socialization and grouping together through obelisks, unique rocks that require a certain number, or type, of animals nearby. The obelisks provide you with puzzle pieces, which are used to unlock new animals, or a skin/emote for the animal you're currently using at the time. Puzzle pieces can also be found randomly lying around, if unfortunately, you can't find anyone to travel with. The world itself is quite large as far as I can tell, with four different ""biomes"", one for each season, as well as expansive underground caves.I've enjoyed it so far. I'm sure once I've unlocked everything, the game will start to grow stale, but I doubt that will be any time soon, as there are a good number of animals and customization options for each. For $3, it is more than worth the price."
,Recommended,486310,26373267,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Soraya,Good game
,Recommended,486310,26430620,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,VerySoft,"Tl;dr; The game has great charms, but it sort of flawed as far as being an online multiplayer game that you will want to come back to.It's neat, but it is not a Shelter game.~*~*~*~It is great fun to roam around the big open world and meet a big group of friendly animals to roam with, and collect treasure, and explore! You can collect colored dodads and flowers, and unlock obelisks together, to unlock new animals to play as, skins for the cutten animal, and emotes for the current animal, and that's relaxing and fun~That alone is honestly worth the present full purchase price, in my opinion~HOWEVER~That is ALL there is to do. Functionally, you can walk, run, jump, and do a variety of emotes, most of which put some kind of picture above your head, which can communicate a small, context sensitive variety of concepts to other players who are close by.That's as deep as interaction goes. Now, I am not saying there should be a chat or anything, I actually really like the limited communication between animals, it makes a really fun system of communication.But again, that's ALL there is. There's no form of threat, no failstates, no challenges. There's not much GAME here. You just wander together and collect the same stuff over and over again to unlock things for you.And really that's my main problem with this game. It comes from a game who's story all that is told almost exclusively through the doing, the things that happen, the interactions between the things you meet, and generally it all makes sense.Aside from the emotes in this game, there is no player interaction, there is no real interaction at all.Now, this game does not advertize itself as a Shelter game, so I am trying not to knock it for not being a multiplayer Shelter.But if I am honest, that is what I would really like from this game. And the only real reason that I bring this up, and think it is at all relevent, aside from the fact that they have the same graphics, is that many of the animals you can play as, and some of the emotes, are unlocked by owning the other content from these developers. Which means, anyone who has the Adult Badger, or Adult Lynx? They had to buy Shelter or Shelter 2 to acquire those. There is no other way to get them, than by having two other games that would translate really well in my opinion to being a multiplayer predator/prey survival type game~Of course, I understand that what we have here is something totally different. I would be happy to pay significantly more money for a Multiplayer shelter game. This one though I think could do with some kinds of fun, optional challenges or some such. Races? Hide and seek? Collectable easter egg hunts?Maybe some areas only the smallest animals can go, and have there be something inside that they can bring to the larger characters?Maybe some areas the baby animals can't jump to, and so need a ride from the larger animals?These are just a few things that I thought of off the top of my head that I think would do wonders to enhance the interactions and longjevity of this game.Again, for the present full price, this game is definitely worth it. I just wish that there was more to do, and I would honestly happily pay more for that."
76561198258965328,Recommended,486310,26433047,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Meggo,Really cute and relaxing game
,Recommended,486310,26357409,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Halal Certified,Managed to get a couple people to follow me in circles for a good hour so we wasted 3 hours between all of us respectively. 10/10 best walking simulator 2016
,Recommended,486310,26246665,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Saⱴagⱸ Gamdom.com,very nice game
76561198083048958,Recommended,486310,26270155,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,✪HpYeY,"Honestly the best game i have played in a while, and it's amazing how a game for 2.99€ gives me more enjoyment than a 30-50€ would.Currently some optimaztion problems but if you play in a low populated grove it'll be fine.The future for this game looks promising with dedicated devs and content updates already annouced.And yes, I really recommend this game =D"
76561198277333921,Recommended,486310,26620928,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Birdperson,"I love this game, and i have played it for only a short while, it has great potential. Reccomend to anybody who wants to move around at a top speed of 5MPH as a badger until they find a group of people slow enough that they can keep up with"
,Recommended,486310,26593689,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Mika,"So this is my very first review for any game on steam, I have to say this is probably the best game that I have actually played all year. Very simple run around and collect puzzle pieces! If you are feeling like lonely I'd go as far to say you become friends with some people, if you really want to go and add someone but can't see their name tag, press RightAlt key and you will see their steam name. Anyways extremely relaxing, you got some peaceful music playing and you don't have anyone flaming you in chat. A very nice change of pace from your other MMO type of games. I think I will get much more hours out of this game from how fun and relaxing this game is. As a person who would get more upset over competitive games I will need this in my life and I am glad I got it.11/10 game imo."
,Recommended,486310,26638385,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Calyxise,"This game is so cool and relaxing.  The controls are kind of wonky,  but you'll get used to 'em.It's just basically a collecting game.  Collect stuff,  unlocks stuff.But it's so relaxing and peaceful.  9/10."
76561198166159403,Recommended,486310,26702736,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,DeltaBlaze8201 (Cuddles),"For a game that is only 3 dollars, its worth every penny. If they made it more though, i would turn it down, and here's why.Pros:-The game is beautiful and with a lack of direct communication (a chat for example) you have very primitave glyphs you can use to make friends with other animals.-Its a very realaxing game. there is no main goal, no stress , no push to be perfect at it, and most importaintly it is very easy to get into.-There are tons of pieces to collect on you own, but if you want to get more animals to play as, you need to join up with       other animals across the map. so it basically pushes players to create ragtag herds of animals :)-THE SOUNDTRACK IS AWESOME. BUY IT NOW. (or not if you dont want to) but really, the soundtrack is really good.Cons:-there arnt many animals you can unlock just by playing. you have the Badger cub, frog, bunny, and goat.-you can unlock these animals by collecting golden pieces (which is easy to do when you have a small herd) but after you get the goat, these golden chips serve no use at all.-there are just as many animals you get through buying other content as there are by playing Meadow.-You may have run into a lynx or a bear cub and wondered how to get these animals. well the Lynx, Lynx cub, Bear cub, and eagle are all aquired by buying/owning other games in the Shelter seiries. for example the Eagle is only useable if you have all the content in the sheltered seiries. Dlc,books,games n' all (which makes the eagle less of an animal and more like a status symbol)-to be honest, there just isnt that much to do in the gameConclusion:To be fair, its very cheap and i think its worth the price tag as it is. just know that there isnt may not be much to it, but it is really fun and relaxing to play :3"
,Recommended,486310,26872414,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Who Dat Boy?,"I do not usually review games but this game has earned one. When I first bough the game it would lag constantly and I had to turn all the settings down. After that I thought to myself that I has wasted my money, until a week later I played it and couldnt get off. The art style that is used for the game is simply amazing and the music is calming and very peaceful."
,Recommended,486310,26878266,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MrGragert,"Meadow is not for everyone, but if it is your kind of game, then it is absolutely mindboggling. Communicating with other animals over emotes sets a kind of limitation on you which makes the game exteremely fun."
,Recommended,486310,26842741,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,silhou,"Simple, relaxing game to play when trying to unwind."
76561197996678091,Recommended,486310,26752579,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Ztreak,"Hard to review this little game.But i like it. Its nice and fun to be in a muliplayer where so many is contact seeking and helpful. Been in the game for under a minute and someone comes along and want to join in on the journey.No chat at all, only some symbols and emotes. But it works :)And its so cheap its almost free.Didnt notice any fps issues. Steady on 40 pfs on my i5 4460 and msi 1060."
76561198341189061,Recommended,486310,26741253,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,happypappy33,I LOVE IT
76561198200896342,Recommended,486310,26638837,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,krig605,I like this game but where is my bear i just completed paws and i didnt get my bear i stayed up all night but Meadow is recommed1: Well if you like Shelter games get this its online and cheap! I love it but i want my bear xD2:You play online no chat which animals dont chat like that they use emotes also body movemet3: IF U LIKE ANIMALS GAMES GET THIS
,Recommended,486310,26806453,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PapaSamu,Es pretty
,Recommended,486310,27067362,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[LiS] Recoil Rick,"I thoroughly enjoyed playing this game, would 100% reccomend, is a very peaceful and relaxing game, with an amazing art style, and very simple in a good way :)"
,Recommended,486310,26918955,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Austin the autist,"Good game to play with friends, also yay only 3 bucks"
76561198071894789,Recommended,486310,26786945,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Uliengue,the most Detoxing online game i can think of. The first hour i had of it is by the far the most fullfiling gaming i had this year.
76561198218322445,Recommended,486310,30891512,Posted: 1 April,all,TheRaptorChicken,"This game is amazing. The art of it is awesome and i cannot wait for more animals to be in the game. Though it gets boring after a while, the next updates liven it up."
,Recommended,486310,26237721,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Szobamoha,"It's nice to have interaction with people without actual talking. Picking flowers with others, collecting crystals together, explore the environment, so peaceful and relaxing. No bullies, no agression and no one wants to try to find out your mother's job. It's just perfect."
,Recommended,486310,26242432,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Schw1ckle,"3 dollars. Wow. So far, this game is amazing. I met some animal friends, we ran around opening obelisks, climbing mountains. The emotes are adorable. I had so much fun just running around with ~12 other people. I think after I unlock everything, the game will lose it's feel. I could be wrong though.Right now: 8.5/10Projected: 7.5/10"
76561197999091348,Recommended,486310,26242524,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Sticks,"The multiplayer interactions turn an otherwise simple collectathon game into something really special. Even after collecting all there is to collect I still want to go back and play some more just to hang out with other players. Only downside is that theres only 3 unlockable animals, but they plan to have content updates in the future so theres something to look forward to.For 3 dollars at release this game is a steal, it almost feels criminal to get the amount of enjoyment I have out of a game thats so cheap."
,Recommended,486310,26242997,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Easily Pro,Better than I thought!
76561198084417676,Recommended,486310,26243118,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Mesa3D developer,"This game is fantastic if you want something pure of heart. The game completely removes all human elements so you are literally the animal and you have to be social just as the animal would in the real world. It is actually quite an indearing concept but requires the right state of mind!Also good Linux port, works well on Fedora 24 !"
76561198218479095,Recommended,486310,26373208,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,lydon,good game!
,Recommended,486310,26533671,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Ludipe,"Meadow is fantastic. Simple but really nice. I play a few minutes everyday, explore the world and try to communicate with other players using sounds and icons. Love it! :-)"
,Recommended,486310,26529953,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Chadice,"Meadow has shown a promising start as being a relaxing MMO. The only communication is via signs, calls, and emotes. Every player I've stumbled across is friendly. There are quite a few bugs to still work out (FPS is wonky mainly), but there are patches almost every other day. Might and Delight is working hard. I can't wait to see how this game progesses in the future. I would definitely recommend trying it out."
,Recommended,486310,26466549,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Kishadi,"EDIT: I made a group. Play with me. Join us.http://steamcommunity.com/groups/AnimalsFromTheMeadow/I absolutely love this game. Two days in and I've already made friends, have taken cool pictures on the top of the ♥♥♥♥ing world, and I'm just. In love. I will def be buying the rest of the games in the series, I only have Shelter 1, in order to unlock the other animals for this game. I've yet to see anyone that isnt just crazy friendly, I've been on mulitple groves that literally 20 people are all running around together gathering♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game is simple, yes, but i cant understand anyone who'd give it a bad review here. I wish i could play with a controller better, that's what i played all the other titles with, but it works perfectly fine with keyboard and mouse once you get used to it. It's a bit laggy at times when theres too many people around, which I'm sure will be improved with time. I love the way you have to communicate with people, it's so much nicer to deal with that speaking to jerks on most others MMOs. Gonna go hop around with a group of Lynx some more, thank you and good night."
76561198075957441,Recommended,486310,26491245,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,The Wolf of Meme Street,"No idea why, but this is a great experience and youre doing nothing wrong with that 3 € price tag"
76561198057175779,Recommended,486310,26501073,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Shi,"This game is just so lovely and soothing. Scurrying around with other animals to pick flowers, find obelisks, find puzzle pieces to unlock skins and emotes and generally just exploring and sticking together. Communication is only through emotes and noises your animal can make (baby badger makes the cutest squeaks while goats scream on the top of their lungs).I'd be playing this all the time if it worked for my partner as well. He can't connect to the server and has tried for hours to fix it. I really hope Might&Delight or the community can offer a solution to this problem soon!"
,Recommended,486310,26522792,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Horse Discourse,"Unbelivably cute and fun!! I've only played for about an hour so far, but I've really enjoyed it/"
76561198081363311,Recommended,486310,26461752,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Kitra,"Meadow is a awesome game and I really recommend it. You get to play as animals such as a Lynx, Lynx Cub, Bird/Eagle, Bear Cub, Goat, Bunny, Honey Badger and Honey Badger Cub. you start off as the Honey Badger (Cub) if you don't have Shelter, Shelter 2 or Paws. You have to unlock all the animals. To get the Lynx if you have Shelter 2. You get the Honey Badger if you have Shelter. To get the Bear Cub you need to have all the games.For the Bird, you need to have all the games + the Cadalogues.Lynx Cub is for Paws. The rest you unlock on the way.Si eres Espanol, consulta este texto en Google, Ingles a Espanol.(That is a message to all spanish players).Ty!THERE IS A FROG THAT IS UNLOCKABLE AFTER THE BADGER CUB......... SORRY FOR NOT ADDING THAT :P . New animal: Fox. Unlockable after the goatPeace Outtttt....-Jtyndale"
76561198127286164,Recommended,486310,28321493,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,DaftElectra,"I totally love it. It’s an open world game and you spend the whole time exploring, traveling and some general looking around at the pretty scenery.  It’s enormous and beautiful and diverse in terrain. And when you’re not running (or walking, or swimming or flying) everywhere, you’re looking for the goodies: gems/flowers/twigs/etc. These add up for essence points which you are immediately motivated to get to become another animal. The play is simple enough and as a multiplayer game, you literally just run around with each other looking for collectibles. As a multiplayer, there’s really not much to it, but it definitely improves the fun value. It’s cute, funny and relaxing when you need it to be. It’s a great, clean game, passes the time and a good option for kids. I’d love to see more animals added to the game soon, such a wolves, raccoons, squirrels, etc."
76561198253440450,Recommended,486310,28346790,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Twxxk,"Meadow is an interesting, relaxing and overall fun game to play. If you like open world games with a beautiful landscape then this is for you! I haven't played much of it as of yet and I'm planning to play more in the future. I recomment this!"
,Recommended,486310,28343201,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,JägerYeen,really do enjoy this game x3 so relaxing and its so easy to just get lost and makes you forget about all your problems. seriously is worth playing
,Recommended,486310,28417097,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Mezzidrel,"Simple, beautiful, relaxing and addicting!I needed to kill some time and wanted to play a relaxing explorative game.. I saw the reasonable price and bought it. Played way more than I thought I would!Spawned in as an adorable badger cub, next to another badger cub. Realized I couldn't type anything, so I clicked on a little emote to wave at them. They waved back. We ran around together for a while squeaking and jumping around. It was absurdly adorable. But what were we supposed to be doing? I found out, when a frog found us, and led us to some stone pillar puzzle pieces. By the end of my first journey, we had a group with foxes, lynx, bear cub, bunny, and goats, all running around together seeking out the pillars to unlock new emotes/skins/animals.The fact you can't type to one another makes the game really interesting, you have to get creative and communicate through squeaks/animal sounds, symbols and emotes. This helps the community to maintain a sense of camaraderie and friendliness, and also makes the game extremely child friendly.The one drawback is the artistic patterns of the game can do a real number on the eyes. (Although I also like the artistic aspect, it helps in the tranquility and uniqueness of the game!) It can sometimes make it hard to see your group members or discern what you're looking at."
76561198334800446,Recommended,486310,28413650,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Cinder,A wonderful game! Very kid friendly as there is no chat system! Beautifulgraphics and fun to play with friends! I highly recomend this game!
76561198079985770,Recommended,486310,28406983,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Eutoka,"I absolutely love this game. Actually, ever since the first Shelter game, I have been in love with the series. This isn't my first time playing such a game (there were one or two other mmos with similar things) but I believe Might and Delight pulled it off in a way that the others didn't. I am not usually one for MMOs but this is definitely the exception. Though no words can be spoken, I have met many new friends on this game. Now, as many other reviews say: don't come here looking for a survival game. This is not that. It is exactly what the studio says, a forum in game's clothing.I’ve always loved the patchwork quilt style of textures and the more geometric, stylized animals. It was a breath of fresh air for me. And I can also say for certain, these games always strike an emotional cord for me in their simplicity and ability to make me care about the characters: be they the kits or pups, or other players on the MMO.I only really have a couple of complaints myself. I recently bought the rest of the DLC I didn’t own in order to get the eagle. I love flying around but I really, really, really dislike that there are no other skins unless you reach the top 10. I don’t expect anything fancy but a few would be nice (especially considering I spent more just to have the eagle to fly). Even more than that though is that there is only one emote. I cannot communicate effectively with other players with that even when considering body language. The eagle lacks in almost all areas that the other animals don’t. I really do hope that they update that. I would at least love to have basic emojis and directional ones. Still, flying around is fun.I would definitely recommend this game to others. It's fun getting in a large group to explore- especially when no one is left behind."
76561198018591509,Recommended,486310,28059663,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,CookieWizard,"If you like Paws, Shelter or Shelter 2, you'll probably like this one too.There's a variety of animals to play as (after you've run around as a badger cub and collected enough sparkly stuff to unlock new animals or have one of the devs' previous games), though I'd love to see more, like a fox or an adult bear from Shelter 2. And I never say no to more skin options, but the game does already have at least 6 different skins for each animal.The map is quite big and has lots of different areas to explore, from snowy forests to huge caverns.Communication with other people happens via over a dozen different emotes and icons. And screaming and jumping, of course. The emotes are adorable, and it always makes me smile when one person makes the winky face and suddenly everyone is winking at everyone. It's great.One thing I think is an issue is that when there's a huge group of people running around in search of the runes/obelisks, the slower animals like badgers have to struggle to keep up with the rest of the group unless the faster ones stop every once in a while and let them catch up. Which doesn't always happen. And then by the time the tail of the group reaches the rune/obelisk, it's already broken and they don't get anything from it. Which sucks.Also it'd be helpful if you could see the icons/emotes from people behind you/around you, even if you don't see the player. Occasionally someone spots something from the middle of the moving group, but have no way of getting the group's leads' attention until they stop. If they stop.So all in all, Meadow is a very enjoyable game if you like running around as a cute animal with other people. The visual style is as pretty as in Shelters/Paws and there's a lot of places to explore. What I'd like the game to have is a bit more variety with the animals and maybe some way to keep a group together/communicate better within a group."
76561198335882601,Recommended,486310,27997320,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DoodleMcNoodle,"After getting the goat It wouldnt let me get another animal. Is it supposed to do this? Its still a great game even though I only have badger cub, rabbit, frog, and goat"
76561198294195335,Recommended,486310,28171440,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,ღpiper_ponyღ,"This game is AMAZING! I have a fox, lylx, lynx cub, and more. I also want a brid but I am getting that on my b-day, witch is up coming. If I could rate this (Can I?) I would rate 5 stars and more, I recomond everyone play this amazing game!"
76561198258188848,Recommended,486310,28149608,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Chap0saurus77,"First day in game, i'm a badger cub.  I find a huge pack of all sorts of animals, we run through the woods for a few minutes collecting ""essence"".  After  a while, I collect enough to become a frog.  So I respawn, and after some wandering i run into a badger cub and another huge group.  The group runs off without me and the badger, so we got lost.  After a while, me and my badger friend decide to explore a little bit.  We end up wandering through a MASSIVE cave, an amazing looking forest, and we end up climbing a mountain just because.  After climbing for a while, we finally reach the summit.  After several screenshots and happy emotes, we decide to jump off.  That was my mistake.  I ended up falling off the map which resulted in me losing my badger friend.  After wandering around the spawn point, I figured i'm not going to find them.  So I move on, and I end up getting lost in a different cave filled with giant glowy crystals, getting lost with several other small critters, and leaping off waterfalls.  I've only played 7 hours of this game, and i've had one of the best gaming experiences of my life.  I don't know who you are mystery badger, but i hope we'll meet again.  10/10 would frolic again."
76561198160262644,Recommended,486310,28156395,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,PotatoeCreed. | Gift-Drop.com,"This game is very nice and relaxing . Just buy it,it need some work and to add heal bar,water bar and food bar and to make attack and you can to choose when yo meet an new player(animal) attack or friendly . New animals was good if they add some."
,Recommended,486310,28156491,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,WombleBee,"I am a big fan of the shelter series and I was indeed worried that this game would not be as interesting. However even without the survival element this game is a joy to play, but for other reasons. This game offers a more casual gameplay and goals."
,Recommended,486310,28192199,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Horsie,Cute and very entertaining.  Its a lot like a roguelike in that figuring out how to play it is part of the fun.
,Recommended,486310,28234061,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,nimbyest,"Really chill game, don't know if the eagle is an AI or not. Spent the first one hour frolicking around with a group of randos while we communicated only in emotes and images."
,Recommended,486310,28231602,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Steak Boy,Three foxes and a frog waited for me for ten minutes on the top of a mountain until I finally managed to hop my stubby little badger legs all the way up.9/10 learned the true meaning of friendship
76561198277430789,Recommended,486310,28215317,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,luvrainluv,"Absolutely wonderful! Meadow is both therapeutic and entertaining. Also VERY adorable! Easy to make friends or form a ""pack"", which is actually necessary to unlock essence in a timely manner. This is a very casual and simplistic game that I would mainily reccomend for those that have played the past Shelter games, as about half of the animals are unlocked with ownership of the other games-which are all absolutely amazing as well!I give this game 8/10 because while highly enjoyable, there's always potentil for more! I'm excited to watch as this game developes further"
76561198079369064,Recommended,486310,28084496,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Lone Marine,"Wow, where do I start? The unique texturing, the calming music, a sense of progression... and hands down the best game community you can find. Seriously, no team-killing, rage inducing players, and better yet... no kidsendlessly screechinginto their mic."
76561198156153501,Recommended,486310,28066222,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Salvatore Testa,Sad there was no one :(
,Recommended,486310,28085758,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Aurora,"Personally I love this game! There is only one issue I would love to get fixed. Usually to break obelisks open you need to ""talk"" which is basically making the animal noise. I always run into the issue of when I press the button it doesn't work. I have to press maps to speak or go out of the game and reset it. Other then that the graphics are fantastic and I love the animals and the different furs you can unlock."
76561198324037965,Recommended,486310,30533283,Posted: 15 March,all,thatF1uffyBunny,"This game is awesome! So relaxing and friendship oriented, where you can make friends as soon as you meet them! Be a leader, a follower, a loner, or a view-finder, you will certainly enjoy this game, especially if you're an animal-lover. <3 I can't express my absolute love for this game. And any complaints are quickly fixed, usually in the next update.A few complaints though....every time I uninstall the game, or log out of my account in Steam, I have to start all over from the baby badger again, and my collection and essence are completely reset!!! This is seriously annoying because one of my favorites is the fox and I have to redo all my hard work just to get it back!!!!!! :/ PLEASE FIX THIS!!!!!!!!!!Oh, and a suggestion....a hunting/survival instance where players can enjoy a bit of excitement ;). Also, a setting to turn down the animal noises while keeping sound effects at a different setting so that we're not deafened by those click-happy ones who like to enjoy themselves make noise would be a nice addition XD."
,Recommended,486310,30578578,Posted: 17 March,all,Chapel,"Hell yeah when you get in and your like ""WHAT IS GOING ON"" and everyone uses the obelisk emote and your like wtf and then you play for an hour and you know the world by heart and you meet an eagle and your like I WANT TO BE THE EAGLE its the best thing ever."
76561198307710639,Recommended,486310,30495433,Posted: 13 March,all,Slyce,its a great game i just want to know ow i can switch skins on the spot
,Recommended,486310,29281537,Posted: 15 January,all,Gin,"Absolutely lovely experience. There isn't any other one quite like this. Each bond you make and the adventures you take feel special. Relaxing and pleasing to look at, the world is big and beautiful. Been playing it for a long time and I still find new things, with myself or with my friends. New aquantences feel friendly and welcoming, even as groups come and go. The world can only expand from here. Thank you, Might and Delight!"
,Recommended,486310,29301382,Posted: 16 January,all,Hatsune Mike,Basically its an emoji simulator where you gotta emoji other players to get them to bark at rocks with you until they explode.p cool social experiment tbh
76561198087233905,Recommended,486310,29301811,Posted: 16 January,all,Lux,"- Pros -Cute animals to play as.Running around with other players just for fun, or to collect items with.Beautiful scenery.Game occasionaly updates, giving new animals, new skins, or new actions.No chat box, meaning you don't have to listen to cranky little kids run their mouth.  You only communicate with emotes.Massive map that holds several biomes for players to explore.  Ranging from snow forests, regular forests, wide fields, caves, fall forests, and a creepy foggy place.  There may be more places to go in the future.- Cons -People who leave begginer players behind.  You're forced to start off as the slowest animals, so unless you have actual freinds with you, progressing into other animals can be a chore.Not a lot to do once you've gotten everything.  After you've earned all there is to earn, it's basically just a roaming simulator, or a chill with your buddies simulator.  Not all too entertaining once you know the map.No real goal.  Again, once you've aquired everything, there's really nothing left for you to do other than wait for the next update.  There are no missions given to you, or special activities you can do to pass the time.  Your animal is given a couple actions, but thats about it.  This is probably the only serious flaw the game has, because once people have everything, they'll start to get bored.   I believe that more variaty is needed if the game is to stay alive."
,Recommended,486310,29401054,Posted: 21 January,all,juice,"the moment i started meadow i immediately found a bunch of other people to walk around with. spent almost 2 hours running around with them!! it was very fun!unlocked nearly 3 animals, a couple of skins and a bunch of emotes. worth it!"
,Recommended,486310,29399526,Posted: 21 January,all,Scribble,This game is sooo pretty and i love the music i got into a group and we found alot of flowers i love the flowers :3 ill give ya 3 things to why you should buy this game. 1:If ya love animals you get to play as one!. 2:It looks great and its calming. 3:The music. Over all the things in the game its a great game to play!
,Recommended,486310,29392531,Posted: 21 January,all,Jamiekysn,This game is very simple and very addictive. It's just fun to run arund in and collect things. A good time passer.
76561198353072496,Recommended,486310,29386560,Posted: 20 January,all,陌上玄月,悠闲娱乐，非常不错😄
,Recommended,486310,29436861,Posted: 22 January,all,Lieutenant Lesaro,"Had a bad day at work or school? Feel like playing a game but don't want to deal with the stress of possibly dying or having to survive? This game is perfect.You basically start off as a badger cub, and you need to collect fragments to unlocks new things such as skins, emotes and even other animals. You can find them by yourself, or team up with others to destroy obelisks.The music and ambience in this game is beautiful and very relaxing. It's like you're actually in a forest, as well as accurate calls for each of the different animals.The fun part of this game is the subtle competition. You must collect fragments and essence (flowers) to unlock things, but also to be top of the leaderboard. There is a reward for making it onto the leaderboard... which I think makes this game even more fun as well as relaxing and casual.Basically, I definitely reccomend this game. I believe there is a lot more content to be added in future including new animals to play as."
76561197971458548,Recommended,486310,29149299,Posted: 9 January,all,pRabbit,"I don't really dig the rather bland and convoluted art style, though I understand its necessity (or rather the necessity of the direction it is going into) to make the game work: visual clues are nothing that would function in Meadow's world, since they would take a lot of the fascination away this game brings.There's no chat window, there's no voice chat, there's no names, but only avatars communicating with basic emotes. Players gather pretty much automatically, since Meadow does a tremendous job to make you feel alone when you're ""not running with the pack"". The goal? Gather resources to unlock new emotes and animals for you to play. But rather: there's no goal, just have fun while doing so.Meadow is a calming and, dare I say so, meditative experience. You don't know who you're playing with and that's probably the biggest feat of it: there are no artifical borders that could intervene with the experience of just playing together.(Pretty please, devs ... fix those god awful rag rug graphics for Meadow 2 though ...)"
76561197986718736,Recommended,486310,29130347,Posted: 8 January,all,Myoglobin 5.0,"Leafy's simple review - #22Meadow is so simple, calming and peaceful, it hurts! However, this is a very different type of game that seeks to elevate the casual experience. Not much happens as you take the role of a little woodland creature, interacting with others you might come across in the virtual space of a vegetated world. I'd recommend this if you are looking to chill on your own or are looking for a cheap, 'silent', abstract experience."
,Recommended,486310,29173462,Posted: 10 January,all,Gray Phox,"Meadow is very soothing to play. I was wary at first because I had read a review that complained that you need the help of others to unlock other animals, but let me tell you. That will not be a problem.People are very instinctively cooperative in Meadow. Other animals will group up and go adventuring together for hours. And if you're alone, you can bring up a sort of radar that will let you know which way to walk to find other critters.The emote system for communication is simple yet effective. Also the individual animals have cute art.It's worth the price, for sure."
76561198335510230,Recommended,486310,29065681,Posted: 6 January,all,fireflye97,"I absolutely love this game! It's so beautiful and I love all the exploration involved! My favorite animals to play so far are the Rabbit, Fox, and Lynx! I can't wait to see more in the future!"
,Recommended,486310,30026436,Posted: 18 February,all,Toxicscorpion,This game restores your faith in humanity.... I don't know what more i need to say for you to get this game !9/10 ( Would rate it 10/10 if there are more people playing this game ) :)
76561198283210684,Recommended,486310,29659414,Posted: 2 February,all,CrazyCatlady,"Absolutly stunning. The art is beautiful with the need to explore. The animals make the cutest sounds! Overall, this game is just breath-taking."
,Recommended,486310,29757731,Posted: 7 February,all,Calico,"Meadow is so difficult to describe, but it's absolutely wonderful!The gameplay itself is sparse. There's no survival mechanics, hunting, NPCs, quests, or even chat... nothing like that, but that's what makes it special. It's about the joy of exploration and discovery, finding other little animals and just jumping up and down, winking and smiling and waving at each other for three minutes straight. Climbing the tallest mountain just to sit together for awhile before jumping off. Swimming through a waterfall and finding a vast hidden cave.It's a magical experience, and if you visit the forums here you'll be able to get a sense of what I'm talking about.I really recommend Meadow to anyone who is looking for a relaxing experince being an animal with animal friends.(One thing I'll note, it doesn't support controllers natively because of the amount of buttons there are, but I've posted a thread in the forums with instructions on how to set up a X360 gamepad, if you're inclined to go that route!)"
,Recommended,486310,29728454,Posted: 5 February,all,Wolfshine Sharpclaw,So i got this from my awesome friend/sis she dint wanna tell me what it was about and such so i dont judge it. when i got in the game and started exploring and such i imidatly loved it. is not like any other game. there is no chat there is no combat this is all about Exploring and Colleting items and unlocking other stuff like skin emotes etc. your main sorce of comunications are emotes and actions. I love this game and i always perfer mostly combat or other thing but this game is relaxing and very well made.  I love it and i recomend it to those who wanna get away from the usual stuff and want to relax and explore as diferent animals.
76561198355447182,Recommended,486310,29678749,Posted: 3 February,all,Ethereal,"the music... Omg the music. Its soo soothing, Such a good game!! Its so...  entertaining! All it needs to do is add more animals to unlock. Its the most addictive game for me lol"
,Recommended,486310,28994287,Posted: 3 January,all,GumTape,"What more can I say? I really enjoy playing this game. You get thrown into this world, and what I did was find other people how were playing the same server as I am (Based on region). It not hard and very relaxing. It is not a survival game but it is worth the cheap cost. I love it!"
,Recommended,486310,28838451,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Gama [Zuperbuu],"It's okay and stylised, but I have no idea what is going on."
,Recommended,486310,26365773,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Yell0wPeril,"<3 soothing screensaver like MMO experience. The actions are limited but sometimes thats all I'm looking for.If you enjoy running around nature alongside other crittiers, exploring simple puzzles and unlocking different fur patterns and colours. I'd highly recommend this. My only sorrow is that, this is not underwater and I do not get to play as a humpback whale.If you're looking to pew pew pew more dots more dots. Then maybe not."
,Recommended,486310,29106964,Posted: 7 January,all,mjegs,"Cute animal walking simulator 2016. Great for booting up to relax. It's impossible to be angry after  playing this game because baby badgers and lynxes are jumping and making smiley emoticons on your screen. For 3$, it's definitely worth picking up!"
,Recommended,486310,29051995,Posted: 5 January,all,The Chaffin,"I had a lot more fun than I thought I would!Was running around with a fox and a lynx for probably over an hour, just wandering into nothing!Really weird feeling but a really great game for such a low price! :)"
,Recommended,486310,29072040,Posted: 6 January,all,GrimWulf,A+ game that stays true to the style of previous Shelter games. can't wait to see where it goes in the future.
76561198131913224,Recommended,486310,28811096,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Enelya753,"Not long after I first entered the game I came across a fellow badger which I made friends with. We spent the next two and a half hours together, never leaving each other's side. We were recieving skins and collectables at the exact same time and explored a huge, mysterious purple cave and vast forests. We even used certain ""emotes"" to identify each other with if we got caught up with some other badgers that looked similar.At one point, we were laughing as we looked over the edge of the world. They fell in by accident - I was sure they were dead - I was devastated (and I definitely didn't begin to tear up...) However, I was so relieved when they then respawned next to me!The two of us made some other friends along the way too, like another badger and a fox. At one point we lost the other badger and tried to call for them for ages, but with no luck :(I bonded pretty well with this friend of mine, despite knowing nothing about them, and not even speaking to them. It was such a unique and wonderful experience. Sadly, they had to leave. If I had known then that I could look at their Steam username and add them I would have done so in a heartbeat!I didn't know what to expect with this game, but I'm really glad I decided to buy it. It's very simple, and I loved meeting and making friends with other players. The camera can be a bit awkward and takes a while to get used to, but I would definitely recommend this game. It's very good for killing time in a relaxing and positively social way.P.S. Badger friend, if you're reading this, thank you for making my experience a really great one! It was really fun to play with you :)"
76561198297760239,Recommended,486310,28828755,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Amethyst,"This game is super relaxing and fun and I've played it for hours. I really recommend this game for shy people or even people with social anxiety which I have both, they're hard to get through and this can help at least a bit, the art style is really calming and beautiful as well as the scenery. Has to be one of my favorite games so far."
76561198076340252,Recommended,486310,28770649,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ksmathers,"Meet and play with people from around the world in a massively multiplayer game where only cooperation is needed to gradually accumulate all of the player skins, emotes and actions that the game has to offer."
,Recommended,486310,28844978,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,BioticGrenade,"Such a relaxing game. I love the Shelter titles, but this one is by far my favorite. Communication in Meadow is very unique, and it reminds me of The Endless Forest when I had played that a couple years ago. I like the fact that there is no chat, and emotes are the only way to communitcate and find your way through the world with other players. The first thing I usually do is find a group of players, who are most likely out finding fragments to unlock animals/emotes/skins. Even scaling mountains or high places on the map can give you an amazing view and is so relaxing to just sit and watch."
,Recommended,486310,29023387,Posted: 4 January,all,Trudyz,"Run wild with this relaxing free roam beautiful game~Meadow is one of the more beautiful games I've played and honestly I could get lost in its environment if I didn't get left behind from my group that is...Meadow brings a new way to play ranging from playing solo to being in a huge group, myself have found myself up to about twenty I think? It's a fun mechanic to not have to worry about typing to the people you're playing with solely relying on your emotions your given from the get go, but if those aren't enough for you don't worry keep working hard with your new found pack and unlock more really cute faces to pull at your friends!!I really enough playing through all of the terrain and do get lost sometimes but someone ends up finding me in the end (thanks for that if that's you) the people who play this game are awfully nice and friendly to all new comments I haven't found someone yet who's been mean to me. I love collecting and this game fulfills all those desires there's flowers and faces, skins and even new animals all of which come with their own achievements (hehe even more to collect) its a ton of fun if you want to spend your time relaxing and gathering without any worry for danger or jumpscares a great way to unwind~Running with rabbits or swim with the frogs maybe roar like an eagle there's an animal for all and more to come with upcoming updates, fingers crossed you can play as your favourite animal too!Good price for a beautiful chilled out game, you won't regret the time you spend with your furry, friends~"
,Recommended,486310,29002050,Posted: 4 January,all,[Police] [GF] XxShadowxX,"Wonderful, thriving, mmorpg for Shelter fans.Good job!Yet, I feel we should be able to teleport. When getting seperated from a large group, it's not really easy to get back to them, say when your internet dies, or you've just logged on, and the nearest group takes about 10-20mins to reach.Something like fast travel locations, not like a home.Like, click on a certain area of the map, and tp there."
76561198272362724,Recommended,486310,28990970,Posted: 3 January,all,Caramc1011,"I do recommend this game for people who aren't looking for a kill or be killed game that is sorta like shelter and the other games like those. I do have a couple complaints though. Before Me and my friend got the game, I had no idea you couldn't have the bunny, frog, goat, or fox until you got the gold cyrstal things. My friend was NOT HAPPY WHAT SO EVER becasue she really wanted the bunny but she only had the badger cub (because we just started the game and my friend had no other games like this). I will recommend this game for people who have the entire shelter game collection. If you don't have these games and are hopping for the bunny, frog, goat, or fox, DON'T GET IT IF YOU DON'T WANT TO WORK FOR A MILLION (It feels like a million) HOURS STRAIGHT.  I hope this is helpful!"
76561198360062579,Recommended,486310,29812081,Posted: 9 February,all,Lanewils1,"I really need help! Okay, can it not play on an Apple device? I have an Apple computer and my screen has small black rings, sound and nothing more."
,Recommended,486310,29810133,Posted: 9 February,all,grey_zafara,Easy to play both by yourself or with a group. Very charming atmosphere and enjoyable soundtrack.
76561198058256810,Recommended,486310,28675427,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Nessa,"Cute, relaxing and oddly fun game!Well worth the little money ive put into it. Im planning on playing it a lot.Better graphics and reduced lag would make it AMAZING."
76561198139613839,Recommended,486310,28676339,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Noelle,"If you're into slow paced, relaxing multiplayer games, this is without doubt something you'll love. You're able to forget your troubles and emerge in a totally different world. The game provides hours of fun, and is very playable even if you've uncovered all the skins and whatsoever. After that it might lose a bit of its purpose, though, but still fun to play. The way of communication in this game is just adorable, and you are able to make friends with simple emotes.I highly recommend this game.~"
,Recommended,486310,28679257,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Commodore Yvela,"Meadow is a brilliant game that reminds me of the beauty of nature and the importance of teamwork. It's a great game to play if you're feeling bad or down and it is very calming yet exciting, I was unware a product could have both of these attributes until I played Meadow. The best thing about this game is the lack of the chat. I don't have to worry about seeing racial slurs or language in this game, it's very nice. Another plus with the lack of chat is that all players can be understood even if they don't all speak the same language. I only wish there were emotions and I have a feeling there will be more eventually. I know I'm going all over the place here but before I rap this up I would like to mention the closeness you feel when joining a group and how easy it is to make friends! The community is also great and helpful!There is one issue you may come into contact with when attempting to play this game. It will sometimes reject computers due to an unknown issue."
,Recommended,486310,28632678,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,RafLunarWinter,10/10
76561198083175190,Recommended,486310,28613044,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Night Jiggler,Bought on a whim because of the cheap price and The Endless Forest vibes. I've had a great time grouping up for collectible hunts and enjoying the scenery and music. Very glad to see it is actively developing and updating content as well.
,Recommended,486310,29856633,Posted: 11 February,all,Latko,Great game.I recommend it to everyone!
,Recommended,486310,29639354,Posted: 1 February,all,HalfPrime,"This game is very relaxing. It's really fun running around and communicating with visual commands and emotes. The abstract color scenes of the landscape and the ambient SFX are very nice as well.Go on youtube and find anyhting like ""Forest and Nature Sounds 10 Hours"" and play it while playing this game. :)"
,Recommended,486310,31109745,Posted: 12 April,all,Teep,Just a calm heart warming game.
,Recommended,486310,31202194,Posted: 17 April,all,Kimberly,"Fun interactive multiplayer game where you get to play and unlock various animals / skins. Unique artistic visuals, similar to the Shelter games."
76561197993046768,Recommended,486310,29408486,Posted: 21 January,all,DJP,Awesome game with a lot of fun to it But one thing is how do I change animals? (Update:Found out how to change the animals :D)
,Recommended,486310,30172209,Posted: 25 February,all,jazzman rivers,"I love this game, so relaxing. You run around with other animals, exploring the environment and collecting plants, making little animal friends; it's awesome."
,Recommended,486310,29989531,Posted: 17 February,all,Snowtoes,"After playing the game a bit more, I decided to go through and re-write my review towards this game.I still recommend this game, but after logging almost 60 hours into the game as of now, I definitely would recommend it more than I originally thought with the first review. Meadow is a really pretty and fun to play little game where you can get in and have fun with friends as the viariety of animals it gives you to play as. Not much to do besides have a nice time enjoying the music, sights, collecting, and interaction without chat. Even though that, this is probably one of my favourite games ever as of now.Depending on if you've bought the other Shelter products, you may start out with just a small badger cubm with no clue what to do or where to go. When I first played, I was a tiny lynx kitten, and I sorta just roamed around in the darkness until I met a friendly rabbit who led me to a bunch of flowers, crystals, and obesliks. They taught me what to do in the game, simply by using emoticons with different pictures on each. That run with the rabbit really sold it for me with this game, because the fact a rabbit managed to teach me how to play the game, from somewhere else in the world from me, with only pictures and emotions, was really impressive. I started to love how everything just fell into place, without the need of words at all.Now, here I am, with almost all achievments, playing everyday, and almost 60 whole hours put into playing Meadow. Trust me, this game is an amazing experiance. You go around collecting flowers, crystals, breaking mysterious stones, explore the huge open world, and make mulitple friend along the way. There's dozens of skins and emoticons to unlock, and a big map to go explore and have fun in, as well as tons of groups and animals to go join and befriend. The music is wonderful and I love to listen to it, the sightings and scenery are beautiful to simply stand and look around in, (seriously, how awesome is it to be a fox sitting under the northen lights on top of a snowy mountains?) and the sound effects really put it all together wonderfully!If you love slow-paced, beautiful sight-seeing, ""walking simulator"" type games, then Meadow would be perfect for you. Regardless, it's only $3, and it has a lot to see and do for such a small price. I would recommend Meadow to anyone who would seem to like it, and I definitely think that if you're thinking about buying it that you should. It's a briliant experiance to have! :)"
76561198309057743,Recommended,486310,30171569,Posted: 25 February,all,Shirik,игра норм
,Recommended,486310,30206581,Posted: 26 February,all,Rhizic,"There was (is) a game where you play a deer with a human face called Eternal Forest that did this a few years back with lush graphics and much more ""etheric"" atmosphere... However this game adds much more whimsy, options and animals to play with with it's own unique feel. It's not for everyone but take a moments away from bombing Berlin and have a chill."
,Recommended,486310,26463334,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Levfo,"New Review: It is a great game! I get great FPS now, and I've had so much fun. It is much easier to make friends when there is no chat, lol! I would definitely recommend this game if you are looking for something relaxing and enjoyable.Old Review: I really want to love this game, and I really love the concept, but I get absolutely horrible FPS on this game, basically unplayable. Even with the graphics on low, and at a 460x800 res. I run other games, with much higher graphics, with great FPS, so it is not a problem with my PC."
,Recommended,486310,26291365,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,lunar durkin trico lover666,please help i cant stop it from laging and i have a amazing laptop i got rid of so much and it still wont work i wont recomend untill this is thixt edit: ok the only way it dosnt lag if its ubleast under 20 and you join with 10 or less peoplw so it is a amazing game but still please thix the lag on servers over 20
76561198182416830,Recommended,486310,30248758,Posted: 28 February,all,Pengu (Dawncreek),"I dont even know where to start to explain the beauty of the visuals, the amience and how friendly the community is. Sure, there's the odd unGOATful playerbut for the most part, everyone is welcoming. No chat, no insecurities, no hate"
,Recommended,486310,26411393,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,10th,Save $40 by jumping off edge of the world and gaining temporary flight into The Void. 12/10 recommend.
76561198000326446,Recommended,486310,27526931,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,thalweg,It's more of an experience then a game. Easily worth the price.
,Recommended,486310,32994592,Posted: 29 June,all,Yeqaroni,"-Run around with a group of people-Have an amazing adventure and see a lot of cool biomes, explore caves, climb mountains and massive trees.-Collect puzzle pieces/shards to unlock new animals, emotes and skins-Make new friends whom you'll never see again for the rest of your life-Collect flowers and stuff to get essence, which will unlock new actions (sit, create home)-Peaceful and wholesome game with one of the friendliest communities I've ever seen-Great soundtracks!Amazing game. I rate 10/10."
76561198077504233,Recommended,486310,32995378,Posted: 29 June,all,Secret_opossum,"A wonderful and relaxing game. It is amazing how fun it is to meet up with a random group of animals and have an adventure around the game trying to find crystals and flowers without even needing to talk to eachother. I highly recomend this game, one of the most adorable and relaxing games I have played in a very long time."
,Recommended,486310,28739002,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Lhinnthel,"This is such a charming and sweet game! Met a lynx cub and ran around for hours just playing, collecting, meeting other animals and enjoying the views. I am looking forward to many enjoyable and relaxing hours with this one! I love that it is truly stress free. It really is heartbreaking when you have to wave goodbye to new friends, though!"
76561198080277461,Recommended,486310,28722447,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Coronium,"Meadow is a beautiful game that just lets you kick back and enjoy the surroundings. The music is relaxing, people are pretty friendly, and It just kind of sucks you in. Hanging out with people and just communicating with little symbols is really fun, as there is no real way to be rude or unkind. I'd give it a 10/10 It's a great game!"
76561198135281321,Recommended,486310,29138626,Posted: 9 January,all,Luikana,"Lovely experience, It's really fun trying to collect all of the species and skins, plus the landscapes are lovely to run through.Upon my first night I was wandering around a bit until I found a large group of over 10 animals all following a goat that was leading them to stone puzzles. I was so impressed with how quickly he could find them! I ran with them, and we traveled through woods, crossed rivers and climbed mountains, even jumped off of a few. We got so much loot and every so often the goat would stop and lay down so we could all catch up to him. He was so sweet and friendly, kept making smiley faces and leaving snowy cloud emotes by the flowers you could collect so they were easier to find. It really felt like he was looking out for us all. <3At the end of our journey he laid down again, smiled and waved goodbye and then disappeared. All the animals that had been following along started sharing their crying emotes. It was a touching moment.______I really love this game, although, I can't help but wish for a few things.+More animations, especially species-specific ones like the lynx can lick to groom other animals and also I'd like to see the goats knock heads with each other.+Emotes of the animal symbols. That way when I see a stone that requires a bear cub I can specifically ask bear cubs to follow me.+Mini games, such as tag or capture the flag. People are mentioning a survival mode would be fun, but with different species it would be imbalanced as no one would want to play as a prey animal. I think if survival mode was restricted to only members of the same species against NPCs it would be fun. You and some strangers look out for each other and then make babies and raise them together. That sounds fun <3______Also the one major drawback I have with this game is that when the game disconnects and goes offline it automatically starts shutting the game down and it takes a long time. I wish you had the option of waiting for it to connect back to the server so I didn't have to keep shutting down and reloading my game. It's very time consuming and made me very frustrated because it kept happening repeatedly and I was considering putting in a request for a refund because I was having such a bad time with it."
,Recommended,486310,29175890,Posted: 10 January,all,JQAM,"This game is hella cool but like all online indie co-op games (who's your daddy, cries) the majority of the game's fun comes from interacting with other players. So when the active player base dies down, there's much less fun to be had. Regardless - this is a very cool game and I love it when I log in and people are there, but there are not always people there."
,Recommended,486310,28430686,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,YellowfangMedic33,"Intresting art choice, calming, and you can spend long hours on it. Love it."
,Recommended,486310,31043076,Posted: 9 April,all,Куролиск,"The game is very wonderful, but it would be very cool with a server on which there is a hunt and needs. But the original servers are also beautiful in their atmosphere. It is remarkable that people from all corners of the world can understand and help each other without words.Игра очень замечательная, но было бы очень круто с сервером на котором есть охота и потребности. Но и оригинальные сервера прекрасны своей атмосферой. Замечательно что люди со всех концов мира могут понимать и помогать друг другу без словLe jeu est très grande, mais il serait très cool sur le serveur sur lequel il y a une chasse et besoins. Mais le serveur d'origine et son atmosphère merveilleuse. Il est remarquable que les gens de partout dans le monde peuvent comprendre et aider les uns les autres sans mots.Das Spiel ist sehr groß, aber es würde an den Server sehr kühl sein, auf das eine Jagd und Bedürfnisse ist. Aber der ursprüngliche Server und seine wunderbare Atmosphäre. Es ist bemerkenswert , dass die Menschen aus der ganzen Welt verstehen und einander ohne Worte helfen können.اللعبة كبيرة جدا، لكنه سيكون باردا جدا إلى الخادم الذي يوجد الصيد والاحتياجات. ولكنالخادم الأصلي وجوها رائع. ومن الجدير بالملاحظة أن الناس من جميع أنحاء العالم أن تفهم ومساعدة بعضهم البعض من دون كلام.这场比赛是非常巨大的，但它会很冷静地，其上有一个狩猎和需求的服务器。但是，原始服务器和其美妙的气氛。值得注意的是，来自世界各地的人都能理解，互相帮助无话。ゲームは非常に素晴らしいですが、それは狩猟やニーズがされているサーバに非常にクールになります。元のサーバーとその素晴らしい雰囲気しかし。世界中から人々が言葉なしでお互いを理解し、助けることができることは注目に値します。"
,Recommended,486310,30055537,Posted: 20 February,all,PiineMarten,"Love this game, so much fun and gorgeous, spend hours playing most days. Very calming visuals and music, the many biomes all look amazing my favourite being the snow.A few things I'd like to see; an emote showing that you are leaving the game. And i would absolutely love to see some sort of mustelid make an appearance as a playable animal, maybe a weasel, stoat/ermine or a marten."
76561198184698413,Recommended,486310,30067042,Posted: 20 February,all,Malachite,"This game is really funny and relaxing, children will love this game but  even adults love it!Too bad you need for some Animals other Shelter Games but it doesnt matter!Its really cheap and the game itself is big and there are enough players to join."
76561198000630132,Recommended,486310,28702529,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ninjaboi8175,"I got this game on a whim and didn't expect much of it. The music and overall atmosphere is calming, with the gameplay itself being very basic and open-ended to an extent. The game does have a fairly clear goal early on: collect as many of the four collectable types as you can to unlock more stuff. This however is only part of the fun, as you'll encounter various groups of people all treasure hunting in each of the landscape's climates. I found myself side-tracking to try to explore every piece of land that I walked on. The world is pretty large, but not massive.Meeting other players and going off on an adventure with a group of sometimes 10+ people you've never met before and can't directly talk to is quite fun. You'll find that you form herds to treasure hunt with players that have different animals, skins, and personalities. The game doesn't have a VOIP or text chat system and relies on sounds, animations and symbols to relay information in groups. If you're a fan of Journey or other similar titles, this is easily a plus.I will admit that the game can also be lacking in content. There are things to do in the game besides collecting objects and interacting with players, but the world still feels a bit empty and there are no major events taking place aside from the weather changes. The developers appear to be actively pushing the game into other fronts like adding more role play elements to the game, but as of right night you'll almost certainly spent 90% of your gameplay collecting and herding.If you feel that a non-combat related multiplayer title that gives the feel of games like Journey in terms of player interaction, this will likely be the game for you. You'll be happy with what you get right now, and the possibility of further content to expand upon this game's premise only makes it easier to recommend. If you're not into slower, exploration-based games that rely much more on getting enjoyment out of collecting, exploring, and interacting with players in a minimalistic way, this might not be for you.If there's one thing I'd like to see in the game's future, it's environments even more filled with things to do as you're traveling with a herd collecting stuff. Maybe a few wilderness puzzles ( pillars don't count ) to stumble upon, or events like building snow animals in the snow biome. The puff balls you can play with and mushrooms you can stomp on are good starts, but very quickly became something I'd just walk past."
,Recommended,486310,28696244,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Melande,"cute, peaceful, strange but addicting. very immersive. when someone leaves pack to go offline, you actually cry."
,Recommended,486310,29101283,Posted: 7 January,all,TreeGiant787,"I think the game is great, but playing through it I found that I have a game-stopping glitch. When I progressed to fox, the puzzle thing for the fox is stuck at the foxs' picture, even when I go to a different animal. If you know how to fix it, please message me."
76561198352922094,Recommended,486310,29203380,Posted: 12 January,all,TiyaGrays,"Highly recommended for relaxation, and especially if you've enjoyed Shelter (1 or 2), it's a peaceful reprive. You can explore beautiful environments through woodland creatures. At first glance it appears simple but unfolds delicate complexity as you continue to play.After 10hrs there were still new places I hadn't found yet, little easter eggs carefully crafted into it. The creators are heavily involved in the forum and they interact well with the group to continue to improve without straying from their original concept."
76561198336172150,Recommended,486310,31194304,Posted: 17 April,all,Magpie,"As someone who is an advocate for animals and animal games, this is perfect! A neat addition to my titles of Might and Delight, as well as something that I can play for a lot of enjoyment.I must say, once you've done all that can be done (i.e collect all skins, animals, emotes and achievements) it may get a little dull for you, and I thought this myself. However, the developers are always adding new things; new places, ways to communicate, animals and new ways to play! And as I've played more and come closer to 'completeion', I've found new things I can do (i.e lead groups, help in the fourms, roleplay and make some cool stories up too).This isn't a game for people who do like that feeling of progression and leveling up; this is more a chilled back game which is releaxing and soothing. From where you look at the game will have different reveiws, but for someone who likes a balence of progressive games and laid back games, this is a great game to have!"
76561198109023756,Recommended,486310,28213318,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,[TiC]Godo,"12/10 Heckin awesome.>Start as badger cub>Run around find friends>Diversity is unreal, but they still cool>We play follow the leader>Bear cub leader of pack>He was nice too>Have problem keeping up>Just small unathletic badger cub>I think thats why they mean when they grow up>Pack starts hike up mountain>Lose friends>Cry>Climb to top of mountain>No one there>Cry>Prove I most athletic animal>Fall off mountain go to den>Come back as frog>Jump higher than anyone>Find nearest pond>Sing the song of my people"
76561198331587019,Recommended,486310,32488767,Posted: 16 June,all,cryptiddies99,"v good game, as the eagle u can fly into the sun (takes a gazillion years 2 get there tho). also v cute and fun to play"
,Recommended,486310,31761783,Posted: 14 May,all,oliviaan456,"I have a problem, I love this game but I was wondering how to unlock the fox, and the deer and stuff. I have bought Shelter 1, Shelter 2, and Paws. Yet the only animals I have are the Mother Lynx, Lynx Cub, Bear Cub, Badger, and Badger Cub. Can someone please help?"
,Recommended,486310,32549954,Posted: 18 June,all,The Shekel Collector 9000,"A brilliant and utterly unique experience. Well worth the money.For those who played any of the Shelter games, think of this as a £2 freeroam DLC for them."
,Recommended,486310,32575550,Posted: 19 June,all,Duckiinator,"I love the Shelter games (even if they wreck my feels), and this is a nice, relaxing version. Whenever you want to play around as an animal in a stress-reducing environment while exploring, this is definitely the game. It is fun searching for the three different puzzle pieces to unlock a new animal, a new emotes, and a new coat color. It is also interesting to try to communicate with others with only the selection on the bottom left portion of the screen. And don't forget...COLLECT ALL THE FLOWERS!"
76561198378743444,Recommended,486310,32567510,Posted: 19 June,all,HAILONG,"There is no conflict between animals, everything is beautiful and natural, let me feel the beautiful world for the first time, very good game!"
76561198083455869,Recommended,486310,32799354,Posted: 25 June,all,Rovaa,Meadow is a very relaxing and interesting game that is very fun with others. You get to run around as an animal and go around collecting flowers and breaking open obelisks with others. The OST is great and reminds me alot of the calmness of Animal Crossings music. Great and Peaceful game that I highly reccommend.
,Recommended,486310,32778800,Posted: 25 June,all,❤ V V ❤,Such a beautiful game. <3
76561198302018973,Recommended,486310,32784236,Posted: 25 June,all,●Cristi,This game calms you
,Recommended,486310,32775106,Posted: 25 June,all,kamokude,"I'm ready to move into the wildnerness to live life as a mountain goat and/or badger.In all seriousness though, I wasn't expecting much from this game besides being something fun to play with my friend for a night. I mean I got it for 2 bucks. It's been 3 days now and I've clocked 14hrs already. The magic behind this game is the lack of chat for communication between groups of people. You tend to partner up with people a lot in the game so, no chat? How could that work. Through the power of waving badger emotes and simple symbols, you are able to transcend language entirely. I played with several Chinese folks the other day and would have never though that I could easily have a coherent conversation with them.All in all, a surprsingly fun game with the original ""Shelter's"" charm."
,Recommended,486310,32740822,Posted: 24 June,all,Pauldamememak3r,My favorite game!
76561198392271856,Recommended,486310,32698768,Posted: 23 June,all,Alenwill,the best  peaceful  game i never have.
,Recommended,486310,32885300,Posted: 27 June,all,Immortal Wombat,A fun and cute experience. Would probably get boring after lots of hours but it's nice while it's new.
,Recommended,486310,32634647,Posted: 21 June,all,ChocolatierGames,"I typically enjoy perusing the new releases of Indie games on Steam, as you never know what you are going to find. I am always on the lookout for promising and affordable concepts, and I definetly found that in Meadow.Meadow is an environmental explorative MMO. Yes, I did say MMO. The game throws you as an animal into a vast world with almost no explanation, and you will work together with others to collect various forms of  ""essence"", unlocking emotes, skins, and completely new animals.SilenceA lot of games explain too much and don't let you discover anything on your own. This isn't always a bad decision but can be a fatal mistake for combat free games. The exploration is accentuated by a lack of communication to your fellow players, this has pros and cons. The lack of communication does a good job of making you feel on your own even though you are working with others. It also adds to the sense of wonder and accomplishment when you discover how something works together. It also feels satisfying when a fellow animal is able to communicate to you how something works, making you feel a sense of bonding with your fellow players. The downside is that this doesn't always mesh well with the gameplay, and I couldn't always communicate what I needed to with the relatively low amount of communication options.the lack of sounds, other than the fantastic music and occasional chirp made by a fuzzy, scaly, or feathery friend, helps add to the atmosphere and ambiance of wonder that you get from Meadow. This leads into the amazing and unique art the game provides.QuiltedThe look of the game resembled me, that of a quilt. Everything from the ground to the trees, to the sky, is patchy and uses slight shifts in hue from one another. This is like nothing I have seen before, and I really like it. Some people I played with didn't love it quite as much as I did, but I didn't hear any complaints about it. You will be hearing this a lot, but it helps to add to the feeling of exploration in the game. Even though this is fairly similar to that of Earth, with creatures like frogs and birds populating the world, I still found the world to look unique and feel different to that of Earth.ContentThe game doesn't have a lot to it, but that isn't necessarily a bad thing. The content that is there is well polished, and I never found myself overwhelmed with the game. I do believe this isn't for everyone, and I feel some people will get bored quickly with this. I personally enjoyed putting on a podcast and exploring this world. The content is mostly walking around and finding other animals to collect the essence for new animals (which requires finding a certain rock and being in a group of 2 or more). This group work is really useful and is helped by a few factorsNo ""I"" in TeamThe teamwork in this game is obviously a central focus in the game, and the devs know and worked to optimize this. Things like the essence you collect being able to be collected by everyone instead of one person, and certain essences being only able to be collected by a group all work to make teamwork a viable option. I had a lot of genuine fun with my group and was sad when I had to eventually leave the game, feeling I had left friends even though I had never said a word to them. Most indie games; or games for that matter, don't have the ability to trigger these emotions, and certainly no game I have played has done this.OverallMeadow provides a stellar experience, but it definetly is not for everyone. Fans of so-called ""walking simulators"" will love this experience, and most people probably will also, and for only $2.99, this ""forum in games clothing"" is definetly worth a look.9/10 ""Stellar"""
,Recommended,486310,32604811,Posted: 20 June,all,McDonald Hump (Nagisa),"I became hooked within the first 30 minutes of playing. The community within this game is absolutely amazing, everyone wants to help out new people and people like to travel in groups in order to access the keystones. I had a wonderful experience myself in which a pack of Snow Foxes and a Mama Lynx travelled through the snow biome to help me with my keystones and my emotes. Its my goal now to unlock the fox and the skin they had and do the same thing they did for me. Would definitely reccomend."
,Recommended,486310,33557667,Posted: 15 July,all,falauke,"The best game for sad/lonely/tired people.The first time I played it made me feel so happy and loved that I almost cried, and later that night I dreamt about running with my animal friends <3Best spent 3 euro ever."
76561198379702231,Recommended,486310,31711773,Posted: 12 May,all,mingoll,"dear might and delightcan you add some new animals to meadow like wolves ?  Also, please add the baby versions  to all the animals in the game.  Can you add wolves, deer, stag, weasal and snake?  Also can you addlittle burrows for all the small animals like bunnys.  and can you make it so you dont have to by allthe games and soundtracks to get the eagle and other animals. any way it is the BEST SHELTERGAME YOU MADE YET!  I'm realy looking forward to playing this game more often.  p.s can theburrows have little rooms and can you add little fruits to eat :) a little idea cane you make a placethat looks like the place where we choose our animal."
,Recommended,486310,31876831,Posted: 21 May,all,Gay Werewolf,would be better if i had friends
76561198058923077,Recommended,486310,33623877,Posted: 17 July,all,Lil Tony,Too Relaxing. Prepare for zen in the form of no word communication and running around the forest with friends
76561198047524156,Recommended,486310,33497483,Posted: 13 July,all,Letothend,Love this game! Very relaxing to play this while watching something on other monitor. Great art and music. Interesting chat system through emotes. Rewards those who own other games in the series with additional animals.I hated the collection system in Shelter 2 where you had to use a guide to find them all. This is much better generalized version.
76561198142072136,Recommended,486310,29432353,Posted: 22 January,all,SaphiretheWhiteTiger,Great game  10/10 i love animals and yea stuff.
76561198212469715,Recommended,486310,32941385,Posted: 28 June,all,Fruckmebaby,I played for an hour but still don't know anything about this game- -
76561198080471317,Recommended,486310,33011769,Posted: 29 June,all,ReiRei-chan,"Als kleines Dachsjunges bin ich gestartet und war im ersten Moment eins: verwirrt. Doch schnell fand ich einen hilfsbereiten Frosch, der mich an die Hand nahm und mir einen Einstieg in mein neues Leben erleicherte. Gemeinsam durchstreiften wir die Täler und Wälder unserer Welt, freundet uns mit einem Hasen und auch einem Luchs an. Der Hase verließ und bald. Dafür kam ein Fuchs dazu. Lange stromerten wir durch die Wildnis auf der Suche nach Blumen, Steinen und magischen Felsen. Und dann, eines Tages, verloren wir erst den Frosch aus den Augen, dann war ich schließlich ganz allein.Naach diesen ersten, aufregenden Augenblicken in meinem jungen Dachsleben, kann ich eins sagen: ich vermisse den Frosch!"
76561198283443296,Recommended,486310,33008836,Posted: 29 June,all,majesticmoose,"I've been a fan of the Shelter series and I absolutely love this game. However, it gets a bit annoying once you've unlocked all of the animals because I now have no use for the yellow pieces which seem to drop more frequently for me than the blue pieces do. This is slightly irritating due to how many skins there are because of all of the animals and I get disappointed once I break an obelisk only to find the yellow pieces within and no blue pieces. Maybe it's just very bad luck? Or do the yellow pieces actually drop more frequently than the blue?"
76561198083121172,Recommended,486310,33017207,Posted: 29 June,all,WatchRabbit,Travel with partners~ enjoy the world of beatiful wilds <3then relax yourself!
76561198325027181,Recommended,486310,33017388,Posted: 29 June,all,butterlord3317,i like how there is no chat box so no one can say bad things and we can cooperate together but iwould like them to add a wolf into the game that would make it even more fun to get after the pheasent
76561198268000076,Recommended,486310,33024784,Posted: 29 June,all,Sofie Dreams,~ Logins to Europe server~ Picks the pheasent~ Runs around~ runs into badger cub~ Explores with him~ build up a small herd~ I magically become 'leader'~ Finds rune stone~ Cries due to not right characters~ I try to leave my herd to join another~ fails~ I run into another herd~ I sneak away~ success~ 3 minutes later~ Pack grew larger and found me~ game lags so much~ jumps off cliff trying to fly~ respawn across the map~ Repeats the Adventure100/1 would play this game everyday
,Recommended,486310,33117603,Posted: 1 July,all,Nugget,"Meadow has a nice, chill vibe. It's a great game for relaxing after a long day. Wander about aimlessly, explore with friends, or just sit back and enjoy the view. 10/10 would buy again! <3"
76561198361150583,Recommended,486310,29696162,Posted: 4 February,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,"What an incredible game, he's quitting with my depression."
,Recommended,486310,33084019,Posted: 1 July,all,Tessa [ODH],A great indie game very peaceful and calming
,Recommended,486310,33191480,Posted: 3 July,all,OPersei_8,Super relaxing.
,Recommended,486310,33163523,Posted: 2 July,all,twinArmageddons,"Muy lindo. Estaría piola que el mapa fuera un poco más útil a la hora de ubicarse en donde estas pero fuera de eso super relajante, esteticamente muy bello y es entretenido"
,Recommended,486310,33690335,Posted: 21 July,all,DeamLupus,"Its a pretty cute game and my only issue, though I get why, is you can't talk to people at all. Or communicate anything other than emotes. I get why but come on I just spent 45 minutes with one other animal and I can't even add them or anything :'[Otherwise I love the game so far."
,Recommended,486310,33697584,Posted: 21 July,all,Carl Max,"This game is simply about finding and losing friends with nothing but a few symbols at your disposal. This makes it really powerful. The playerbase is by no means big, but it is not unplayably tiny. It is just perfect for this kind of game."
76561198317316564,Recommended,486310,33700073,Posted: 21 July,all,Aletheya,"I have played this game for about 9 hours in a course of couple of days now, and I have to say I really do like it. I wasn't familiar with the shelter-games, so this is coming from a complete newbie. :)The only problem now, personally, is that I have already gathered all the animals you can get without having to buy any games or other extra stuff, meaning, I got them from simply gathering the puzzle pieces from those odd rocks (that is by the way: frog, rabbit, fox, goat, and pheasant), and now I'm not sure what's the point of playing this game anymore. I started this game with so much energy, because I just fell in love with it and almost got addicted to searching those rocks, but it was really really easy to gather all those animals, and now that it's over.. Well, it feels slightly boring.And don't get me wrong; I still want to play this game sometimes. It's relaxing, and honestly the COMMUNITY is the best one I have ever seen anywhere in the gaming world! <3I think it was a very smart idea from the devs to only able communication via emotes and a few symbols (which by the way works surprisingly good!). Also they managed to avoid all of the drama by not allowing killing of other players, and when you add having to do actual teamwork in order to get any of those rocks open, it really works like a glue and connects the players. Great job devs!...But that said, I guess the main point kind of got lost now for me, when you can no longer gather animals. :( If I wanted to play with any other animal than what I already have, like the lynx/lynx cub, a bear cub, or adult badger, not to mention the mighty eagle I desperately want (!!), I would have to buy *poop* load of games and soundtracks and other (for me useless) stuff! Which honestly I don't really feel like buying, or have money to. That kind of stinks.. :(But if you need a relaxing game with awesome community, and love to run around in beautiful nature and with nice groups and gather those puzzle pieces and flowers (at least a little while, until you will have gathered all the animals, which I completed in less than 10 hours), then BUY THIS GAME! :) It's not expensive and you won't regret it!"
76561198325865293,Recommended,486310,33704546,Posted: 21 July,all,lindz1409,"Very cute, simple, and works well. Worth your time."
,Recommended,486310,33783637,Posted: 25 July,all,Íchomancer,"Seriously so worth it for the price. I seldom write reviews but I felt obligated for this game. It's so calming and friendly. I'm the kind of person who loves Dark Souls, and this game was such a refreshing thing for me. It's like endless jolly co-operation, roaming around without fear searching for plants, minerals, obelisks, and beauty.The Communication system is very interesting. It's so... Animal.. You can't really fully communicate, but you can get your point across.I've made some amazing friends that I may never meet again.It's fun to unlock new animals, currently I've only unlocked the Frog and the Rabbit- but my frog is a pimp.Unlocking new emotes is fun too- it's rewarding to get better at communication, leading an expedition is enjoyable.9.4/10.(Super awesome game to play baked too haha)"
76561198133613308,Recommended,486310,33796870,Posted: 25 July,all,Admire,"It was on sale for Steam and I didn't think i'd enjoy it as much as I have been. It was difficult at first but only because I was seriously overthinking the game, definitely the type of game to pass time just by collecting skins/characters/flowers. Would reccommend! :)"
76561198387144619,Recommended,486310,33834597,Posted: 27 July,all,Tudor,Hi ! I want to tell you that I want a squirrel in the game who can climb trees or a new map of new animals and tell me how I can get linx
,Recommended,486310,33825898,Posted: 27 July,all,genesis/revelations,"Probably one of the best ""games"" I've ever played in my entire life."
76561198124265429,Recommended,486310,33885092,Posted: 29 July,all,suddenlyhopeful,"Before I knew it, I'd played the game for 2 hours and made friends with 2 packs. I was legitamately sad when I had to say goodbye! The communication by emotes and not words is the best part. You have to make do with the icons that you have and somehow manage to express so much.The atmosphere is so friendly and sweet, it makes for a great escape on a bad day, reminds you that people are nicer than we tend to believe and easily forget.Just a great experience for a small price (which I think makes up for it's flaws) and I'm glad I bought it.My only complaints are the camera and control system. It's alright, and gets the job done, but I imagine if the camera and controls were better I could get more immersed in the world and look around some more. The main issue with the camera is that it's really easy to lose track of other people and makes it a bit difficult to look around.There is some latency, but for me it was barely noticeable. I was in the east us server.Thanks for the experience, deer, rabbit, and pheasant. You too, baby badger, though you joined in just at the end. I was the frog!And the first pack I was in, thanks for waiting for me to catch up, adult badger :) I was just the teeny baby badger and our pack started with lynx and you, and got bigger when we met fox and deer."
,Recommended,486310,33890697,Posted: 29 July,all,Brother Gimpy,"Good day fellow citizens, today I will be reviewing the game known as 'Meadow'.A quiet and peaceful game to align your chakras, Meadow is a magestic simulator for fellow gamers to get along and build friendships, until that one edgy ♥♥♥♥♥ decided to jump off the edge and ruin the mood.Meadow is not so much a realistic simulator, but perhaps a gorgeously designed world that will at times burn your retinas where you can work in teams to collect objects like crystals to advance you and your characters, role play with other wild creatures and spend half your time teaching someone how to click the mouse to make a ♥♥♥♥ing noise, or having to walk at warp speed 0 because someone can't figure out how to use the god damn shift button. Despite this, Meadow is a game about educating players about the food chain in grove 3 where everyone murders each other, or simply how to work on team building to collect achievements.There are many wonderful things to collect and achieve in the world of Meadow, such as Obelisks, crystals, animals, new skins and hellfires. Meadow is a riveting game with hair raising activities such as sleeping and plummeting into the unknown. Meadow is all about teamwork, and expanding your social skills, that is, until the pheasants fly up somewhere you cannot and your depressed little badger self is left to be eaten by vultures. HA I'm kidding, that can only happen in the murderous world of the third grove I mentioned earlier :).All in all, Meadow is a breathtakingly beautiful world designed for players to get to know others through emotes and signals, to collect and advance, and to hear the never ending, harmonic tone of the frog (seriously guys you need to stop). I would most certainly encourage everyone to indulge in the world of Meadow :)."
76561198019623003,Recommended,486310,33910363,Posted: 30 July,all,CantPlayJack,"Oddly addictive for being so simple, Meadow is a very straight-forward experience.  You start as one of a handful of animals with the ability to unlock others through play or through purchasing other products from the studio.  You have access to a few actions and unlock more via collection.  There is no typing and limited communication, though what is available is sufficient.All there is to do is run around and collect things.  It can be quite laggy at times, but generally performs well with a very Eastern European art style.  Somehow, it's a worthwhile experience to band together with a massive chain of animals--everything from badgers and foxes to rabbits and frogs--bounding through the different biomes of the map, calling to each other in a cacophony of blips and woofs while collecting little floating fragments."
76561198328633499,Recommended,486310,26253354,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,AcaciaGrimm,"I love the game now that I'm playing it more! Even with the new Fox and Pheasant creature. However, like any other game, it has some problems. Well, when I saw problems, I don't mean by glitches, lag, bugs, and crashes. There is only one bug that when I go to change an animal, it says that my connection broke and kicks me out of the game. But now for the other problems.1: The world of MeadowThe world of Meadow is indeed beautiful, however, the giant holes in the ground kinda ruin that world. If you, the developers, can fill in those holes (The giant one in the green zone and the small one in the autumn zone) then that would make the world much better.2: A tiny winter zoneThe winter zone is the smallest zones out of the three, but it would make Meadow much better if you can expand that zone :)3: Too many gold puzzle piecesThere are three kinds of puzzle pieces: Gold(Or yellow), which unlocks new animals, blue, which unlocks new skins, and pink(Or red), which unlocks emotes. In my opinion, the gold pieces are way too easy to collect because of the large stone things(Forgot what they were called DX). This would make the game better: The pink pieces should be the most easiest piece to find. Then, the blue pieces can be in the middle which means that they should not be easier than the pink pieces, but are easier than the gold pieces. And the gold pieces should be the most difficult to find.4: More animalsAs for the animals in Meadow, I think that there should be much more because here are the animals in the other Shelter games that are not in Meadow:DeerMusk DeerAdult BearSwanWolfRatOwlThese are the animals that are in the other Shelter games but not in Meadow and I would like for at least a sign that one of these animals may come out soon.And finally 5: The EagleJust the Eagle itself. In my opinion, Eagles are really cool animals, but it is a shame that the Eagle only has three skins and one of those skins you have to be a Moderator or a Developer. The white Eagle skin, you have to be on the leaderboards, and the Bald Eagle skin, you have to buy all Shelter related products. I think that there should be another way to get the Eagle, which is by collecting gold pieces, and you can get like a Golden skin or a fully brown skin. In overall, the Eagle should be majorly fixed.And that is the 5 problems I have with this game."
76561198312807450,Recommended,486310,30906617,Posted: 2 April,all,Teono,"This is the best game I've ever played. I love it so much! It is so much fun! I recommend people to play this! It might have a confusing start, but it'll get more fun as you continue to play!Meadow is also VERY soothing and relaxing. So if you had a rough day, just try to play this game, you will soon be in a point of tranquility. It makes me want to take a nap.Also, the atmosphere of the game feels beautiful and unique, and I'm excited for further updates, hoping the Wolf will be added!"
,Recommended,486310,34066048,Posted: 6 August,all,Kugyo,"Today is the first day I played this game,I met a lovely fox leaded me patiently and we walked together, climbed rocks. I feel so happy and thankful.I am the meles meles！Hope to see you again!(sorry my English is not so good)"
,Recommended,486310,34110052,Posted: 8 August,all,SupMike,"My early impresions of Meadow:Wow, I just spent an hour following a very kind and fun-loving red-furred deer (or a doe) who left trails of fire behind them. They showed me around, guided me through my first unlocable emotes and a skin. We met a silly white fox, who made a show of jumping off a cliff only to appear behind us. The fox had to leave and waved us goodbye, so we said our goodbyes and caried on for another 20 minutes or so. During this time we encountered a large pack of animals. It didn't take long for me to get lost, only to find out my deer(doe) friend was waiting for me. When it was my time to shut down the game for the day, I asked my friend to step aside from the group. We shared a couple of sad emotes, (unfortunately I don't know how to wave goodbye yet) and sat down as I logged out.THEN IT HIT ME. I felt a little sad, as this is probably the last time I'll encounter those players, and even if I do, they would look different, as they must have unlocked a new animal or a skin. I know I would look different, I don't plan on sticking with the starting animal.Meadow succedeed in fostering a real feeling of a fleeting connection, without any words involved. Kudos for that.I need to play more, but technical difficulties aside (THE LAG!), I feel oblidged to recommend Meadow if not for the single fact of evoking those feelings. Plus, look at the price tag, come on!"
76561198095525600,Recommended,486310,34209792,Posted: 13 August,all,D7oneM,"hey bunny, i miss you"
,Recommended,486310,34221185,Posted: 13 August,all,ToxicHowl,LOVE THIS GAME! honestly its a good de-stresser and i am very glad my friend showed it to me.
,Recommended,486310,34231737,Posted: 14 August,all,象牙塔底的尸体,"Meadow has a great potential to completely redefine open world game. There are actually a few ways that Meadow has changed the traditional open world & MMO game style such as different patterns of socialization and exploration.No tasks, no levels, no kills, no words, no survival features, no annoying game cliches.Anyway I came in the store page thinking for a cheap and cute animal show seeing how this so-called low graphics open world game can grib my attention within two hours. But right now, what I got instead is a well-designed MMO game animal version, and I'm 12 hours in already. A basic communication system makes me surprisingly eager to make friends.Animal character enriches the game, yet it could be better.It's true that Meadow just becomes boring after a couple of days. But at least, its a can't miss relaxing and pleasant experience, I would highly recommend."
76561198133923435,Recommended,486310,34300935,Posted: 16 August,all,The quiet sky,2 heagehogs and 2 fox had a great time na east 2 am
,Recommended,486310,34320856,Posted: 17 August,all,ayayron,i'm so happy this game exists
76561198363862150,Recommended,486310,34337838,Posted: 18 August,all,juliagauche,I love this game so much but sadly when I bought it it would load a black screen with the sounds of the game. I've contacted the creators and been 4 months and I have gotten no response. Maybe it's my computer since my friends worked out perfectly. I play on her computer often and I just love this game with all my heart. I recommend buying the game but just know that there is a chance you wasted money.
76561198272053947,Recommended,486310,34355370,Posted: 19 August,all,julymoonlightstar33,"Meadow is a beautiful game with beautiful music. I would recommend playing this AWESOME game. I could spend hours playing the game and I like it how they added time like it would be in real life. It may not be as sad as Shelter or Shelter2, but it still is touching when leaving or Role Playing. I hope others enjoy the game as much as I did.However, I have a few request on a update.Adding a wolfAdding a deer or geeseHaving a server where predators can hunt. Like a surviving and players could attack each other (Only another server)=Maybe adding a chat box="
76561198327164605,Recommended,486310,34458001,Posted: 24 August,all,SmokyZabrak,Very soothing for my demonic soul.
76561198398338028,Recommended,486310,34515249,Posted: 26 August,all,annaalexspain,"PROS:  Amazing, fun, beautiful and simple!  You are either a badger cub, badger adult, goat, pheasnt, fox, white eagle, rabbit, bear cub, lynx, lynx cub or a Bald eagle!  You are on a mission, to complete the game and get all the animals by collecting puzzle pieces!  In order to get the puzzle pieces you have to be with other animals and then bark/make sound at the huge stone-looking things!  Very amazing graphics(They aren't realistic but they are paperish)!CONS:  Sometimes there was nobody really around....  I couldn't get puzzle pieces because they were in the huge stones and in order to get them you have to be with another animal and make noise at the stones.  I wish there could be a singleplayer mode so this problem would be fixed!  Like where there is NPC's and they would follow you around and make noise when you make noise!Other than that this is a fun game!"
,Recommended,486310,34532684,Posted: 27 August,all,butterstulle,"Meadow is a wonderful experience that lets you step back from all the flaming and trolling that most games and/or their playerbase offer these days. I was a little distrustful at first because of what this game seems to offer. But now... whenever i join or leave a session im amazed by what little it takes for people to socialise and have tons of fun (btw this is a 27year old man, talking about having fun in mud-holes as a lynx cub).The ingame communication with emotes and symbols works amazingly well (theres no voice- or textchat) and feels really pleasing to use. It may seem a little intimidating at first but once in a group youll quickly learn from how other people use them.Youll explore a wonderful world with fellow animals in a unique art-style, searching for collectibles, enhancing your current animal and unlocking new ones. All that accompanied by beautiful musik. It just feels great to roam the lands, hills and caves with a big group of various species where everyone interacts and takes care on one another.This may also be one of the best games for children because theres no violence in any way. No death. No insults.Still older people (all ranges) may enjoy this as a relaxing break from everyday life and annoying games and gamers"
76561198202353348,Recommended,486310,34453781,Posted: 23 August,all,yukkikatsuki,"so friendos and strangers I've never actually suggested people play this game because everyone has such diffrent tastes but honestly I love playing this game when life gets stressful this is a great peaceful mmo with a peculiar chat system based on emotes centered around finding puzzle pieces to unlock more animals, emotes, and skins the game is still being updated periodically and the Devs are open to suggestions on additions to game but its a solid game and I've enjoyed playing with everyone I've run across hope to see you in game."
,Recommended,486310,34507875,Posted: 26 August,all,uuu,Pretty good game
76561198171025161,Recommended,486310,34531207,Posted: 27 August,all,VampireAdard,i love this game!!! it so cuute!
76561198310691447,Recommended,486310,26250390,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,TheKiwiSquad,"Pretty fun game, a little laggy on bad computers tho."
76561198024516191,Recommended,486310,34566983,Posted: 28 August,all,capfreak22,"This game is fantastic!My first time playing I met a goat and a fellow badger. We climbed a mountain, played in mud, and found a bunch of rune stones we couldn't open. The goat made fun of me when I got stuck on the mountain. 10/10 would get stuck again"
76561198360050492,Recommended,486310,34613052,Posted: 30 August,all,Seraph,"A game without weapons,blood,death,wars...All it has are love,friendship,curiosity,helping each other...When you had a long day,sit down and become an animal in the meadow,running with others.You may rest assured that even the lynxes wont eat rabbits here."
,Recommended,486310,34675622,Posted: 1 September,all,Dooyou,"Meadow is  really healing game. I really love it. and, have a many animal friend  o//ㅅ//o)"
,Recommended,486310,34682120,Posted: 2 September,all,Orphan Launcher,"When you've had a long day and just want to punch people in the face, play this instead. 10/10 stress relief"
76561198250234592,Recommended,486310,34733153,Posted: 4 September,all,{FGoW}BudgieLover,"I absolutely loved this game! The very few glitches this game has are truly funny, not annoying. I love the unique way of ""talking"" on Meadow, and I cannot wait to see what Meadow is in the future."
76561198299087708,Recommended,486310,34750162,Posted: 4 September,all,SUSUEII,"So amazing game!!!!! Finding a deer which in US East on 5th Sep 2017 afternoon (Australia Time), I am the rabbit with u!!!!!! If u see this comment plz add me steam!!!! 找一只2017年9月5日下午（澳大利亚时间）和我一起的一只鹿！！我是兔子呀兔子！！求加我steam"
,Recommended,486310,34648305,Posted: 31 August,all,kagrenac,"if you want a go-to game to play when you're too tired to play something competitive, get Meadow. it's really chill and although it has some flaws it's worth its price."
76561198135016517,Recommended,486310,34922365,Posted: 13 September,all,Tanzanight,it's amazing it's so calming i use it too get rid of my head ache
76561198059386627,Recommended,486310,35074982,Posted: 19 September,all,36thelement,"Fantastic game, especially for the price. Played for 3 hours straight on my first playthrough.I spawned in as a small mammal and met up with a very helpful frog who I followed around and he helped me find 'essense' which basically gives you more expressions, skins and animals.Met up with some animals and ran around, some left and we cried for them, and then met up with others, we ran up mountains,  through caves etc.At one point we came to the edge of the map which you die if you jump off of, and people started jumping off and we were crying trying to stop them committing suicide lol.Also if you change your animal you respawn at the big tree in the middle of the map, so at one point a member of our group told us he had to swap, so we cried for him leaving, then ran to the tree and escorted him back to the party, it was awesome.Great game, definitely worth a buy."
76561198127540102,Recommended,486310,34812742,Posted: 8 September,all,🎀Vulture culture🎀,probably one of the best games i have played
,Recommended,486310,34854353,Posted: 9 September,all,Hypergize,"Uh oh, a forum 😅 I knew instantly I would be addicted to this game, just because I adored Shelter 2, and wouldn't you know it."
76561198335790519,Recommended,486310,34864506,Posted: 10 September,all,Feathertail916,it is a great price and great quility.
76561198331776519,Recommended,486310,34862323,Posted: 10 September,all,lucyTheGamer,"The graphic style is amazing! In my opinion,whoever loves animals. It will be a perfect game for you.Love the shelter seris.I really do recommend this game9/10"
76561198391413270,Recommended,486310,34883444,Posted: 11 September,all,Wolf Pup,best game ever i play for hours i mainly play as a lynx cub
,Recommended,486310,34827777,Posted: 8 September,all,Kordesh,"First I became a tiny badger, then I wandered around finding plants until I met a tiny badger friend to which I provided moral support in trying to climb tiny hills, until a turkey came along and started traveling around with us. Then we found a deer and ran  into a cave so we could all make animal noises with reverb and then trotted outside to play ball in a lake with a rabbit and eat apples. The deer went off and everyone was sad but then we met another deer and a muddy bobcat and wandered to the end of the world. Then I became a frog. Great fun; would make little badger noises again."
,Recommended,486310,33898038,Posted: 29 July,all,4r5,I've never had more fun playing as a badger and socializing with other woodland animals in search of our next good hit of that hard stuff.
