user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,486720,23606916,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,HappyZavulon,"This game was a total surprise for me. I've never heard about it, didn't think it would be much fun, and the price seemed too high. I almost went passed it, but then heard that the game had a demo you can get it on their website and it's pretty lengthy. After playing it for a couple of hours - I was sold!The combat is quite challenging and you have to think about stuff like ""Do I run from the map now or do I try and get a higher EXP multiplier? Do I try and recruit the enemy or just finish it off? Do I use one of my super valuable healing items or do I just defend, hope for the best, and then eat some food after the battle?"".I've played it all day and I think I only made a dent in the campaign, they weren't about it being long and handcrafted. Hell even the lore and the writing are deep and well crafted, something I really didn't expect.If you like turn based RPGs in short, if you like turn based RPGs, beautiful pixel art (and including orc pixel ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s), morally grey areas (your character can be a ""Violent Buggerer"") and nice retro tunes - then you should totally check it out.The only ""con"" so far is the lack of character animations, which is a bit disappointing, but I guess animating all of the movement would have cost a ton, so I can see why they've done it.If the devs are reading this, my main suggestion would be adding the demo to Steam, it would really help people make a decision."
76561197981124470,Recommended,486720,32466399,Posted: 16 June,all,Kilroy512,"In my opinion, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bonds does a fairly poor job of presenting its own brilliance. The game has core elements to it that are truly amazing and utterly fails to communicate them to the player in a timely fashion. It is truly incredible if you take the time to understand it and get over the minor annoyance created by a lack of information given by many tooltips. (I still don't fully understand the effects of many of the items I actively use)So, why did I give this game a positive review? Because under a thin layer of dirt on the surface lies a deeply compelling game with a wide variety of meaningful choices with serious consequences. Let me illustrate this with an example of one of the many, many things you encounter on your adventure. (very minor spoiler) At one point in the game you come across an empty watch tower with an unlit bonfire at the top. When I reached this point I had a distinct feeling that the choice of whether or not to light that fire would change the next sequence. I remember thinking to myself, ""If I don't light this fire then maybe a town won't be warned of impending danger, but if I do then perhaps I will attract unwanted attention. Without saying what my choice was or the consequences it caused, I'm still not sure what would have happened had I gone the other route.This is not the only way in which the game shines though. The game has a fairly unique leveling system encouraging the player to spec along lines rather than archetype. There are three rows and three columns. Force, Guile, and Magic are the rows. Attack, Defense, and Utility are the columns. Each of these six options provides the player with a unique and potentially interesting choice. Is your character an offensive jack of all trades, a balanced physical master, or a utility expert with almost no combat prowess? Maybe you're the tank but you double as the healer? All of these and many more are viable options with a robust team able to cover eachothers gaps.Speaking of team, the game takes a very unique aproach to your team in that the people who are not actively with you still serve a significant purpose. While you are away on missions, the rest of your allies are still back at your base camp providing labor and various benefits between missions. This is something that I have not really seen done like this before and I really liked how it made you care about characters that are not directly in your party.I have not personally experienced this yet, to my knowledge, but it is heavily implied that there are also crossover characters that other people have created in their own games which carry over aspects decided by their creators. (personality and build primarily)All in all I think the game is a hidden gem and at the current price ($15) it's a great deal for anyone who likes grid based strategies."
76561197976479066,Recommended,486720,23642617,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Blue Bogle,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bonds is an indie, turn-based, tactics game where you control a party of up to four characters, exploring, fighting, and looting your way through many hours of content. You can have much larger armies of people to draw upon, recruiting more characters as the game progresses (including character you can make in the excellent character creator).The combat system is fairly simple, but allows for a great deal of strategizing, and makes for some deep and difficult fights. It boils down to either taking a safe action, or a reckless action. If you use a safe action, your turn ends for the combat round, but you succeed at the action. If you use a reckless action, you can get another turn on the combat round, but you have a chance of fumbling, and exposing yourself to more damage. Every time you take a reckless action, your ""risk"" rating goes up, and the more risk you have, the greater a chance to fumble. Get enough risk however, and you get a combat advantage. It's a simple but excellent risk/reward system that sees both sides of a conflict pushing their risk to squeeze in as many combat actions per round as possible, while trying not to fumble.The game feels like a mix of Japanese, tactical RPGs (Final Fantast Tactics) combined with 90s, Western CRPGs such as Baldur's Gate or even older PC RPGs, and a dash of rogue-likes. And I mean this in all the best ways as far as the game mechanics are concerned.It doesn't have a deep story, so if you're looking for story driven games, you might want to skip this one. That said, it does have a lot of opportunity for emergent stories and story that happens mostly in your head with it's large world and wide range of characters. What story and writing the game does have is solid, if nothing mind-blowing. I haven't finished it yet though, so who knows where it might go.The art style is definitely old-school, with a pixel graphic style. If you don't mind that sort of thing, it's very well done and looks great. There isn't any animation, with characters being essentially fixed images on the screen, but it is a one person developed game, and the great character creation system makes up for the lack of character animation imo. If graphics are a big deal for you though, this might not be for you.The music is also solid and really sets the mood. Not much more to say about it, it's just very good. Again, a bit of a retro quality to it, but if that doesn't bother you, you'll enjoy it.It's rated ""mature"" for what is essentially pixel-nudity, with plenty of naked men and women in the game content. Not much more beyond that though, with only one romance sub-plot in the game. Oh, there is also swearing. Just stating for people who want to avoid that sort of thing.Overall, this game came out of nowhere for me, but really hit the mark. I've been really enjoying it, and would recommend it to anyone who likes this sort of thing."
,Recommended,486720,23602640,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Cuix,"I'd already beaten this game once, and was about to beat it again, before it came out on Steam, and I re-purchased it just to support it a little more. Great dev, love the game, and glad to see it doing well! So, on to the review:Pros:1. The dudes. Let's not beat around the bush: If you're into bara fellas duking it out with half-naked monster guys, hop into this game ASAP and don't look back. Don't even bother reading the rest of this review; just buy the game and thank me later.2. The music. Atmospheric, finely-crafted, always sets the tone well, and very fitting aesthetically.3. The character creation. Separate from the presence of burly blokes, the breadth of options available for your main character (as well as any NPCs you inevitably want to craft) is really quite nice. Lots of body types, fashion options, and color choices, along with the unique ""What is your crime?"" and ""Are you guilty?"" options.4. The writing. Engaging, humorous when appropriate, with touches of melancholy and surprising horror here and there. Occasionally sentimental when an NPC decides to settle down by the fire to chat with you. I was also pleasantly surprised by the story, much more unique and thought-provoking than one would expect from a ""prison island"" premise.5. LGBT+ friendly and body-positive. Should be obvious, but may as well say it outright.Cons:1. Relatively shallow combat. Although the stat allocation system is neat and there is technically a variety of combat options, it's fairly easy to figure out a simple strategy or two and just proceed with few changes. The risk system is engaging and interesting, a solid idea, but it surrounds a combat system that is otherwise quite basic. For me, this is fine, but be wary when you see the ""tactical"" in ""tactical RPG"".2. Animation-light. The sprites almost never actually change except for minor warping, with movement achieved through ""hopping"" on grids. While the digital paintings are lovely when you get them, most of the game has rather simplistic visuals overall, with animations being the most obviously lacking feature.I liked this game enough to buy it twice. That should say something. Regardless, I hope this review is helpful."
76561197991657927,Recommended,486720,23593525,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,MrMuse,"A hesitant recommendation. It will suit some people and not others so it's going to be very hit and miss. I refunded it for the reason that it DIDN'T suit me but it's still good enough to deserve a thumbs up. The levels are well crafted and the base building element adds to the game as does the absorbing storytelling and the variety of character types you can make. Also, despite seeming cliche, the WAY the ""you're a criminal banished to an island of criminals"" works is actually done in an original way and, indeed, the whole story progression is satisfying. The problem is that the combat is fairly one dimensional and not that 'tactical' for a turn based game. You basically have two attack types and they are ranged or melee. I suppose the tactical part comes more into play when you consider resistances and when to heal but this doesn't alter the fact that it's just hit, hit, heal. You could categorise it as a TBS lite but it's also borderline hack 'n' slash. Some will find that the superbly done other elements will be enough to make you ignore the one big fault but for me it was the deciding factor. This said, I should point out that the 40+ hours indicated play time is likely to be very much an underestimation for those who are sufficiently drawn in and I'm sure you could easilly double that 40."
76561198056068208,Recommended,486720,23577524,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,PixelBuff,"Nice classic dungeon crawler impressively created by a single developer. Customizable characters, lots of options for various builds. Worth a try if you enjoy dungeon crawls, looking forward to building my stronghold and recruiting dudes."
,Recommended,486720,32819173,Posted: 26 June,all,Trifoilum,"So, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bonds.I will talk about the less loaded part first, before heading to the more scandalous parts.Spoiler alert, btw.+) For its price, it is a VERY stimulating tactics game. Honestly. And for all its worth *looks at all the abs* I dare say this is not a fanservice game. More on that later.+) Gameplay-wise it's a curious blend of a JRPG, grid-based strategy games, and isometric RPG. In other words it's like Icewind Dale but turn-based and with grids. Dynamics are simple but engaging; you attack, be that with magic or physical attacks; and each turn you can add a risk of reducing your defense for adding an extra action.-) The AI kinda sucks. Pathfinding can sometimes be a mess; and enemies always try to attack the nearest character. There are still difficulties around; but seriously the stupidity is totally abuse-able.+) There are passive skills in abundance, but active skills are lacking. Character growth is related to those passive skills. I like how intuitive they feel; surprisingly the lack of details did not bother me as much as it should in other games. Battles are still engaging and challenging.-) There are attempts of adding base making elements into this but-- honestly, it doesn't add much.+) And related to that is a giant character roster. Well; giant in all sorts of meanings. You have at least 20ish legit NPC, and you can even add more of your own if you want to. A fricking lot of them are giants by your typical RPG standards.-) If anything, the biggest flaws I noticed in this game lies around the writing. But not a matter of quality.... this is about quantity. And tone. Simply put; despite the very brave effort by the developers (which I -really- commend), this game has a very big missed opportunity. I kept imagining this game having a Bioware (or CD Projekt Red) grade worldbuilding and details and...*sigh*-) First; worldbuilding. The setting is REALLY intriguing -- a prison island with the majority being men; where people are struggling to survive; and some, to live.The writers did a good job in setting the world; you get to see the aftermaths in your overall time-- a lot of dungeons were formerly villages, houses, homes. You get to read and sometimes experience the various ways people adjust in this harsh environments. This also includes sexuality (which -can- be problematic but thankfully, so far, did not feel like such).But I personally don't get to -FEEL- the harshness and bleakness. It lacks details to give the world more weight to it. We learn more about the characters (and WHY they were sent here, not WHAT they were doing here) more than the world. The destruction and cruelty becomes mere setpieces.-) Second is the grievous lack of character depth. When I compare ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bonds to Icewind Dale; that also includes how empty they are. Especially the custom characters.No variation in character dialogue. No changes except when they are bonded. And for our avatar; no dialogue options.*) In this case I must say that the alignment system is much more about stats than about roleplaying or the story.-) And most unfortunate is the lack of interaction between party members. Because there are a lot of characters; and the developers have actually gave them compelling backstories and outlook that are often times sympathetic. A lot of kudos should be given to the writers.But instances where one party member interacts, clashes, engages, bonds with another were very little. So are instances where party members reacts to the plot, or whatever is happening in certain maps. The major source of interaction between party members --the Trusted Scenes-- are very limited to specific pairs.-) And because of the lack of reactions between characters and the world; the moral greyness also fail to show, especially the darker shades of grey.Again; overall, I really enjoy this game, it has a really strong framework. I just bemoan the missing opportunity to create a compelling narrative out of it."
76561198103481725,Recommended,486720,32814926,Posted: 26 June,all,Loues.S.Cat,"I now have a party of monsters and criminals that consists of a demonic tiger-man that looks like he is trying to waggle his magic wand at everyone, A lumberjack in y-fronts, shoes and little else, and a werewolf that managed to buck the trend for transforming beasties and keep all their cloths on except their pants.I don't think I have ever had this happen before.While I was considering getting this game I was warned about ""subtle gay themes"" in it.To date I haven't seen any. They are likely well hidden behind the blatant homoeroticism."
76561198007695865,Recommended,486720,26821096,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ValkyrieMoon,"This game is great, felt like Witcher 3 in pixel form. You run into so many people, places, and things along your adventures. Once I started I did not like it. But when I stuck with it and learned the game I could not stop. Great Game!!"
,Recommended,486720,23626021,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Underwhelmed,"The  store page may not make the best first impression, but it turns out that it is actually a pretty decent game, with a somewhat unique* combat system.Each turn, you can have your unit “act” which will move, attack, cast a spell, whatever. Doing so ends the unit’s turn. Or, you can take a “reckless action” which will let you attack/et cetera and then place you at the back of the initiative order allowing you to take another action in the same turn. Each reckless action carries an increasing chance of a fumble, which immediately ends your turn. This “press your luck” mechanic adds a fair amount of depth to the combat system.Outside of combat, you march your people around the island killing monsters, and other assorted jerks, building strongholds, and recruiting more miscreants for your company. Inventory and abilities are pretty streamlined and may rub some people the wrong way. The quick game play, and risk mechanic keeps the game from feeling too shallow.Overall, pretty entertaining. Each encounter/map plays in around 20 minutes or less, so this isan ideal short break sort of game.*Vagrant Story also used a risk mechanic, though a bit differently."
,Recommended,486720,23646778,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Sir Digby Chicken Caesar,"This game is worth buying for the character creator alone. You can make nearly perfect recreations of Blanka from Street Fighter, Jessica Rabbit, Han Solo, and more. When you add in the detailed monster recruitment system and the ability to construct and defend a stronghold, B*stard Bonds quickly becomes one of the best indie games of 2016."
76561198229231924,Recommended,486720,30353205,Posted: 6 March,all,teufel_barde,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bonds is a turn based, squad based rpg with minor elements of base building, enemy recruitment and homosexuality. If your wondering about the last one, keep reading.The plot is simple, there are two kingdoms, the orc kingdom and the human kingdom, both don't matter to the plot, beyond the human empire is dickish and condemns anyone it sees fit to exile on an island in the sea between these two empires. Both empires use the island to send criminals, who must spend their days either locked up and forgotten in run down prisons, or fending for their lives in an island riddled with horrors. You are the newest prisoner to be sent to the island, after you've been condemned in your trial (you can decide for what crime, and whether you actually did it or not). After a bit you escape with a random party member from a pool of characters and then begin your new life, trying to survive, and hopefully escape.The themes of homosexuality are strong in this game, i applied a theory to the game early on ""the longer one plays ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bonds, the more prominant the themes of homosexuality become"". Low and behold, i was correct. As the game is effectively about criminals on an island, the majority of them being men (social commantary or vague justifucation for butt ♥♥♥♥ing, you decide!), with certain ""urges"", it stands to reason that homosexuality would just ""happen"". but its handled in a suprisingly mature way...For the most part, but then again, its fine to poke fun at any topic as long as you don't go too far, which this doesn't. You can romance more or less every story relevent male character in the game, even marrying one of them if you so choose, regardless of your gender, so its rather open in terms of homosexuality that way, and some of the interactions are kinda sweet, like my favourite character leftie and his interactions. Then there are the more, symbolic, themes, such as fast travel around the map being done by crawling through what are effectively giant muck infested flesh tunnels, or how enemies tend to wear little to no clothing alot of the time with their dongs just flapping about, normally with hard ons. While all this can be a tad uncomfortable for some, it does present a decent representation of homosexuality at times, although you can tell some scenes are just for gay smut. I'm straight, but that didn't stop me from enjoying the theme at all, though i am guilty of skipping over the more explicit scenes of bromance.The gameplay is very simple, but extremely fun and satisfying. You can do one of a few actions: move, attack, cast a spell, defend, or standby. depending on what weapon you have equipped, you can attack from a number of squares away, but normally you have to be next to the enemy. Cast is simple, its just a long range magic spell, defend ends your turn but protects you until the next round of combat, standby delays your action, allowing someone else to make a move before you. Where it gets interesting is the risk system. You can do any action normally, but, if you take risk (which is a small gauge below your character on the turn order that fills every time you take a reckless action), you can risk failing in order to have a chance to act in that round of combat again. Fail, and you have to wait until the next round, succeed, and you gain bonus EXP, and a higher crit chance depending on how much risk you have. Enemies can do this as well, making combat a risk/reward conflict with a tactical layer.Characters do level up, and gain bonuses to certain things depending on their crime, whether thy commited it and their alignment. You have nine seperate skills to put points into, with each milestone achived on it giving you a new, typically semi passive or passive ability. Abilities in the same row synergise, so if you put one point into defence, and another into dodge, they both gain a small bonus number of points, but this wont happen if you put a point into dodge and labour as they aren't in the same row. it makes you specialize your characters, which is a bit limiting, but not terrible. Monsters that you can recruit also come with unique abilities as well that humans and orcs cannot possess.Overall, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bonds is an extremely great indie rpg. It has beautiful pixle graphics with detail and care everywhere. The combat is simple and addictive. The story, while simple, is engaging enough to keep me interested throughout. The story relevent characters are mostly very good, and well defined, which is an impressive feat when you realize most of them get maybe one or two scenes to actually talk properly and such. I love this game, despite some of its flaws, and would whole heartedly recommend this game to anyone looking for a fantasy style XCOM game or just a good fantasy turn based rpg in general."
76561198073264182,Recommended,486720,25611765,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,LittleOrca,"Good game that's worth the purchase price. If you're into tactical, turn-based RPGs that don't shy away from more mature themes such as crime (who are we kidding in this age with GTA) and sexuality, this would be a good addition.Recommended with many rubber stamps!Pros:Simple and easy to understand story. There's some lore regarding the game world in-game that's relevant to the story to satisfy those who enjoy knowing more details about the fantasy world they're playing.Well-paced combat system.Character customisation - definitely a lot of optiions for such a small-scale, pixelart game. You can also make your own sprite if you don't like what's available.Party member bonding. This is extra story, extra lore, extra goodies.Secrets to discover, loot to find, and easter eggs to come across.Music is nice.Cons:You either level too fast (leader mode in options), or you level too slow (party mode in options).Things that need careful planning at the start, like manpower, assigning level-up points, and combat tactics, become perhaps too easy at high levels. There are very few things that can threaten a high level party and one of them is luck.Overall: it's fun. It's not for everyone, but will give those who enjoy turn-based RPGs many hours of entertainment."
76561198004973671,Recommended,486720,23697944,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Balmora Blue,"Like Gachimuchi with swords. At first, you would think this pure gem is only for those who spend their days salivating at huge dong pictures on deviantart but it's absolutely not.- Amazing character creation screen- Ability to import sprites- Unique companions- Challenging yet simple combat- Immersive story involving horse thieves"
76561198009778884,Recommended,486720,34264874,Posted: 15 August,all,Chpringles,I heard there was gay orcs and I was not dissapointed.
,Recommended,486720,23715720,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,The British Wolf,"At first glance, B*stard Bonds seems like a normal turn-based RPG. The usual run-of-the-mill story of saving something or killing something else with all the normal RPG items like leveling, inventory management and micromanagement of your bases (eventually). However, there's something unspoken about the game that seems to draw you in. Not at first, no, at first you'll start off roughly, die a couple of times, begin to resent magic (which is a disturbing tread in RPGs nowadays), you may even wanna rage quit because ""Oh my god, I just got murdered by a group of nutcases running around naked and howling at the moon!!! ARGH!!!"". But then... You get over the 'Tutorial hump' (the early moments in an RPG when things go slow and are as fun as grinding your face against gravel). Then you start to kill things faster, cleaning up maps. You find a new fort, finally get to sell those coins you picked up 4 hours ago because you thought they'd fetch a good price (along with all the other junk you horded to sell).It's here, at this point, that you begin to enjoy yourself. Your crew somehow click better, monsters don't hit as hard, attack land more, you praise your allies even if they're not the same alignment as you cos, hey, he pulled off several reckless attack chain and never fumbled, he deserves praise. You find NPCs you made, unlock story segments about characters you actually start to get attached to. When someone's down in battle, you can't help but feel your attacks have a little bit more malice against the SOB who took down your buddy. Simply put, the second you start to feel power in this game, you get sucked in. You're not power, you can die at any moment and you'll get served time and time again if you don't manage your allies right, but you can't help but enjoy the moment.It's not the best game, it'll drive you insane for the first few hours, but it's seriously good when things go right. Indepth customization of sprites, a hefty selection of strangers and freaks to partner with, a ton of battling and that ever going question of... When the bloody hell can I take that fort as my base? It isn't an easy game, it simply gets easier as you adjust to your situation and team. It's unrelenting, yet you love it.Don't believe the propaganda saying this is just smut. This is an RPG at its core, a little old with a little new, and doesn't pretty itself up like other games to please those screaming ""Think about the children!"". It is what it is, realist not smutty. Rough, but yielding.And that's something to be respected."
,Recommended,486720,25969809,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Kermode Bear,"There's some good things and bad things about this game, but the good outweighs the bad. I bought this completely on a whim.Some of the things that I enjoy:The character statistics matrix is an interesting change from standard character stats.Naked orcs. That alone makes the purchase worthwhile.Risk Mechanic. This is really the core feature of the combat system and it works well. You can take one or (usually) two actions safely per combat turn, but more than that and you run the risk of leaving yourself wide open.Game content. I've put in about 15 hours so far and I've just scratched the surface of available areas.Game lore. There's not a whole ton of it, what what I have found so far is pretty interesting. I'm going to be stealing some of the concepts for tabletop games - they're really that good.You can start out as a convicted bugger! There's other crimes of course, but I found that amusing.It's personal taste, but I generally don't enjoy pixelated graphics. These work well enough though, and things are generally identifiable.There's a few annoying issues, though:The isometric view works, kind of. I find it difficult to understand where walls are sometimes because visually it's just difficult.Path finding doesn't always work well. Sometimes creatures will get stuck in corners. I think it's a function of the area that is searched when looking for a valid path to a destination - if that were increased it might help.Certain aspects of the game are not explained very well. In particular, it took me several hours to really understand what a combat ""turn"" really meant and how Risk factored into it. I'm still trying to figure out how to best increase my strongold's capabilities. I have no idea what many item abilities do. Some simple mouse-over information, or an in-game glossary, would be extremely helpful. There's game tips shown on loading screens, but the loading screens are gone so quickly I never have time to read them!Aside from the Risk mechanic, combat isn't particularly engaging. Throw a tank up front, backed up by a ranged guy or two, and an additional melee combat guy. Rinse, repeat, hope you outlast the baddies. There's also no zones of control - you can block a doorway, but your characters will happily allow an enemy to say, ""'scuse me, I'm on my way to stab your mages"" as they slip by.Overall, 15 hours in, I'm still enjoying the game. It was obviously crafted with love, a lot of thought went into the world, and from what I understand, it's a one-orc effort on the development side. It has its blemishes but the overall experience is will worth the time.Recommended for people who enjoy turn-based combat RPGs with some lore that matters, and a touch of party and town management thrown in.*****So, having completed the game, an update!First the bad, because I'd like to end on a good note:The simplistic combat model does get tedious, and is rarely challenging. Many of the later areas in the game don't seem to serve any purpose other than filling out the map. In theory, you can get some special dialogue in a few places if you have the right person in your party, but I never really saw any hints as to who should go where, so you're left to guess.Character interaction in your party is also lacking. You can level up and talk to people and eventually get them to tell you a little bit about themselves, and that's cool, and you get this token item, but they don't seem to do anything (or I missed it somehow).The story line is also thin. The game started out with some very promising bits of lore dropped here and there, and I was very excited for more, but it just didn't really appear - not in the amount and depth that I expected, much less wanted.Some of the ""puzzles"" in the game will lead you straight to the guide, or drinking (I recommend drinking AND the guide), as there's often no real hints at all as to what you're supposed to do, or they're ""cleverly hidden.""Party building also seems to have little real value. You're required to have a certain number of people in your group at one point, but there's no real incentive to have them in your party unless you need to level them up for better camp capacity.After a while, the game starts to feel more like a chore.And perhaps the greatest crime of them all: You never get a chance to face your accusers. I was thrown in prison - and I didn't even do it! - where is my justice?! )o:Overall, a bit of a letdown. There's so much potential here, and the game was obviously crafted with love, so I can't give it a negative rating.There IS some cool stuff here, and there is a touch of the unexpected, and the early game in particular gives a wonderful sense of exploration and a list of questions that need to be answered. Some of the areas, especially a few of the smaller ones, have some great ways of telling a story without overloading you with exposition.I hope the developer makes another game. There's a great vision, it just needs some help with the execution. There's a fantastic world to explore, but we need to be able to experience it."
,Recommended,486720,23713870,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,𝒮𝒾𝓂𝑜𝓃𝐸𝓋𝑜,"This, right here, is a hidden gem of a game.It's been a long time since I've played a game with so many original ideas, such a diverse selection of characters and so well-thought-out deep lore.+ The character creator is beyond original, allowing for thousands of different looks. And if that's not enough, you can make your own pixel-art and use it as your avatar. I know everyone here has already pointed this out, but it'd be a crime not to. Also, if you've created a template character in the main menu, you'll have the chance to run into them in the game and recruit them!+ Instead of the usual RPG classes, here you have a brand, AKA a crime you've been accused of. Different crimes (and whether you're guilty or not) make for different stats, as well as different companions. And, on that note, skill trees? Ha! Here you have a skill matrix, where any point you allocate increases not only that skill, but all the skills in the same row and column. Also, as there are no ""classes"", there are no restrictions either. You want to make your newly-recruited sasquatch a mage? Or a tiny goblin an indestructible tank? Go wild!+ Thanks to the two previous points, replayability is through the roof. Different character with different companions can find completely different secrets and details in the same location, so no two playthroughs will be the exact same.+ The world map is huge, and you're mostly free to go wherever you want. Some places are full of enemies, some are peaceful zones. A lot of them have bits of lore, and some have unique dialogues with your companions (if you bring them along, that is).+ The turn-based combat system is not overcomplicated, but has a unique risk system, allowing you to pray to RNGesus for extra turns.+ (spoilers just in case)Any game that has an ending that is capable of driving me to a brink of tears is a great game in my book. This is definitely a great game. Not just that, but there are multiple endings, also every companion of yours gets a closure of their own, based on their relationship with you and your choices made along the plot.The only things I was not a huge fan of are as follows:- The music is not very varied. It's great, don't get me wrong, but it wouldn't hurt to add some more themes. Especially battle themes.- Sometimes you'll have to grind some manpower in order to recruit more people (= powerlevel the companions with high utility stat). It's not excruciatingly long, but can be a bit frustrating. Also it undermines the stronghold feature a bit - you need manpower not only for recruiting, but also for hiring services. Being unable to hire a blacksmith because you just moved to a bigger stronghold is not fun.Overall, I can't recommend this game enough. I will definitely look forward to the author's next projects... And hope for the sequel, of course. =D"
76561198068957313,Recommended,486720,23600931,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Meatspin,"I've been looking for an RPG that has something unique, something that (at least for me) is missing from other RPGs. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bonds has it. The combat system, the leveling system, and the interface all have that special something that has been absent from every other game i've played. If you want a new take on the classic dungeon clearing RPG, this is the game that does it well."
76561198001519319,Recommended,486720,23599802,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Baijiu,Convicted of buggery and sent to an island full of men.10/10 would bugger again
,Recommended,486720,31338406,Posted: 24 April,all,Todd is Trying,"TL;DR--------A dude wanted to make a game that was what he wanted to play.  As it would have it, some people are on the same exact page, and some people think it's pointless.A Bit Longer--------To be honest, I don't know how you'd feel about this game.  It's really hard for the first few hours, and once you get your team composition in order, you're going to be using a similar strategy for the next 70~100.  But it doesn't get boring.  Positioning is hard and once you unlock stealth then engagements change completely.What I can tell you is that I had (and still am) having a blast playing this game.  It's fun to play Bara Pokemon later in the game, and collect the Legendary weapons.Also, what a lot of people don't say in these reviews, is that if you pay attention, there's Untertale-level thematic lesson learning in the game.  You'll learn why you really should be able to ""forgive and forget"" because if you don't, you don't know what you may be forcing the people you turn down to turn to...My Awards:----------------- Infuriating- One More Turn- Confusing and Confounding- Loot pacing- Basically not a normal vidya"
76561198009173518,Recommended,486720,28972237,Posted: 3 January,all,Something completely different,"This game is a bit of an odd fish if you ask me. Takes some getting used to but when you do you´re probably realising what a treat this game is (or could be if the negatives were smoothed away) soon after. It´s hard to describe what exactly makes this game what it is though but I will do my best anyways:Good:Character creator -> Never saw a game that had such an original character creator. Basicly you select who your character is, how he or she looks and you distribute some skills in one of the nine skills.Skills -> This looks very simple at first but when you get further in the game you realise how important your choices are. Not only do you need to be good at a lot of things to make a party that can get anywhere, you also need to keep an eye on alignment and even moreso on manpower which you need to find better spots to bunk down in with your gang.Exploration -> So much to see, so much to do. Many great adventures await. I also like how you start with about nothing and slowly claw your way up by any means you deem necesarry.Variety: You can recruit almost everyone and everything with patience and luck which really adds to the replay value of this little gem.The not so good:Interface -> You regularely can't see where you are going and in combat this is especially jarring.Even more annoying is the fact there is no readily avaideble list of what item properties mean. When I find a staff with 'Waste' or 'Spellrisk' on it I want to see what that means when I hover over the item not having to alt tab and google it. This is really, really poorly designed if you ask me. How hard can it be to add at the very least a list in the game somewhere with item properties?Design -> I can understand the game doesn't look great and I can live with that but information in the game is poorly presented as well. You often can find very important information only at certain spots you can't always access (like in your camp.) You also have no idea about hit chances or damage when you target an enemy. No sir, you don't. Infact, I feel like I have little idea about many things when playing this game.Bonding -> I really love having to visit characters in my camp to talk to them WHEN THEY TRAVEL WITH ME ALL OF THE TIME AND I CAN'T SPEAK WITH THEM THEN. And when I do they always tell me the same boring line. If I do this umperteen times they bond with me and I need to bond with people to finish a certain boss. This is a nice idea but the implementation makes it a chore and thus it's really detracting from fun.Despite the rather glaring issues this game still manages to be a lot of fun and that makes it odd. But with some simple fixes such as an item property list added (or better, give the info when hovering over the trait with the mouse), some more variety when bonding and a bit more lore and information about what you're doing this game could be a GOTY for me. Or atleast indie GOTY.Right now it's just good and I'd only recommand it to people who like vague turn based combat exploration games."
76561198236729756,Recommended,486720,24240657,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,SerEspresso,"Let me start this off by saying I absolutely loved this game. It was a game I was initially nervous to purchase... it was an Indie game and a kind of expensive...but the trailer was very intriguing. A game that appeared to check every box in my wants in a game. Anyway here is a quick rundown of what I liked and disliked about the game.Pro's:-Combat that is both strategic and simple.-A story that is easy to follow, but still has decent lore.-A loveable cast of characters.-Ample amount of customization and choice.-A vast continent of completely unique locations and events.-Sexy orc's.-AMAZING detail, you can tell this game was a labor of love.Con's:-A somewhat short main storyline.-While I fell in love with all of the companion's, I felt like I wanted more interaction/development.I would definitely give this game a 9.5/10. I 100%'ted it, maxed out the badges... and one of the companions is my avatar at the moment... if it says anything about it. I won't lie I am probably biased in my opinion because this game was great for me personally, not many games out there appeal to gay guys... and mean it anyway. But I feel like the game is still playable no matter your sexuality... I mean gay guys have been locked into playing ""straight"" games for years. I wait in anticipation for more from bigfingers.ca!"
,Recommended,486720,23909942,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Ben Smash,"This game is excellent. The tactics are simple, the battles are challenging and there's a subtle bit of humor mixed in. I have to mention that if you're a min/maxer you're probably not going like this game too much as having a well rounded character with one or two strengths has served me very well. There's no real grind but it definitely doesn't hurt to level up your characters as they will serve you at your base quite well. Don't expect to be a badass right out of the gate as you start from meager beginnings.My only real gripe is that the manual, really lack thereof, is not enough. I have a ton of questions about how to play this game and they are not answered really in depth.This is totally worth the money and I plan on playing this as much as possible as I am really really enjoying it. There's honestly very little like this out there and, believe me, I've been searching."
76561198095133777,Recommended,486720,30346990,Posted: 5 March,all,filcix le chat,So if you want a game where you:1. gather a group of peeps2. fight the the government3. unlock your friends tragic backstory4. LOOK AT A DONG FOR 27 HOURS OR MORE5. feel strong sometimesthan buy it it supports a cool guy.
,Recommended,486720,32940292,Posted: 28 June,all,Rabidkiller,"I have quite a bit to left in the game and so far it's a good game. The fights are quick and easy to understand after a few tries. Manpower is essential for getting better bases/strongholds. The stories that you can unlock are very interesting to read and I'm glad that games like this can exist. Yes it can be as homoerotic as you want it to be, but you can always just play with the oppsite sex chars if you have a problem with it. Idk why people have such a problem with it since it's an island for prisoners. Lonely prisoners apparently. Either way if you like a good turn based strategy game this is a good one to pick and support the developer who's very outspoken and I love it. :D"
,Recommended,486720,31054120,Posted: 9 April,all,GlitterGroin,Almost everything is naked.
76561198149198659,Recommended,486720,23662568,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Battle_Rooster,"Great game. Very unique with a good premise. Character creation/development is excellent, and it provides something fresh. You should expect it to be lower budget, it is an indie game so the graphics are retro and it does have a few user interface quirks. But those are far from game breaking.Buy it for the tactics, stick around for the story.Definitely recommended."
76561198015202028,Recommended,486720,23682728,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Mr. Worldwide,"Bought it late last night, ended up playing for 6 hours straight the next day without ever getting bored. It has it's flaws but the gameplay is sweet and serene."
,Recommended,486720,23660285,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Spinach,"A very interesting game to say the least.The stronghold mechanics are probably the coolest part of the game aside from the character editor which every character you make can appear randomly in the game some where.I recommend trying the demo, it got me hooked and I bought the game and I'm loving it."
,Recommended,486720,28089224,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Pickpocket,"This game is really, really gay. And that's ok.8/10 because, although you can become friends with your men and women, the system is very shallow. I would love to have a much more intricate intimacy system in place, where we get to learn even more about the members of our band and can progress beyond 'just friends'. I'm talkin' BFF's, and more romance options. The characters in a game like this are just as important to me as the gameplay itself."
,Recommended,486720,31008439,Posted: 7 April,all,Foxcub Wendigo,"A brilliant, fun (but hard) RPG. Definitely one for the hardcore RPG fan.Fair warning, though: There is both male and female nudity. Mostly male, though."
76561198072235463,Recommended,486720,24341691,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,cannoneerc,"This is a fantastic game for a mature audience.  I cannot recommend it enough.  The skill system is well-conceived and easy to understand, but open to a wide variation of characters.  The game is made up of vignettes - many of which are terrific - which allow you to play for 15 minutes or forever.  The world is populated with fleshed-out companions, generic recruits, and, awesomely, conscripted monsters.  You can claim various maps for strongholds, allowing you to hire various help.If there is a weakness, it is the lack of a strong plot.  The player is given enormous leeway to wander the game, but the trade-off is a less structured plot.  Again, there are vignettes and nice moments with companions, but nothing sustained over the length of the game.When I look at the other reviews, I don't see criticisms as much as I see a wish list.  That is encouraging.  You don't ask for the impossible.  You only ask for what you think can be done.   And I think Big Fingers can do a lot.What is on my wish list?  Only two things, really.  First, a stronger plot.  There's never going to be another Planescape: Torment.  I recognize that it would actually be really hard to impose a plot within the structure of the game, but it would be nice.  Second, a more complex stronghold system.  It is really neat to claim half or more of the maps for your stronghold.  But I would prefer to have less available stronghold maps but more complicated strongholds.  I would love to restore Ruins of a Royal Court or the Ebony Tower!  Maybe run Hotel Zisa or the Brimstone Lodge.  I think Big Fingers could do better than NWN2's Crossroad Keep.But take it as a great compliment that I am pointing Big Finger at some of the best games of all time."
76561198032702483,Recommended,486720,26950808,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Iyasenu,"A fun tactical RPG at its basics, with an interesting twist with the Reckless Action system quite literally balancing ""Risk"" with reward.The character creation choices offer a variety of body types, hairstyles, and outfits, all in colors of your choices, choosing between Male or Female Humans or be a Male Orc!You can customize your character's background and personality through what crime your character is being sent to the Island of Lukatt and whether or not they're guilty or innocent, and these choices will determine what units the character can recruit and how well others will get on with them.If I have any complaints, there is a lack of variety when it comes to NPC dialogue.Most NPCs and Units will have only one thing they'll say for every conversation, and this won't change until you've Bonded with them, in which case they'll change to another thing they'll say for every conversation.And given that you'll need to talk with a unit multiple times to Bond with them, you're looking at a lot of ""Hey, how are ya? Okay, bye!"" with no differences in between.Granted, the random lines your units can say while exploring and their actual Bonding scenes build on the characters' backgrounds and personalities enough and are definitely nice touches.My first playthrough took me quite a while, since I was exploring all over the map trying to find side-quests and events, recruiting and bonding with the characters' I'd been able to find and I had a ton of fun.Yet, I still have a lot to see in this game, so I'm keen on starting a new game with a new character.And in doing so, any character you've previously created has a chance of showing up as a recruitable character in your current game!I definitely recommend this game, as long as you can deal with some (pixel) nudity (quite a lot being male) and mature themes."
76561198068364381,Recommended,486720,23635805,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,mschuetz,Solid game. I don't agree with people saying it's similar to tactics ogree or final fantasy tactics but it has nice battle mechanics of its own and an interesting stronghold system.
,Recommended,486720,26209533,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,10Snipershot,"Fun combat. A storyline. Lots of content. A huge map. Lots of characters. A lot of secrets.The game is a well made one.The only real issue with it is the lack of difficulty. The first few levels are hard, and fun. But, as you progress, it gets easier...and easier...and easier..However, due to the storyline, the lack of difficult combat doesn't hinder the game, in my opinion. I still enjoy it, as I enjoy learning more about the story.The countless number of locations and characters to meet only adds to it all."
76561197966287779,Not Recommended,486720,33594094,Posted: 16 July,all,Xenrathe,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bonds is a 2d sprite-based tactical RPG that I really wanted to like but that I ultimately couldn't get behind. While it plays smoothly, it suffers from a severe lack of substance, depth, and complexity, what we might call the Indie Threadbare Effect. By this I mean, the systems - the skeleton - are in place to make the game good, but there just isn't enough meat on the bones to satisfy, by comparison to other games with larger budgets and/or manpower behind them.So basically ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bonds works similarly to other tactics/strategies RPGs. There's a big overworld - the prison island you've been exiled to - with various points of interest that represent maps you can visit. When you visit the map and clear it, connected maps unlock. Some maps lack enemies and are cleared simply by exploration, but most maps are cleared by killing all enemies on them. As such, combat constitutes the vast majority of what you do in this game.Now that's no problem for me, as I like combat, but the combat here is very simplistic. Essentially, you'll have a party of four characters and you have FOUR options what to do on each character's turn. If you left click an empty tile, you'll move there. If you right click an enemy, you'll attack. If you right click yourself, you'll defend. Eventually, if you right click an ally, you'll heal them. That is, literally, it. Those are your three/four options at the beginning of the game. Those are your three/four options at the end of the game. Very threadbare tactical opportunities. Now there is a ""Risk"" system in place to spice this up, in which you can hold shift to act ""Recklessly."" This allows you to make your move more quickly (and thus get in more attacks before the enemy can do anything) but at danger of failing, which causes that character's turn to end and makes him more vulnerable to damage. Obviously the idea is a risk vs. reward.Unfortunately, this system fails to spice things up because the enemy AI is incredibly simplistic. They always attack the closest character. ALWAYS.Basically, therefore, every combat goes like this: you have one character (a tank) who stands out front and defends. Meanwhile, your three other characters stand slightly back and constantly use reckless ranged attacks to deal damage with impunity. This is the best strategy - and an obvious one at that - to win every battle.You can see the problem here. The game is 90% combat and combat is very shallow. The strategy is obvious and never changes, from beginning to end. This is in turn compounded by the fact that the narrative/story is more or less absent. I made it about 1/3rd to 1/2 of the way through the game and encountered only the barest minimum of lore and/or backstory. For example, in order to ""bond"" with allies, you need to chat with them at your base-camp about twenty or so times. However, your ally's dialogue never changes (that I saw, anyway). I mean, think about that: the designer made a game system that requires you to talk to your companions... but then made that conversation identical every time. That speaks volumes, doesn't it?For all these reasons, I eventually faced a truth that I had been hoping would not come to light: I was playing a Watch-Numbers-Go-Up Simulator. At that point, I quit the game. A couple weeks later, I wrote this review, and I know I made the right choice in spending my gaming time on richer fare."
76561198027994280,Recommended,486720,26558172,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Ismaru,"Though probably appealing to a very niche group, I really enjoyed this game a lot!Pro'sCool art style, with very much attention to detail (which is impressive to do with such pixelated graphics). The character creator is insanely detailed which is a huge plus. Enemies also had multiple sprites, so that one kobold doesn't look like the next one. That's a nice touch!Very unique take on tactics game, through it's risk system. It's awesome as it adds some depth to the game without making it unnecessarily hard.I liked the mature take on things. It's an island full of criminal men,of coursethere's swearing and things happening when people drop the soap. What'd you expect?!The storyline is pretty unique and told through a lot of text with background art. I liked that the developer chose to tell a good story rather than make 3 fancy video's and have the story be bad.It's got a simple, yet great stats/skills system, allowing you to build your character in very different ways. You can even reroll stats to make your perfect team.There's a lot of characters to recruit for your team (and you can even recruit your enemies sometimes), and a bunch of them even have a short storyline and unique art.You can literally make your own characters via sprites that you can add into the game, or use the detailed character creator to also create some extra NPC's. I ended up walking around with a gem paladin called Taric and a barely dressed green hulk called Blanka.Here's a pic of them:DThe game music is really great. It really added to the atmosphere of the various locations. I often caught myself remembering the tunes outside of the game.ConsThe main storyline progress is clunky. The story starts off great, really setting the tone right, then the game basically says ""go to the other side of the map and recruit 20 characters"". 95% of my time spent on the main storyline was that part and only then the storyline continued in a good pace again, only to end in what felt like an hour later. As a whole the story was great, but I'm just dissapointed with the flow.People that like a tactics games, sprite art AND mature content (specifically swearing and optional male-on-male content) are very few and I feel that is unfortunate for the game as it's really great, but probably results into people holding off to buy it because of one of those three elements. But I really think that those with an open mind could still enjoy this nonetheless.Endgame balance seemed like an issue. After having spent hours on unlocking almost every place on the map bar a few, I had not even maxxed out a single stat even on characters that purely focused on one stat. By the time I killed the final boss even my pure characters still had two skills to unlock for their stats. Yet the endgame encounters were easily blazed through with my team. I feel like it should be easier to max out even just one of the stats, but on the other hand I fear it'd result in characters becoming too overpowered.Though this game is definitely for specific tastes, it's an awesome game that shouldn't be overlooked by anyone that enjoys a great tactics game. I personally had a great time playing this and and will very likely return to it later to do more playthroughs with infinitely customizable groups.Was this review useful to you?Please check out the Izzy Reviews Curator pagefor regular updates on reviews for other games!"
76561198063863033,Recommended,486720,31352092,Posted: 24 April,all,Popinfresh,"When I first saw ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bonds my expectations were low. My expectations dropped even further when I saw the claims made by the developer. Very few HIGH budget games were/are capable of acheiving such things. But the promises were aluring and the graphical style was simple, polished and well chosen. Then I started the game. Good. God. The options for character creation were again simple but in-depth and the choices and consequences of the crime chosen, your plea, and your actual guilt or innocence are a great addition. The combat was, again, simple, polished and open to surprising depth. Left click always moves in battle and Right click always interacts. Abilities that heal the user and surrounding allies, a slightly difficult to memorize alignment system (elemental alignment that is) can confer boosts and status effects on attacks, as well as increased defense and attack to one alignment and lowered to another. These provide even more tactical options to play and tinker with. Now about the grand promises.... By jove they actualy delivered! Recruiting people provides manpower contributions which  allow one to take over better ""camps"" (in essence bases) where extra help for various tasks can be hired. The map is also a nice, large size providing choices on your next destination. A rather briliant game that utilises what should have been its weeknesses (lower budget, simple art and music) and creates a sublime experiance showcasing some of the best aspects of small developers. Whilst I have used the word ""simple"" multiple times no disrespect or criticism is intended, it is the simplicity that makes each element shine, like a well polished gem. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bonds might not be for everyone, but if it piques your interest, by gods, you should take the plunge. A magnificent game awaits."
,Recommended,486720,31498070,Posted: 1 May,all,jenn_geoffroy,"A fun little gem filled with good little ideas and game mechanics, and a rather nice story, characters and setting. Mature warning is merited, as the humor, illustrations and situations are adult (without being juvenile, glad to say), and for that moment when my nine year old glanced over my shoulder to find out what I was playing just as I met my first incubus and succubus. Groan.There are a ton of mini-zones where combat or exploration happens. Some last only a few minutes, most not more than half an hour. They are not procedurally generated, and many have a small story, sometimes funny, sometimes tragic, to be found by exploration, reading or simply using your imagination. And monsters! Sooooo many variations of monsters. I'm a fantasy/mythology buff, but even I had to look a few up. In addition to the ton of different monsters, each can come in a variety of armor and dress. And undress. Lots of nudity and pixelated dongs around, but as someone who was always vaguely irritated when other games' yetis, giants, trolls and non-sentient humanoid monsters inexplicably came complete with loincloths, I had zero problem with it.Fights are simple and fast, while the risk meter mechanic adds both a bit of randomness and the ability to gamble with same, which makes fights still fairly strategic. (Note that the first tutorial dungeon is a bit harder than the rest, perhaps to teach you the risk meter management the hard way. After that, it's easier) I do miss contact physics - you won't be able to bottleneck the bad guys in this game - but neither can your guys trip over each other (which is good, path finding does suck a bit).One thing I particularly like: you have to manage your health and potions in the combat zones, but if you've run out of potions, you can simply leave and heal. You gain exponential XP for staying and finishing the zone, so you're rewarded for prepardness and potion management, but if you're in a tougher zone for your level and you need to heal - or go empty your CRUELLY limited inventory - you can still do so by simply backtracking and leaving. Your progress is saved for your next attempt. Another good idea: zones respawn their enemies in time, which is useful in case you want to grind up a new companion character's level, but since you don't need to enter the zones to pass them by, this means you can ignore them if you don't want to grind or farm. It's such a great idea- why don't more devs do this?!?!The story is good, it unfolds quite organically, moving the goal post further and further as you realize just how screwed your poor character and his friends are. I also like the setting, the way the author thought out orc society and the impact of its gender imbalance on all fronts of life, from legal to domestic.My only negative is that many of the characters seem interesting despite their one-line dialogue, you want to get to know them, but the friendship mechanics are perhaps a bit too hard for characters you meet in the second half of the game. I only managed to bond with one after the halfway point, after I wiped him and hit him with a love potion. The characters in the second half of the game are conversely the more interesting ones ;_; If the dev tweaks that to make it a bit easier, I'd be grateful, and it'd certainly help replayability.Good game all in all, no buyer's regret."
,Recommended,486720,25472873,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Shinoda★Kuma,"I've spent around 60 Hours for my first real playthrough and I have to say I never ever regrets spending this much time playing this game.And I'm currently create my new character for my second round of this game too lolIt's imple yet addictive, Risk system also makes the different from any other turn-base strategy game as well.The game seems so difficult to play at first but once you've learn all the basic and how to manage risk guage in actual combat it's very addictive.The good thing about this game is you can edit your own army appearance by using character creation template and hire them later in the game, as well as convince creatures and enemy to become you ally.9/10"
,Recommended,486720,33302105,Posted: 5 July,all,Darius Cross,"Short answer,If the only thing holding you back is the nudity (was my worry, thought I wouldn't be able to take it seriously), it’s not a big deal, and the game is so much more than that. Buy it!Long answer,If you loved games like FFT and Tactics Ogre, you’ll love this game. Bast*rd Bonds doesn’t use a class system, but instead uses a skill tree system that allows making a character however you want them to be. Split builds, pure builds, and even godly builds (everything maxed out) are all options. (Godly build would require changing the game difficulty to match the level of your leader, unless you have nothing else going on for the next 20 years.)Bast*rd Bonds is fun, a little sexy, and fresh. I was unsure if I could take playing the game with all the random wangs flying about (gay here, but doesn’t want to drown in them), however, that wasn’t really an issue. You get over the random jingle and the mixed amount of clothing on characters adds a lot to the variety. If you like a little mystery on your man, you can have him mostly naked, with a tattered bottom. If you want a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ army, also possible. Bondage brigade? It’s in there. It really keeps the sprites feeling fresh, and allows you to be picky about what ‘type’ you want to hire.You can combine weapons into stronger items, and eventually souls (used for gates), you get to build your own lead character, nudity being optional. The game can feel a bit easy, until you wander into the wrong place with your party and get your favorite character murdered from behind. *Looks directly at the cabin from evil dead.* Thanks, for that.Almost forgot, love the music. Sat with it playing and just listened to it for a while.Love the game, and can’t wait for a sequel. My only regret is that my zombie didn’t make it past a certain plot point, maybe our love wasn’t strong enough."
76561198013674073,Recommended,486720,23720255,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Sedelf,"It's pretty good, not going to lie. I've lately been into pixel graphics, so saw this and was like ""oooh, shiny."" Read up on a bit, decided I like the way it sounds, and I gave it a try. Then 6 hours later I'm just kind of like ""what's the day, where am I"" and that's how I got hooked.Pros:Awesome pixel graphics.Character creation is legit.The soundtrack fits the game, and is just... So good.Gameplay is fun. Simple, but fun.Diversity in characters, wooo!EDIT: I forgot to mention the Strongholds! It's a pretty simple system, but nice touch.Cons:Depending on your playstyle, there might be sudden difficulty spikes or a crap load of repetition. But there's ways around that by spicing up gameplay by throwing in different party members, going different routes (for those that love to farm exp and loot, areas you clear do respawn after a bit, so can have it with the grind!) and just using different tactics.The bond system for party members, where you get to know them and have cool dialogue, is pretty barebones (mind you, what's there is good, but there isn't a lot :c ). Didn't really bother me much, but if you're looking at this game expecting a lot of that (like, Mass Effect/Dragon Age type stuff) I got some bad news for ya.fun fact:It took me like 3 minutes to figure out the UI because I wasn't really being observant. You have your weapon, armor, and accessory slot by your character portrait on the bottom of the screen, where it shows your attributes. You'll see the sword, shield, and hammer icons. You drag the weapon to the sword, armor to the shield, and accessory (like rings, shields, boots, torches, etc) into the hammer icon. Just to save any impatient people out there the trouble of having that short moment of ""HOW THE HELL DO I EQUIP STUFF."""
76561197990804132,Recommended,486720,23641508,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,GR4V3,"I really want this title to succeed, and while I see a lot of good work put into development, there is one item that makes me uneasy.The whole game feels a lot like those old very-nude artworks from the 80s'/90s' and I'm loving this part of the game. Pixel art is great and pretty much spot-on, while the game would benefit from some attack/casting animations - the game is in a good place right now.Music score is great - sets up the atmosphere for monster slaying.Combat mechanics and core gameplay are okay. Honestly, they're more interesting than what we've recently seen in similar titles these past few years.In my opinion, the only thing that takes away from the title is the oversexualized loadscreen and some promotional graphics, which are basicly softcore pornography. It distracts and makes the experience feel cheap."
,Recommended,486720,28368725,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,gabeygabe,"Isometric turn-based tactics and optional pixelated nudity. I would seriously prefer if these were honest descriptors of my life as a whole. I love Final Fantasy Tactics and Tactics Ogre, so the turn-based, pixels, and endless cast of characters are right up my ally.Also, colloquially around the house, this game is known as ""Naked Orcs."" I mean who doesn't like to spend a few evenings per week with Naked Orcs amirite or amirite?EDIT: It's worth mentioning straight up that I love this game, if that wasn't clear."
,Recommended,486720,28795215,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,gunsage,"Get accused of a crime you may or may not have commited, plead innocence or accept guilt, and then get shipped off to a prison island of death.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMj8AorvH_wAlthough there are games that have done this before, this is by far one of my favorites.  It plays out as sort of a roguelike SRPG that looks and feels very similar to a quick paced isometric Fire Emblem of sorts.  If ANY of this sounds like a good time, do yourself a favor and pick this up right away."
,Recommended,486720,27957210,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kalil,"So having put about 30 hours into the game and completed the first 'act' (of three, I think), I can recommend  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bonds with few reservations.It is, mechanically, a very clever game, adding a few simple mechanics to the standard 'tactical RPG' formula of Disgaea and FFT that make a pretty significant difference.  The most notable of these additions is the 'risk' mechanic.  Each character can take a 'normal' action, which executes and then ends their turn, or a 'risky' action which has a chance of failure based on how much risk the character has accumulated that turn, but does /not/ end their turn.  This leads to turns-within-turns that feel somewhat similar to the ATB system of FFX (different risk actions push characters different distance down the queue within a turn).  Failing a risky action results in a fumble, ending that characters turn and giving them a defense penalty.  Filling the characters risk meter to full ends the turn and puts that character into Defense status, which boosts defense and also can have some pretty significant other effects depending on your skill build (notably party healing and debuff removal).The skill/leveling system is also very clever.  At each level you gain a 'skill point', which can be place on one of the 9 skills, laid out on a 3x3 grid.  Somewhat counterintuitively, however, doing so does not directly boost the skill it is placed on.  Instead, it raises the controlling stat for that row and column - so placing a point in 'Ward' will raise the 'Defense' column and 'Magic' row by one point.  The skill itself is then determined by multiplying the relevant row times the relevant column.  This can lead to some counterintuitive results - for example, my main character has placed all his points in Fight (which is in the 'Force' row) and Ward and Dodge (which are in the 'Defense' column).  This has made his highest skill the intersection of Defense and Force: Guard, despite not having placed a single point directly in the Guard skill.Skills themselves unlock perks at certain breakpoints,  These perks can be pretty game-changing - things like granting AoE to your spell attacks, allowing your 'Defense' action to heal, or increasing opponents risk on a successful attack.The game throws a lot of party members at you, and there is a somewhat complex stronghold management overlayer for controlling your party capacity and various 'services' (vendors, storage space, extra inventory, crafting).  This is somewhat weakened in that I haven't felt a lot of need to use a variety of party members, I tend to stick with roughly the same group composition (Tank/DPS/Mage/Utility).  Even when I do switch party members around, I generally trade equipment and roles, so it doesn't 'feel' much different.The plot is somewhat unusual.  It starts with the Elder Scrolls hook of 'convicted of a crime and sent to a distant land', but it /sticks/ with the whole criminal thing - nearly everyone you encounter is there for the same reason, hence the '♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ bonds' title.  There isn't a whole lot of overt cutscene-style plot, but there is a /lot/ of environmental storytelling, which feels pretty well done.  Overall, I've enjoyed that side of the game as well.My biggest complaint about the game is that it breaks down a bit at high levels.  There are two mechanics for determining enemy/area level: either it is based on your average party level, including hte levels of the party members you don't use back at base, or it is based upon your leaders level.  The former means that areas can be pretty dramaticallly underlevels compared to your active party.  The latter causes you to level up extremely fast.  At around level 50, enemies gain access to a bunch of new passive abilities - notable, about a third of the enemies in the game get the extraordinarily dangerous 'disarm' ability that removes one of your three pieces of equipment (including your armor, which is often an immediate Game Over) and/or the annoying 'invincibility' ability that doesn't add a whole lot to difficulty, but causes battles to take unneccessary amount of time.  Having played both ways, I'd reccomend sticking to the default 'party' level mode, because these late-game mechanics are pretty game-breaking.  It's unfortunate, because unlocking high-level skills is really fun.The game has fairly overt gay themes and a lot of beefcake (including some little pixel ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s).  If that is enough of a turn-off to change your mind, well...  I've put up with Morrigans and Lulus and Night Elves busting out of woefully inadequate brassieres all over the place.  I've rolled my eyes over cliched (straight) romance after cliched (straight) romance after cliched (straight) romance.  Every once in a while, I even enjoyed them (<3 Yuna and Tidus, for example).  So...  Get over it, and give the game a chance.  It deserves it."
76561198040830754,Recommended,486720,23638724,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,marc.conway,"Fantastic game, great music and I love the sprite editor. Writing seems to be very good too."
76561198003444346,Recommended,486720,23649072,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Freak-Sauce,Pleaded guilty to Necromancy.Got a zombie for my first companion.Best game ever.
,Recommended,486720,23620618,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Cablenexus,"Yes. This is a recommendation for you my friends. This game is clearly made by someone very talented who have had the change to make a game exactly the way he wants and succeeds. Non political correct, non conform standard gaming experience with obscure and mature setting, a very stable game with very fun non-complex mechanism to let you explore floors with your custom team while you have to encounter tactical battles and hunt for loot.The amount hours someone invest to bring us this product must be huge. It's all very clear handcrafted pixel art combined with a character generator that can combine pieces of pixel art to create an almost unlimited anount of models.On the devs website you can download a demo to try the game. I bought it almost instantly afterwards. You can find some nice let's play on YT and you can read some of the other reviews but this is just one game you can't skip if you want a fresh, adult dungeon crawler just very well done.Artwork, soundtrack and fun factor are all there. What I hope is that when the game get's a wider audience the devs will be able to create new locations or a endless/random/skirmish mode in the future as an update or DLC in the future."
76561198047752404,Recommended,486720,24995330,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,vzvox,"Fun game. Love the level of sprite customization and the variety of monsters. You can recruit(catch) just about all of the monsters(pokemon) you come across. You can also spare their life in return for an item, sometimes a valuable one. The ""risk"" combat system is simple while still allowing for a fair amount of strategy. There's also a good amount of interesting side stories and characters. After figuring out the basic mechanics of the game, which took longer than it should have, the game became 15% story, 15% combat and 70% collecting items/monsters(this does involve combat too obv)The only issue I really had with the game was how easy the combat was. I only died to traps that I didn't see coming or by doing impatient things like using my squishy characters to blindly go around corners. There was never a time where I had to spend a few minutes devising a strategy to beat enemies, which was a let down because I like a challenging game. Having two tanks with healing aura and a trait like unsettling makes the game laughably easy, probably because enemies will just attack whatever is standing next to them.Overall, I really enjoyed the game. Definitely worth $20 for the amount of entertainment I've gotten out of it. I'm temporarily burnt out on it but I'll come back to it in the future."
,Recommended,486720,31986853,Posted: 26 May,all,TL,Worth checking out. Plot elements that are not afraid of coloring outside of mainstream lines. And a good amount of game content.
76561198024986052,Recommended,486720,23741198,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Fore,"Surprisingly good. Hadn't come into this expecting to start three different playthroughs and dump a whole afternoon into playing this. Whatever the content looks like in your eyes, you'll probably enjoy this turn based rpg."
76561197969282546,Recommended,486720,23712218,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,nobody,"If you enjoy old school open world (C-)RPGs, this is for you. Truly innovative gameplay which to explain right would take more than a mere paragraph. While you actively only choose one out of 9 skills, the 4 skills in the same row and column gain a smaller, but not insignificant boost. This allows you to choose your strengths, but not give up variety. Depending on your preference, of course.Combat is pretty innovative - or rather old school - in that positioning matters a lot. Combat isn't easy, but also not hard. If you can't beat a fight, you can just come back later once you've got better equip or better skills.You are also able to set up and manage strongholds which offer some useful and fun features. This strategic level, however, is not near as deep as the combat. It suits the game very well, but it doesn't turn into a genre mix. It stays a combat focused RPG.Speaking of which, as far as I've played plot seems to be rather sparse. The game's universe is very intriguing though and you learn about it bit by bit. It defies a lot of standards and cliches, without becoming too alien.Great game. Do buy if you enjoy challenging, open RPGs.Edit: After 20-30 more hours I have to add a caveat: As a completionist that likes to try out stuff, the core battle gameplay becomes rather lowbrow for a majority of the time, turning it into somewhat of a grind."
76561198061600472,Recommended,486720,34338692,Posted: 18 August,all,cosimoelia,"I have found in this game a little gem and I will list what I experienced:PROS- Great Pixel Art- Plenty of different and distinguished locations to explore- Lore is pretty deep and it needs to be ""scavenged""- Possibility to create custom characters that you will be able to meet on the island- Enemies can be recruited- Sountrack is enjoyable- Game price is fairCONS- Combat system is predictable and AI lacks heavily on the strategy front- Some skills are not balanced or overpowered (with Fleet you can move even more than 3-4 times in a turn and even execute an attack)- The game tends to be pretty easy even playing at Leader difficulty: characters at max level are way too powerful, enemies don't scale well- Items are many but you can easily obtain high tier ones almost at the beginningOverall I liked the game very much and I would congratulate the developer for is effort in making such a good product"
76561198019095411,Recommended,486720,25924144,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Rebecca Chambers,"I would recommend adding more romance options, I mainly stopped playing because I couldn't interact with bandmates more.This is a suggestion, but beyond that I still find myself playing the game from time to time.I loved the character customization, and the free aspect for exploring. A lot of maps to visit and a game that isn't too annoying when it comes to leveling up.I'd recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of BARA, and games like WAKFU and FF Tactics."
,Recommended,486720,23884897,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,shinsai10,"Great alternative for tactics ogre/fire emblem fans who don't like the current anime style art and prefer masculine renegades and foul mouted mercenaries/brigands. Lots of freedom in world map navigation and movement, territorial micro-management and the ability to enemy troops. A must buy and worth every penny even without a discount price."
76561198167305181,Recommended,486720,24470657,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,An Elusive Croc,"This game has literally taken over my freetime. Hell I'm even losing sleep playing this gameThis game is actually quite addicting, given you have the taste for tactical games like Fire Emblem and such. The overall story is simple and easy to follow, and the battling system is simplistic enough to get the hang of. Aside from the nudity, which may or may not be a plus, one complaint though I would have to give is the difficulty spike you may encounter in certain areas. Unless you are well equipped and high leveled, you will die numerous times and will result to grinding, which sadly takes forever depending on where you grind. To also add on, try to play this game with a guide, as there are multiple little secrets such as items, recruitable characters and such that you may miss out.If this type of game interests you, give the demo a try. Will definitely be recommending this game to my friends"
,Recommended,486720,23623892,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Losian Rooke,"At first glance and upon a relatively short amount of fiddling, this looks promising. I'm feeling optimistic about it, over all! I mostly wanted to be sure it's not a ""definite refund"" title before letting it sit too long.The character customization is decently robust, although limited to orc/human. The skill and ability management is rather interesting using a 3x3 grid setup, where anything in the same row/column contributes accordingly. The game is definitely taking a shot at a mature audience, which in my opinion is good!Some of the chatter text is a bit too often, or at least not varied enough to be that frequent. Furthermore, the initial controls and such are not at all intuitive, leaving you fumbling around a bit when you begin the game. It definitely has a lot of the jive and feel, at first glance, of FFTactics and such, though seems to lack the deep class/job/skill progression of those games, as far as I can tell at this point.Graphically it's overall.. decent to good. Biggest draw back is some of the animation is done via very tacky squash-stretch, which just looks like junk with pixel art, unfortunately. :( The pixel art is solid, although the resolution chosen is a bit off - the pixels feel a bit too big and some aspects are a bit too nondescript because of this, but overall it's not bad and has surely been done far, far worse, for hat that counts.Edit: So I finally came back to this after a while and really dug in. Overall I still leave it as a definite ""Yes!"" but it comes with a few caveats.The biggest is combat mechanics, characters, skills, etc. There just isn't enough here. Every character has a physical attack and maybe magical attack, each of which can be modified slightly by weapons (affecting mostly reach and damage, plus a potential added debuff effect) or other items (such as those that change the ""element"" of your magic) but that's it. No really choices to make, so much so that all combat is handled via right-click, because you never have more than one option based on where you are. For me, this is a crippling flaw for a turn-based tactical style game.Coupled with the fact that the AI is, frankly, pretty dumb.. well.. the combat quickly turned into a one-dimensional slog that ended up Not Very Fun (tm). I'd throw my more tank-y character up front and defend, then queue up everyone behind them with magic/reach. The AI would never fight any other character, and I'd win. Funny enough, though, it was all but necessary - enemies can hit staggeringly hard at times, and there's not much you can do to mitigate it besides positioning.. and some characters, such as Ratlings, have dramatically reduced health as a racial trait, making them incredibly too-squishy for a game like this!But with that said.. it's still pretty solid. Given the development team and the nature of the game, I still think it warrants a play for those who are curious about it and its genre. It lacks a lot of depth that, in my opinion, gives games like this the 'Fun' when it comes to their combat, but otherwise.. there's a few nitpicks but none too major. It'd be nice of the 'Labor' thing was a bit better explained, as far as how to generate it, for example.I really like the way they handle skill choices though with the 3x3 grid and spillover points, that's pretty neat! I just wish it all did a bit more and there were some choices to be made in combat besides position, bottleneck, kill. It's really the only shortcoming that really takes me out of the game, because I enjoy most every other aspect."
,Recommended,486720,28684043,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,lem951mer,"First off, this is just a solid 8/10 tactics game.Given the subject matter (super gay) the writing is so well done.  Often in games like this, the writing is really campy and not subtle in even the most remote sense.  However, the dialogue and writing here is top notch.  The unique characters have their own motivations and aren't just stereotypical archetypes.  There's one time where a random character is unsure what to do because his buddy ""wants to lay with [him]"".  If executed poorly, this whole interaction would have been eyeroll inducing but, again, the character wasn't a gay stereotype.Regarding the artwork, you can really see the love that was put into it, both sprites and character art alike.  Yes, there is some nudity but it's not shoehorned in there.  Rather, most of it is organic to what would be expected in ""real world"" situations.  I mean, a poor goblin isn't going to have full plate armor.  Either way, it's pixel art so it's not like your going to be playing then SUDDENLY WANG ((*cough* dante's inferno *cough*)).My biggest complaint with the game is that the enemy AI isn't all that smart and it doesn't really differ from character to character.  Once you play for a little while, you know how to lead enemies where you want.  Doesn't take a tactician to figure out enemy movements.  Also, another little complaint is that there are so many map locations that some can feel like busywork, but that's thankfully uncommon enough to not be much of a bother.Other than that, there are so many little things that make the game really fun.  You have strongholds that you build up with more characters, the level up and skill system is unique (and requires a little bit of math), the map is expansive, and there's a good amount of lore to be found in all the little nooks and crannies of the various locations.Yes, this is a gay themed game, but I really don't think that should deter anyone.  This is an overall fun game that I see myself replaying in the future and would highly recommend for rpg and tactics fans of any kind."
76561197966358311,Recommended,486720,23678610,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Ketamarine,Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. - Leonardo DaVinci
76561198020822205,Recommended,486720,23651129,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Y'Golonac,"Lots of fun, great for people who enjoy 16-32 bit era roleplays and roguelikes. Stuff like that.Witty, creative and interesting.NSFW and not for younger gamers.This is Daddy's or Mommy's game.Not for little tykes unless you want to talk to a po'ed teacher."
76561198050786741,Not Recommended,486720,23677561,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,✈️✈️🏢🏢,"the UI and weak gameplay make this game not worth buying. here are some examples:the only combat options are ""attack"" and ""defend"". that's all. you spend every level shift-right clicking enemies. there's some slight nuance but that's the gist of the entirety of the gameplaypositioning is not punished or rewarded. both you and enemies can pass freely through occupied tiles. for example you cannot block a doorway and fight 3v1. there's pretty much 0 opportunity for tactics.enemy AI is dumb. they will literally just attack the closest person to them. make 1 dedicated tank with zero DPS and put him in the front = win every fight.too many clicks and fiddly UI issues per fight. this gets old extremely quickly. and to be clear, i don't mind meaningful choices and i enjoy turn-based games, but it's a lot more like doing paperwork than doing tactics. it's just a chore.they've managed to have terrible pathfinding in a tiny, grid-based game. A* has been around for decades and there are dozens of tutorials on its implementation. shame on the devs for doing some ghetto pathfinding that literally cannot find its way from one room to another if there's a wall between themway too many interstitial animations between mundane events. i hate waiting for the same stupid screen-changing animation to finish every time i leave an area. that's not the only one, there are so many required waits for nothing other than pointless animations between menus.extremely opaque stat system. the only stat you can see is your hitpoints. your defensive ratings and abilities are hidden, crit % chances and modifiers are hidden, dmg is hidden, etc. you're just stabbing in the dark when you allocate stats or equip items.weird death/loss system. it's more damaging to win a fight and have a teammate die than to simply lose the entire fight and get to reload. i imagine everyone ends up save scumming.stronghold system is pointless. instead of being an extra thing that's cool, it's additional busywork required in order to do things that other games do automatically. it's basically a town you go back to between clearing levels, except you have to hire all the people and manually sell/make/buy everything.inventory space is extremely limited to the point of being annoying.all the 'mature' stuff is dumb and not even cool or sexy. it's just a bunch of gross fat naked guys and demons walking aroundthe UI itself is so bad. here's a quick example: there's a dialogue you have with some NPC in the world. he says ""blah blah"" and there's an OK button. you cannot hit ""enter"" and continue. the only way to get rid of that OK button is to manually click it. i'm pretty sure the devs only play games with one hand.the core set of mechanics in the game are so limited that none of their puzzles or levels are interesting. they all reduce down to ""find thing on the floor and use it in the most obvious spot"". that's if they're being sneaky and advanced. most levels are ""walk through level and do time-consuming fights with easy monsters"""
76561198041903363,Recommended,486720,24149544,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,redspieder,Super fun gameplay with a great story and evocative art. A great all around game!
76561197973774604,Recommended,486720,26478183,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,The Angry Gnome,"This game is worth playing for the story elements alone. Non-normative social interactions and fluid, competent writing make for a refreshing and engaging RP experience.The setting is super duper gay. I don't mean that as a derrogative. You're on an island full of men discovering their homoerotic urges in the absence of a female population. Contentious design choice, but the dev (Bigfingers.ca) pulled it off uncommonly well. Story elements are delivered with a maturity and style that is rarely seen in modern gaming, and the result is a far more engaging universe than the usual bland RPG-trope cookie cutter setting typically seen in these types of games.While the level up system is fun and innovative, unfortunately the combat difficulty slopes off quite sharply around level 15 and you'll find yourself breezing through the rest of the game on autopilot. There is a kingdom-building component as well, but with a party size limit of 4, once you're rocking four unstoppably-optimized killing machines, it's hard to see the incentive in expanding your numbers.Still, a damn good effort from a small dev (and a local boy to boot eh?) and very much worth your time."
76561198070797335,Recommended,486720,23695792,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,krbshake,If Tactics Ogre and the original Fallout met up at a seady hotel known as Gamemaker and had themselves an illigitimate this would be it.10/10
,Recommended,486720,23659880,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Allvaldr,"I hadn't heard of this game yet until it popped up on my Steam homepage. I guess this is one time Steam recommendations didn't let me down. Always having had a hard-on for strategy RPGs - and for dark, mature themes - I was immediately interested. Haven't had a chance to play it much yet, as I have to work tomorrow, but so far it seems very promising.+++ I finally have a videogame where I'm able to play my Pen and Paper RPG character: Tenk the serial♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Orc. Wow. Had long given up hope that this theme would be acceptable in a videogame; so big was my surprise when this showed up as a potential crime."
76561197978422124,Recommended,486720,23656671,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,BattleBuddy,Try the demo if you're on the fence about it. This game is great.
76561198045360299,Recommended,486720,23635226,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,arconoff,"A surprisingly good game. i bought it on a whim. I initially thought it was rubbish (1st 15 minutes) then I started to get the hang of it, I must say It is pretty good on first impressions."
76561198276785757,Recommended,486720,34615751,Posted: 30 August,all,shadowbody,"I had this game on my wishlist for a long time before I finally got it during the summer sale event. I'm really sorry I waited so long.The game itself is okay. The explanation of how combat, stongholds, character development, and so on needs some more work. My sister tried playing, couldn't figure out the combat, and gave up playing the game. Once I got a handle on the mechanics, it became much easier, but it took several starts before that happened.That said, I have put in more hours than steam has recorded. I lose myself in this game everytime I sit down to play. I love the artwork and the storyline, but most of all I LOVE the world building! So much was put into the background. There are little throw-away lines in every area about the rich history of the continent and the diversity in the people.I understand that the creator has put out other games and artwork that have homosexual content. I've read some reviews where people find that off putting and that it overpowers the rest of the gameplay. But I don't find that to be the case. This is a world where there is little to no sexual bias and I love that. I'm a girl. I play a female character. I can ship all over Nazar, who has a history with both men and women. I can ship on orcs, humans, vampires, demons, werewolves, zombies, WHATEVER! There is no judgment in this world.I understand the creator is in the process of making another game that takes place in this same world and I cannot wait for it to come out."
,Recommended,486720,23747458,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,vbigcat,"A brilliant game. Incredibly simple, yet diverse. The rules and mechanics aren't difficult, once you get the hang of them. Having the ability to create characters to add to your roster, and custom sprites on top of that, is just icing on the cake. If the wonderful character creation doesn't fit your needs, then you can draw up your own sprites or search around online. Check out the artwork section of the community hub for a few of my custom sprites to use."
76561198345931746,Recommended,486720,29004738,Posted: 4 January,all,本狼无Fuck说,"Super love this game! Although there is no Chinese, but by the translator, has been playing down!Recommended to many friends to play! It's all good!Rich content！ Play special! The combat system is great! Can influence, capture the enemy!In particular, part of the dialogue, it is the character, to create a particularly cute! Super praise!Is the story can not understand.....Not to say that the set is not good, just...We need chinese!!! Be deeply grateful！！！"
76561198002550932,Recommended,486720,33435291,Posted: 10 July,all,WolfCatDog,"Good little game that is better than you would think looking at the store page.It starts qutie strong, it's really fun going through each area and meeting new characters and learning tiny bits about the island now and then and the combat is simple yet effective... but then it just kind of slumps and gets boring. Combat never really evolves and theres pretty much no story (At 15 hours in, nothing noteworthy has happened).It would have helped having more sidequests, more combat skills, and having more bond scenes. One per character was really dissappointing and considering you get the bond scenes quite quickly theres not a lot of character development over the long length of the game.Also the combat seems very random. The damage from enemies after a certain point just gets silly, one attack is 10 damage, then the next is 100? It felt like my skills and armour made no difference.I give it a positive cause its quite unique and I did enjoy the first half of the game but it needed to drive the player to keep pushing forward beyond visting area upon area with very little purpose besides leveling up.Props to the one man team for this game, just may have benefitted from being half the size and more focused."
,Recommended,486720,34012599,Posted: 4 August,all,Petrichor,"Really really enjoying it so far. Great tactical based RPG, stories, characters, and very unique style of art. I love the customization too. Love it!"
76561197965046644,Recommended,486720,35077300,Posted: 19 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,A fun RPG with a bit of a challenge if your not careful. Overall had a blast with this game.
,Recommended,486720,25480896,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Sacchi Hikaru,"tl;dr: This is not a game for everyone. If you're here for a deep and enriching story or great tactical gameplay... Keep looking. This is not the game for you. If you're unsure, there's a really lengthy demo, go play it.The story is basic at best and though it is simple enough to follow, the overarching plot is really not the point of the game. Rather, much like the name implies, the point of the game is forming ""bonds"" with the ""bast.ards"" that you find scattered around the island (AKA, your party members). This is quickly undermined by the game actively encouraging (although not forcing) you to constantly switch party members. Since you're forced to have at least twenty of them to finish the game, it's pretty much impossible to fully care about more than a handful, let alone the entire set. More often than not, you'll grab a few of them to be your manpower slaves and then only touch them maybe a dozen hours later to level them up again so you get some more manpower. A task which is mercifully super fast and simple due to the game's levelling system.The gameplay is ""good enough"", and even that is something I say with a some reservation. Enemy AI is dumb and predictable - the moment you put a strong enough tank between you and the enemies, the battle is already won. Unless on the odd case where the enemy gets six crits in a row and you're forced to adapt. But that happened once within 40+ hours of gameplay so I'd wager that's far from the norm. The risk system is cute and seems deep at first, but once you get the hang of it, it becomes just as boring a system as the rest of the combat. Labour/Weaver/Thwart challenges are also, frankly, stupid. I'm still trying to figure out a pattern to beat them other than ""hope you don't click on the wrong tile"" except on the few times that the wrong tile is actually the correct one.So what *is* good about the game? The fact that the game has a really bad case of the ga.ys for one. In an industry where the concept is almost always either avoided entirely or put in a negative light (with only a handful of exceptions, most of them being implied rather than explicitly stated) it's refreshing to see a game that is not ashamed of what it is without being gratuitous about it - yes, the game has nudity, but it's far from the main focus of it. The amount of times the nudity really is a """"""key factor"""""" (massive quotation marks there) can be counted on one hand, and all of them are both optional and obvious. Despite that, the entire game has a lot of gay undertones, which can be easily ignored or embraced for all their worth. It does end up leading to some hilarious things too, such as a piece of armor called the ""Mystic Thong"" - a literal thong that increases your magic resistance.The character creator is definitely another. There are a *ton* of possibilities for your character. Something like thirty different body types, divided between male human, female human and male orc, probably over 50 different clothing choices, whose colors you can change and you can even choose what piece of clothing is above another. Also the fact that any character that you create gets automatically added to a saved roster, and can turn up as one of the random roster characters in your future playthroughs.One thing this game does *really* well is emphasize the fact that the island isn't just a game location - it feels like a real place. There are many areas whose gameplay purpose are basically just ""be a bridge between other areas"" or just straight-up have no items or combat inside. Yet they are still fairly fleshed out. Some of them being old homes destroyed by the elements with only small traces of who used to live there, others being actual monuments to the story's legendary hero. If nothing else, Lukatt feels a lot more like a real place than most areas in other games.The game is also definitely going to scratch a completionist's itch - there are a LOT of areas for you to explore, a lot of sidequests to be done, a lot of hidden stuff to find. If you're looking for a game with lots of content and replayability - even if the core gameplay is a little on the weak side - then this game's got you covered.Overall, I came into this game expecting horrible and I found something that, on a purely technical level is just ""meh"". On a more subjective and personal level, I found something that I could actually enjoy playing through. Despite the rather negative tone of this review, do keep in mind that I *do* recommend it, so long as you keep in mind that this is *not* a game for everyone."
76561198008566830,Recommended,486720,28891869,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Erasercrumbs,"Okay, so imagine you're playing this great turn-based stategy RPG that deftly combines elements of Ogre Battle and Disgaea.  It lures you in with its thoughtful mechanics, beautiful pixel art, and brooding, minimalistic soundtrack composed of eerie synth chords and delightful beeps and boops that remind one of the glory days of SNES role-playing.  The gameplay is deep and satisfying, as is the relatively extensive character customization, all wrapped up with an intricate story where your decisions do, in fact, matter.But then, your party is attacked by a bigfoot, and said bigfoot clearly doesn't have an exposed♥♥♥♥♥♥  At that point, you decry the lack of realism and demand a refund.  Unless, of course, you're playing B@stard Bonds, which combines all the good stuff mentioned in the above paragraph with clearly visible sasquatch genitalia, breaking the glass ceiling for cryptozoological monkey junk.  Western civilization has never felt so vibrant.B@stard Bonds is clearly the product of a developer who had genuine love for his creation, and it radiates the kind of enthusiasm only found in a true passion project.  Even at full price, B@stard Bonds is a must-buy for fans of turn-based strategy in a graphic fantasy world."
76561197973064382,Recommended,486720,26190473,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Ember,"Refreshing new take on several old systems, and a game that feels like it's for a more mature audience - it doesn't coddle you along"
,Recommended,486720,24310141,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,M.Drip,"I thought the lack of combat animations was going to turn me off but as fate would have it, games can still just be fun games. The character creator alone gives so much room for the imagination to wander. I've never created this much backstory for a character..ever..and I'm not even sure how it happened. I'm playing a heretic who admitted before the court to being a heretic and is actually a heretic. (inmyhead):He was a member of an occult sect of warrior monks before his temple was destroyed by dogmatic crusaders. He's also a massive muscly man with a huge pixel dingus.8===D out of 10"
76561198030828632,Recommended,486720,30178863,Posted: 25 February,all,BigBadCat,"Rare gem. Great art, really nice gloomy setting with humorous and kinky notes. Nice level of customisation. I hope we will see DLC or sequel one day."
76561197978716036,Recommended,486720,29453075,Posted: 23 January,all,SweenMachine,"I`m usually not a fan of ""tactics"" rpgs, but after finishing my first playthrough I feel compelled to write this recommendation.B@stard Bonds is an almost perfectly-executed game:+Character creation is incredible. There are many factors that lead to your characters starting skill and alignment, and there are plenty of customization options for your sprite (or you can just go random like I did).+The combat is tactical but the fast pace, tight mechanics, and enemy variety do more than enough to prevent it from becoming ""same-ish"" and repetitive.+The Stronghold mechanic is a good way to encourage the player to explore all areas on the world map.-If I had one minor gripe with this game, it would be the way the story plays out. You are told your first objective, and after you complete it you get increasingly vague hints for the following objectives. I'm no slouch, but I was not able to figure out where to go without the use of a walkthrough. It's such a minor thing though I didn't even really notice, I had most of my fun exploring the island and building my band of outcasts.If this were a scale of 10 I would rate this game a 9. If you are a fan of great writing, fast-paced tactical combat, massive variety in locale settings, and floppy orc genitals, you owe it to yourself to get this title."
76561198005894566,Recommended,486720,25479137,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,BoxingBud,"It takes some getting used to but I really enjoy the game. There's lot of plot that the player will get from investing in pre-made story characters but one is free to create their own party members that they will randomly meet in the world. Alignment, skills, character utility, they're all intertwined and your hunger for high quality pixel graphics will be satiated. There is a ""Risk"" system involved in which you gamble to press your characters being able to act more within the same turn. The more you do, the higher chance you fumble and spend the rest of the round being an exposed target, you and enemies do this so it's a nice layer of strategy.Characters and creatures will exhibit partial to full frontal nudity involving all manners of gender. If this bugs you well, that could be a problem but I think it's fine. The desperation of the island you're on, things aren't meant to be conventional or covered up. This is the reason for the adult rating. Also character sexuality is not conventional and that only piqued my interest regardless of what I like to eat. The writing I really enjoy and it was motivating to use pre made characters where normally I don't in my tactical rpgs.I love the music. This is too personal a taste to guarantee you will.You can also, in time, recruit monsters/enemies as well. Most of them anyway and you get to decide how they develop on level ups. Humanoid characters don't have any strength or weaknesses, monsters will have weaknesses....some just strenghts, so it's always good to consider recruiting them. Speaking of which the monsters are fairly well thought out and composed, all the way from demure to beyond the pale. This really satiated my hunger for an immersive but fantastic experience.My only qualms are so small that I humbly accept any flames. The fonts are sometimes small in game. Plot based scenes they're fine. Also I dont' like only being able to hover over one area of a map and then I must move to a different location to reset it to view another part of the overworld map, like checking out stronghold information. After completing a map or leaving it I would rather a quick list of my shop and what it sold instead of listing item by item, but this could be a game mechanic rolling each item to see if it sold. If these issues were enough to get me to actually not really enjoy this game then I'd have slapped myself long ago.My advice if you play this: Keep in mind melee fighter type characters NEED defense too. Don't just put points in attack, you will get one shotted. If you have someone that uses distance weapons like bows or something, fine but otherwise DEFENSE! You will be frustrated otherwise. Most other builds are fairly straightforward. Also read signs in the tutorial dungeon.My final piece of advice: Who cares about my review?! If you want a tactical rpg with a few edges just download the demo, I promise if you like that, you'll like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bonds."
,Recommended,486720,23744516,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Takazatara,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bonds is a simple isometric turnbased RPG.30+ hours in and I havent even finished it yet. If you like customization and character creation, buy this game. If you like isometric turnbased RPGs, buy this game! If you simply want a simple polished game with cool little design decisions, BUY THIS GAME!This game is so good I bought it twice. One of the best Indies to come out recently and deserves every penny and hour I've payed/played of it.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bonds is a simple isometric turnbased RPG... but it's so much more than that."
76561198039846074,Recommended,486720,23627024,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Rochand Dividend,"I'm only scratching the surface here: but this game gives me very positive vibes.  I will write a proper review after I am much further along, but damn - this is some good fun."
76561198056050500,Recommended,486720,23623540,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,FinnaBustA🍌NutMuffin,Alot of charm and interesting plot/story progression. Loving it so far can't wait to see whats next.
,Recommended,486720,26281175,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Dogbeans,"This game combines the wonder and feeling of discovery that come with a baroque, old-school RPG and the streamlined systems and gameplay of a modern tactics simulator. Disregard the fact that it was made by a pornographer and features mainly scantily clad muscle-men —♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bondsis a deceptively intelligent game that makes you consider your choices in the way that a modern, Bioware-style game never can. It's certainly worth the discounted $10 price, and probably the full, $20 price as well.Pros:•	Fast paced, tough tactics gameplay•	Simple but intriguing character customization system•	Art and music reminiscent of classic GBA titles•	Scantily clad characters of both sexesCons:•	Sometimes too tough, warranting some save-scumming•	Gameplay can get repeitive after a while•	Very few others…?"
,Recommended,486720,29157625,Posted: 10 January,all,darkmoose,"I like it. I like the art style, a bit overdone but still, nice. I like the idea, the setup, the challenge. This game keeps me wanting to come back and play some more. Combat is a bit flat but that is it."
76561198081534321,Recommended,486720,24702263,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,SigmaAoi,"The spritework is well done, the character creation has decent depth, there are plenty of recruitable companions, the leveling system is interesting enough... it's for the most part well-made overall. There are a few issues: the base combat system can be a bit too straightforward, the party interaction could use some depth, and there are a few problems with navigating around (your party members' path-finding could use some work, for instance)- but I'd say its strengths overshadow its weaknesses to make a pretty great classic-style tactical RPG."
,Recommended,486720,24890006,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Kowagaru,"This game is super, super good. It's very simple and the world the creator constructed is really interesting to explore. There hundreds of different maps, some with really interesting and really cool events.But be aware that this game is more a Final Fantasy Tactics than Dragon Age in the ""Companions"" pespective. There are unique companions, and i found most of them interesting to talk and bond (That is something you do in game btw), but they have few unique scenes/dialogue and they don't make much difference on the story in general. I wish i could have seen more about their story."
76561198026004485,Recommended,486720,27307790,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,barefootwalk,"This is an interesting one, both in design and gameplay. It feels like the creator carefully decided what features mattered, and sacrified enough of the rest to make it manageable with the limited resources.Character sprites, for example, offer a great customizability. Six body types for each human gender, plus twelve for the orcs, with various colorable cloth and armor pieces for each part of the body, will probably allow you to create a character to your tastes. On the flip side each sprite moves around like a paper cutout, hopping over the map with no animation to speak of.Likewise the game offers only nine skills to differentiate your characters from each other: attack, defend and utility for each of the three classes warrior, hunter and mage. Leveling a skill will activate new feats from a linear list tied to that skill; mage attack gets ranged attack spells, for example, while hunter attack will get improved critical attacks and faster movement. It's a system that quickly reaches the limit of its tactical versalibility, or it least it would, if your choice of fighting companion where limited to the humans and orcs you can pick up during your travel. Instead you have a slight chance to subjugate any monster in the game, provided you almost defeat it, have a little luck and perhaps the right utility feats. And they bring their monster abilities to the table, which shakes up your tactical options and can make your choice of party members agonizing at best.But you only can enlarge your party if your camp (or stronghold) is large enough to accommodate more people. You can take most of the maps you clear in the game as a campside, provided your workforce is high enough, and the larger campsites require more workforce. Workforce is generated by the utility skills of your party, so creating a party of fighting machines gets problematic pretty fast. You'll also want workforce in excess of maintaining your campsite, as this allows you to hire specialists like a steward, a smith, traders etc. to provide you with services.Aside from a horde of monsters and rather generic goons (all of which you can customize in the same way you did your character, if you wish) you can meet and befriend ten npcs with their own backstory to tell.There's more in this game, of course, but these are the key features, in my eyes. I can recommend it both as a fun game as well as a breath of fresh air, provided you can stomach the simplicity of the presentation.TL,DR: Fun rpg wth retro touch and interesting design choices. Very much its own thing."
76561197982848469,Recommended,486720,31483594,Posted: 1 May,all,Kapteiten,"This game is great!If you like pixel art and you like customizing your character, good story, suprise elements, a good challenge and turn based strategy.Then my friend, this game is for you."
76561198029132740,Recommended,486720,26297507,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Jetoilio,"I originally bought this game with the intention that I'd get something to occupy me for a day or two. Well, after the learning curve that is attached to the combat system, I found that this game kept me occupied me a lot longer than I thought it would. This game supports the ability to create custom sprites for any named character in the game. On top of the time I've spent playing the game, I have also spent, at the very least, 20 hours creating and editing sprites.There is a fair amount of nudity in the game, more male than female, though honestly once you've played it for a bit you barely notice it anymore (except for a certain few where it's 'hard' not to notice). You can however create a list of female characters in varying states of undress, if you like, and they'll show up in your playthrough as recruitable characters as well.As long as you don't mind dealing with a bit of a learning curve (and maybe the occasional grind), you'll enjoy this game and get your money's worth out of it."
76561198028615865,Recommended,486720,33918738,Posted: 30 July,all,WHIP GAME LISA FRANK,"it's very good, depth of gameplay comes in waves, enemies jump in difficuly as they gain abilities, tons of characters, stronghold system is cool and provides intersting value choices for npcs(untill you can just pick all of them), temper your expectations as this game is made by a single person, but in my opnion this is a great pickup for a legend of grimrock meets tales of maj'eyal styled rpg.my total time to finish was about 40 hours, i would say a fast playthrough would cut 10-15 hours off of that but a more in-depth experience could run twice my playtime."
,Recommended,486720,34733073,Posted: 4 September,all,klarix,"Flawed but nevertheless great game.I fully enjoyed the game: Discovering new levels and areas on the island, meeting new team members and following the story. If you're into pixel art and good background story with interesting npcs, then you'll enjoy this game.AI strategy and battles in general are flawed. Enemies will always attack the nearest companion. Thus, you place a tank in front of the team, who takes in all the damage und defeat everyone with relative ease. This becomes rather boring fast. Also  a journal and better presentation of story relevant elements are needed. I had to rely on a guide (a thousand thanks to Christian Roman for his awesome guide) to actually finish the game.Regarding nudity: This game contains some very mild NSFW. Sex on the other hand is not explicit and not overwhelmingly present but some enemies are nude (female and male) and genitalia are displayed (allthough its pixel art, so you don't see much). I think this suits this game and compared with other RPG for young adults or children, this makes the game unique and interesting."
76561198057945696,Recommended,486720,34954102,Posted: 14 September,all,FredTHAreD,"Really fun at the start, but the combat isn't very deep, and the plot is nothing special, so your miles may vary. I'd recommend it if you see it on sale, and you like the genre."
,Recommended,486720,33870640,Posted: 28 July,all,TheGreatZomboni,"Now that I have got a substanial number of hours into the game, and have completed all but one achievement (which will be for the next playthrough) I wanted to update my review of the game.I have always been a fan of tactics style games.  Disgaea, Final Fantasy Tactics, etc, but what i find with most of those games is that while the tactical combat is great, they tend to miss out on the exploration piece.That is something that this game has added, and is what really made it feel special when playing.  It's not like Disgaea or Final Fantasy Tactics, where you get into your map to fight and go straight into it.  Instead, you get to navigate the map, and this navigation leads allows puzzles that are typically missing from those other style tactics games.  It almost gave it a bit of that Dungeons and Dragons feel.  You go into an area, you search around ""oh, here's something that requires me to have a character who can complete a weave challenge"" - so then you go back and get your character who can do weave challenges.And it created a great balancing act - to do those challenges with some amount of consistency, you need to invest points into that skill, but if you invest points into that skill - then you can't invest points into other skills.The 3x3 system for character advancement was interesting, and one of the aspects I also enjoyed completely.  Its not common in tactics games to get to get this level of detail in character customization, at least in my experience.It's not without it's flaws - my biggest gripe is a bug that exists with the highest rank skill in the dodge line.  The results are frequently game breaking, but thank fully you can just avoid this particular skill, and the game will work fine.  Other bugs have seemed to be minor, the occasional scripted event that didn't work flawlessly, but compared to some triple A titles, even after patches, this game runs pretty smooth.Another grip I have found was with the magic system - though I will admit this may primarily be personal bias - I really wish that the Healing magic wasn't bundled in with offensive magic, and at such a high rank of the ability.  But as I said, it may primarily be personal bias/experience with games where you have Fighter/Thief/Mage/Cleric - and I'm just expecting the cleric to really be it's own build.Beyond that, I had minor nits:  Like I felt that Necromancer might have made more sense to have ""Poxsoul"" instead of ""Touched"", and perhaps being a murderer would have been ""Maxsoul"" to represent the fury in your heart.  This would have allowed for some more variety in the characters designed, as well as random characters, without having to rely on monsters or items to achieve the effect.But overall, I am really happy I stumbled on this gem.  The themes in this game are right up my alley as well, so that made it even better.  For anyone who enjoys a good tactics game, this game is definetly worth the money.  Now that I've played it, beat it, I'm yearning for more - I'm trying to find a game that has similar aspects...shoot I'm trying to find applications I might be able to use to mod this game so I can make some tweaks/randomizations so I can have another playthrough and have some surprises."
,Recommended,486720,23609816,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,vorst,"I'd been looking all over steam for a good dungeon crawler for quite some time.This one has everything I've ever wanted out of a dungeon crawler.I've already played it for 5 hours straight.Edit:Several hours later, this has easily become my GOTY. Even after I beat it, I'm planning on going back and replaying it a few more times. Good job CaptainGerBear"
76561198025034852,Recommended,486720,26234426,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Aloysius Savant,This game is a blast to play.
76561198008534531,Recommended,486720,24405589,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,zonemagorgo,"I see you there, soul of Super Nintendo, living and breathing in this game."
76561198033980656,Recommended,486720,24941138,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Sentientmonkey,"I have been playing this game nonstop since I got it. I haven't even beaten it yet, but that's just because I've been having so much fun trying to recruit the right monsters and making new characters to show up in my main game. The combat is simplified, yes, but the Risk mechanic makes things a little more interesting and the character growth system is fun to experiment with.I do have to make one disclaimer though: Straight guys, if you decide to play this game, I imagine you might experience what it's like to play something that is not built with your sexual preference in mind. Sure, you don't have to be gay, and you can make yourself an army of naked women if you want, and some of the recruitable monsters have boobs, but the vast majority of characters with dialogues are guys who... Well, with my current (all 4 males) party right now there are no shirts and maybe two thirds of a pair of pants, and a furry toga. Expect to see a lot of hairy man nipples is what I'm saying. And goblin♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Now if you'll excuse me, I need to go recruit a big dicked Efreet. Daddy needs a new pony!"
76561198086713065,Recommended,486720,24703986,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,maskofseasons,"It's a great game, fun and easy to play. Just bought it and can't put it down, the customization is really great and a huge plus."
76561198031410179,Recommended,486720,25231878,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,webryder,Great game! Am enjoying it quite a bit. My only complaint is that I wixsh yo ucould romance more of the characters than just Nazar.
,Recommended,486720,26723855,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Jarl Ironfrost,"One of the most fantastic turn based combat games I've ever played, brings me endless enjoyment, the only bad thing I can say is it's not being updated with more features!! haha!"
,Recommended,486720,27458929,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rin,"You will get rekt earlier in the game because the tutorial and the UI is a bit ""hit and miss"" but once you get used to the control, it gets fun.Totally recommend it if you like games like Tactic Ogre and Fire Emblem"
76561198062039252,Recommended,486720,29219467,Posted: 13 January,all,Seafishie,"Good game. Went in for the orcs and half naked monsters, stayed for the gameplay and story."
76561198317255132,Recommended,486720,33334416,Posted: 6 July,all,cool angels thesis,oh this is a fun one. really impressive pixel art and character customization. marvelous soundtrack as well. combat is kinda simple but its well balanced and im not the sort of person who wants to do a lot of bookkeeping when im playing games. also im digging the number of hunks in this game
,Recommended,486720,26350122,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Bingus Dingus,"So far I'm really loving this game. It's got a lot of personality, pretty simple mechanics, good art, deep customization options, an interesting premise. Worth your time if you like tactical/strategy RPGs"
76561198313027932,Recommended,486720,24059592,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Summoned,"A great game that's obviously not for everybody (and it shouldn't be!)The amount of content and breadth of the game is amazing for being done by mainly one person; there's easily over 40 hours if you explore around looking for everything. The writing's good, the character recruitment system is great, and there are enough hidden interactions to make it replayable on top of that."
,Recommended,486720,25242472,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Rakashasa,"Just a really solid tactics-style rpg. They throw in some really interesting mechanics, and a lot of customization options for character creation also. One of the game mechanics, called Manpower, which affects your power to recruit other characters, just isn't explained at all in-game, and is rather difficult to figure out. That's really my only gripe. Overall though, it's super fun."
76561198061068433,Recommended,486720,26299424,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,The Best Potato Bread,Great game for the price!
76561198297723126,Recommended,486720,26465503,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,darkdisciple1313,"Hmm.This is a tough one to recommend to all, as it is an absolute pain for a newbie to figure out exactly what's going on, what build to create, how to manage everything, and so on. The learning curve initially is very steep, and it takes more than a little patience to figure out the game mechanics and what all goes into making a successful run. In other words, if you are easily angered by games that seem out to kill you a lot, avoiding this game might be wise.However, for those willing to try many different things (I'm currently meandering through my fourth playthrough just tinkering with stats before heading on full throttle), the game seems to be a hidden gem. Forget the lousy graphics, the gratuitous nudity and gameplay elements that seem rather unfair. I think once players get the gist of what the game is meant to be, it's a fun romp through a typical slash-and-spell game with some cool and different parts to make an old genre a little fresh.Oh, and keep your clothes on. Nude in this game is similar to nude at a naturist colony in Australia (i.e. lots of people who should never be in public sans clothing). Ye hath been warned."
76561198067467860,Recommended,486720,26706464,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Prof_Bäcker,"Really amazing RPG with a lot of elements of the NES era, but polished to todays standards. Depending on your playstyle the game can get challenging at times, which is good. The interface for items was a little confusing at first, but besides that the other gameplay elements are well done. The characters are great and the diverse areas that you explore are vibrant and detailed. Thecharacters are also a big plus! Customization options are vast allowing you to create really interesting characters that change several aspects of your playthrough."
76561198104060357,Recommended,486720,27271709,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Franchox,"Ok...it got me a bit of time to understand the whole party and recruite thing but that aside, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bonds is an incredible game, it has a nice pixel graphic nature that fits well with the theme, the music is fun to listen for hours and man do I still get a bit of a jump scare when the battle sequence starts out of nowhere !!! Anywho... ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bonds proves to be a game for those that like grinding, life choices and good old hack and slash with weird monsters and even crazier allies !"
76561198049097311,Recommended,486720,27840360,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ross,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bonds is a pretty fun game, well, at least for me. You can recruit your enemies, and your other characters. This way, you can create a party like no other. All the enemies all have personalities too. (Unless you've recruited a mindless creature or a creature unable to communicate.) It's fun to just interact with your group members and see what happens. There is a manpower system that is based on your character's allignment, making your choices in the intro matter all the more. If you have a lot of manpower, you can move to a place with a lot of room, enabling you to recruit more people. If you interact with your group members enough, a special scene will apear, and will show you that that member trusts you. I love the ability to not only recruit your team members from a wide variety, but also have the ability to interact with them."
,Recommended,486720,31549869,Posted: 4 May,all,JunTheMaledicted,This game is an incredible marvel i have been playing nonstop and its a good way to entice your senses how you have to pay attention to charachters for them to bond or else nothing especially the plot and all the mechanics are so nifty i love this game 10/10
,Recommended,486720,27103642,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Apagando Las Luces,So much testosterone in the atmosphere! wih interesting story and beautiful pixel
76561198090358492,Recommended,486720,25315367,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,foxlink,"here are a few small things that should be changed to turn this from a gem in the rough to a Diamond on a ring.1. the map is static. cutting down on reply value. each level is the same so it feels Tedius after a while. im not suggesting a completly random map (that is an idea) but I suggest certian non critical levels be randomized and have it so a good number of levels dont make it into gameplay. you could keep the road network the same and just have the game randomly shift it out.2. there are too few races to chose from and that most of the NPCs are kinda just mountains of muscles guys without much diversity. and I feel that both the crimes and the attributes are too few and not very clear or inflence the game a large amount.3.this is the main issue with your game. not enough items and not enough levels. when the main problem is. ""I NEED MORE"" you know you made a great game. the main problems are easy fixes. shore up the small issues and add a lot ""or the Dreaded DLC!"" and this game will be best seller on steam."
76561198151956731,Recommended,486720,23609136,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,no hope left,"20/10, for old school RTS/turn-based classic players."
76561198054141534,Recommended,486720,23612369,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Last Crusader,enjoying it so much had to leave a thumbs up
,Recommended,486720,33799126,Posted: 25 July,all,Avodrago,"Solid RPG with a Diablo-esque feel, great characters, and a sweet, heartfelt, plot.Recommend thoroughly; especially for fans of RPGs, orcs, and party-building"
76561198298509245,Recommended,486720,23609127,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Zorhan,Nice game.Very fun.
,Recommended,486720,23797187,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Casual Dad,"A highly customizable, fast-paced, turn-based tactical RPG with a solid combat system, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bonds isn't one to disappoint!"
76561198241596864,Recommended,486720,35035022,Posted: 17 September,all,Lpsrocks00,add more bara daddy orcs plz
76561198086879811,Recommended,486720,26239069,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,gimpynate,I highly recomend this for any tbs rpg fans out there. I also recomend it for anyone who enjoys some oldschool feel cuz I dont think every game out there needs to look realistic and especially not play like im in a movie all the time (points at most mainstream games today). This game is topnotch I waited till it was on sale and I must say I would gladly have paid more than the regular price for the hopes that a sequel will be coming soon.
76561198146196139,Recommended,486720,25455269,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,rickser,"Stylish and full of persionality is the best way I can describe ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bonds. I feel as though this game hasnt gotten the recognition it deserves.It looks like a game that would be very clunky with simple gameplay at a quick glance, but it is actually very deep and challenging, and controls become second nature in no time. The graphics and some of the gameplay aspects remind me a lot of jagged alliance.TRY THE DEMO! I did...but it if I didnt I might have passed this one up.As a bonus, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bonds has an OUTSTANDING music soundtrack."
76561198006953915,Recommended,486720,26281981,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,addictedtotanks,"I'm a level 1 ""alleged r a p i s t ""."
,Recommended,486720,23646446,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,ZodGilla,The manliest game on Steam.
76561197999211389,Recommended,486720,32752896,Posted: 24 June,all,Payload: Dragonmage of The North,"Good sprites, Good gameplay, Good music. Heartily reccomend"
,Recommended,486720,34875358,Posted: 10 September,all,Cheesey,Is fun
,Recommended,486720,27210603,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sison Zikori,I love tactical RPG so much. Such so fun game.
,Recommended,486720,23956082,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,1 rooting tooting mother fucker,10/10 would sodomise again
,Not Recommended,486720,33888291,Posted: 29 July,all,Koop,"Pros: Has a massive amount of substance, at least from a development standpoint, rather than a gameplay standpoint.  The gameplay is very simple, overall, which while fine at first, starts becoming a con once you've got your guaranteed-victory-strategy in place.But still, lots of areas (bordering on too many) and equipment and characters, with a decent amount of customization (despite being very pixely and basically un-animated).  Combat's easy to understand, the dialogue and writing are pretty great, and everything's pretty random, so each playthrough is fairly unique once you've burned through the starting 20 areas or so.Cons: Doesn't really do a good job of helping you figure out the minutiae of the game, like the impact of character creation options, Stronghold management, or the value of using Risk.  Also, the character designs give off a feeling like they're realizing the developer's fetish - lots of extremely burly, strangely proportioned, nearly nude flirtatious bear-men made up my party and populated my stronghold.  Maybe that was just the luck of the draw, but out of the 20 recruits I found, 2 of them were women, and the rest were the type of men you wouldn't want to share a prison cell with.Also, DON'T FORGET TO SAVE.  There's no auto-save, so if you find yourself on a tear and just burning through zones, levelling up like crazy and then WHOOPS GLITCH THAT KILLS THE WHOLE PARTY BECAUSE MY CHARACTERS DIDN'T RECOGNIZE THAT THEY WERE IN COMBAT then you basically lose hours of progress."
76561198148113975,Recommended,486720,32702013,Posted: 23 June,all,Z̡̡ų̀sh҉i͘̕ķ͠a̶,Reallly great game. Very interesting story and characters.
76561198049519897,Recommended,486720,32898535,Posted: 27 June,all,TastyHag,JoJo's Bizarre Adventure simulator. At least part 1-3
76561198025257800,Not Recommended,486720,28824172,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SugarTooth,"I see the potential for a game that's really good: Personally, I like tactics games and team micromanagement.  I also like the quirkiness of some of characters and events. (Something I also appreciate from BigFinger's other games.) This game has also been a decent challenge without being overly demanding. Magic could be a little more intuitive as the elements are hard to remember. But I also never felt that I couldn't wrestle through a fight or reconsider strategy and beat something a second time around.All good qualities. But if there's no neutral button it's a thumbs down.It took hours to get to a place where the game was a) gaining some ground b) staying interesting with actual events occuring. And yet I keep getting plateau'd with repeatative areas and camp building which is slow going. Some added events or variety in the backgrounds? fighting?monsters? something needs to be there instead of lengthy party grinding.I think the 64 hours I have are probably a little overstated due to some idling but not by much. I've hit a decent amount of map-coverage and yet the game's story stiil has yet to develop much. I'm sure it's there. I can see the potentially interesting things in the Steam achievements... but if I have to hit 100 hours just to get anywhere near what the game's lacking then it's not one to recommend.Perhaps this boils down to the open world biting me in the♥♥♥♥♥ but if that's the case the game might need some linearity to guide things along. Given the difficulty level however, I don't think that's the case as some grinding does seem necessary which means exploration.TLDR: Bottom line is that I know this game must have more good parts. But no one wants to wade through half of a ""meh"" book to get to the 'good part'. That's what B'tardBonds is. That said, it's still been enjoyable. Casually. So take what you will from the opinion and decide for yourself if you try it.Perhaps I'll change my mind once I get around to another twenty hours of gametime, but we'll see if it's enough to put the past behind me."
76561198013261696,Recommended,486720,24121448,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,chd20024,awesome game
,Recommended,486720,26248730,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,GanjahRebel,Perfect.
76561198006690286,Recommended,486720,31716707,Posted: 12 May,all,suurimonster,Refreshing!
76561198217888693,Recommended,486720,27548799,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Paisano Special,"Great game, awesome character creator and intriguing storyline."
,Not Recommended,486720,28748020,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MeatClown,"I am so disappointed that I have to write a negative review. I love tactical RPGs and many other games of this sort.This game has some uniqueness to it that I really appreciate but the ""tactical"" side of combat leaves a lot to be desired.The UI and most game play mechanics; although often explained, still seem unclear and difficult to grasp.I also found the font to be a little unclear, E and O look very similar and it can throw you off when trying to read something quickly.If you're a fan of these types of games by all means give it a try, you might be able to overlook the issues I had with it and get a lot of enjoyment out of the interesting features in this game.I don't know if it's just me but I actually found this game incredibly difficult too."
,Not Recommended,486720,34386666,Posted: 20 August,all,🐧 crow,"So you remember those old CRPGS which had mediocre combat and writing but they had weird settings and exploration and lots of puzzles to solve with the meagre notes and information available? ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bonds is like that, except that everyone is a buff naked gay man, including the monsters and NPCs. Your party of buff naked orcs and men can recruit buff naked werewolves, demons, hellbeasts, rakshasas, vampires, minotaurs, zombies, etc and have an adventure. No shirts allowed (except for ladies).Don't buy this game if you want great combat, or fantastic writing, or to play a game where everyone isn't a gay dragonslayer (or gay-dragon slayer, perhaps). But I mean, there's something compelling about it? I don't know, it's weird as hell, but you sure as hell won't find anything else like it on Steam..... so.... maybe buy it if you're curious? I wouldn't recommend it to people who just wanna play a regular crpg and explore an island or whatever, though; it's just for people who want to see insane crazy things. Otherwise, probably give it a miss. Definitely give it a miss if you don't wanna see a♥♥♥♥♥♥cause like damn man there's so many♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,486720,23662780,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Russell,"Orc Daddy Simulator 201610/10 would thirst againbut really this game is actually pretty fun, and the pixel art is nice too"
76561198083615040,Recommended,486720,26021621,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,SpectralMech,"The combat is very simple, but very addicting."
,Not Recommended,486720,34771516,Posted: 6 September,all,Pedro Q.,"I had high hopes for this game, due to the interesting graphics and unusual story, however I found the following lacking:- the combat system is very poor. There were better turn based combat systems in the 90s- the town interface is confusing, it could use either a revamp or a tutorialOn the positive side, character customization is excellent (if a bit dark!) so looking forward to a possible ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bonds 2!"
76561197960273224,Recommended,486720,23650561,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Wits,This is great fun!
,Recommended,486720,23655193,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Monsterparty,pixel♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198009331989,Not Recommended,486720,29965934,Posted: 16 February,all,boats n' hoes,"...Meh.  Nothing really wrong with it per se, just not enough there to hold my attention.  I keep waiting for something interesting to happen, but it's just kind of grindy, with no real purpose.  There's just other games I'd rather be spending my time on."
76561198049949381,Not Recommended,486720,32231362,Posted: 6 June,all,lancelot2001ca,"Decent turn-based hack'n'slash.you do have some freedom as to where to go on the world map, but you only choose which combat arena you go into. There are a couple of adventuring elements in the game, but absolutely no role-playing game there.Characters are rather boring. Story is also dry. I see this game as an excuse to make combat arenas look less like combat arenas.I recommand it only if you can buy it at 5$ or less, it is not that great but not a poor game either. The game is just too shallow to my taste."
,Recommended,486720,25576367,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Doll,"Very good SRPG, easy to understand without having to be casualised, also not hipsterish for an indie game.Note aside, I absolutely love this homo-erotic ambiance, the characters make me flood my panties, andmakes me want to swallow tons of ♥♥♥♥♥(suck'em dry until sunrise in the mornin').Exactly what I wanted, good RPG, that really gives you a boner."
76561197980157613,Not Recommended,486720,24141462,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,MisterMark72,"Given that I'm a fan of retro games and love open world RPGs, I was sure I as going to enjoy this reccomendation from a friend.  Sadly I find the gameplay too primitive for my tastes.  I've tried starting the game many times and can't get past the intro.  The characters mostly just wiggle, shimmy, or bounce around the screen accompanied by some special effects to represent their attacks/actions which I find a bit too limited and a bit confusing.  I can tell there's a lot of depth to this game, and my friend that reccomended it has good taste, so I'm not going to say this is universal.  I, however, cannot seem to get into it due to the limited graphics and slightly confusing combat."
,Not Recommended,486720,30716832,Posted: 24 March,all,Tamaster,"B4stard Bonds - Quick Review===> Essential Purchase> Recommended Purchase> Purchase if On Sale>> Purchase if heavily discounted> Not Recommended===What is Good+ Well-written.+ Believable interaction with the game world and what you find in it.+ Good visual customization of your character.+ Base building elements.+ Good variety of enemies and creatures.===What is Bad- Combat System, despite introducing innovative (but questionable) mechanics, lacks depth and is quite dull.- Graphics / Art Style / Sound are VERY mininmalistic and take away from immersion a great deal.- Standard storage is TWO slots, you will many times leave stuff behind because of no space.- Hybrid Classes are borderline unfeasible, only pure classes work well in the long run.- Combat is very much luck-based, this results from how the Risk System is designed.- No active skills, skill trees or statistics in the traditional way, only passive skills and increases are present.===ConclusionB4stard Bonds is a well written RPG with good interaction and a lot of content, though its innovative combat system, inventory system and character developement system do not really work out well and have problems and limitations. This is a game with great potential and good ideas like Base Building in a RPG, i mean that's something, but fails to deliver in two Key points which are Progression and Combat. I suggest this game if you want to try something very different and do not mind the above mentioned cons.===FINAL RATING: 52 / 100"
76561198086097077,Recommended,486720,23661121,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Local_Wizard,T I G H T D I C K P L A Y AB===================D
76561198007558399,Not Recommended,486720,23733033,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,zombieamericano,"It's not a terrible game I suppose, and I haven't gotten into the meat of it, but I find nothing in it to recommend. No matter what the game tells you at start up, just make a fighting character and put all your points into physical combat/defense. Worry about leveling up your other abilities later as none of the enemies use magic or do anything. They just beat you to death since they will get 2-4 actions for every single action you take. Still haven't figured that one out yet...The combat in this game makes stock Kingdoms of Wesnoth feel like Gary Grisby's War in the East. I guess on the up side, it's so simple, your grandmother could handle it, if she can deal with a UI trying too hard to be simple. Remember the first time you used an apple lap top after years of pc? If you do, you're old like me and that's kind of how this feels the first few minutes, then it gets to be not too bad, though figuring out what everything represents and does is not so good. Also, 2-3 years ago this game would have been free on like Kongregate. If you simply must play a game that allows you to be an unrepentant murderer,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥or something like that, then I guess get this game on sale. Don't pay full price."
76561198025798588,Not Recommended,486720,23908541,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Sockreaver,"I got this game to scratch the tactical RPG itch.Its a little thin on that level.  It has pretty basic strategy (enemies just target whatever is closest), an annoying inventory system that requires constant trips back to base, and a very repetitive combat system (hold down shift and click).I think the big game-breaker for me though, were the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  For the record, I don't mind nudity.  But when 50% of the enemies are stark-nude muscle-bound men (or genies, or vampires, or werewolves) in fetish gear I think that some invisible line in the sand has been crossed.Some people might like this game (oh... let's say 10% or so), but I can't recommend it."
76561197971640510,Not Recommended,486720,25450546,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Huggles `,"I have no clue why this piece of crap was upvoted so violently.It's definitely no good.Supposedly its strength is that it has tactical combat, but the combat is really really♥♥♥♥♥♥Trust me on this one."
,Not Recommended,486720,30234835,Posted: 27 February,all,INTERNET POLICE,"This is by far the most gay game I have ever played. I don't mean that in a insulting way, I mean it seriously is chocked full of dongs and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s.Not a strategy game. It's more like an absurd gay porno."
76561197969539245,Not Recommended,486720,23683974,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,iK_Farge,♥♥♥♥ing furry♥♥♥♥ man.Get out.The refund can't remove this stain on my reputation fast enough.I mean if you enjoy your friends thinking you're a wierdo by all means play away.
