user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,487120,34278807,Posted: 16 August,all,Smash420,"Was a fantastic game I would have recommended to everyone. But it turns out they don't like people to raid or have fun in the game so they made that mechanic expensive to persuade from raiding everything. Otherwise known as large tribes will wipe the map and small tribes will have no hope of ever raiding. What a great mechanic that nobody thought about at all.*EDIT*11:57am 8/16/2017After posting this review on the patch page I was provided with this messageBan notification from a Citadel: Forged With Fire developer	— Just nowYou have been banned from Citadel: Forged With Fire DiscussionsYou have been banned from Citadel: Forged With Fire Discussions by a Citadel: Forged With Fire developer for your post in ""Citadel: Forged With Fire General Discussions"":%text%Ban Reason:SpammingPlease review the Discussions Rules and Guidelines.This ban will expire on Sep 15 @ 11:56am. Until then, you will not be able to post in Citadel: Forged With Fire Discussions.You are not allowed to post a message under patch notes or they will consider it spam worthy since it tells people the truth. Just gave me the final checkbox I needed to uninstall."
,Recommended,487120,33938853,Posted: 31 July,all,Lustful,"Lets be clear, I HATE that I bought another Early Access Survival game.-BUT-After a decent bit of time with the game, I can go over a few things for potential buyers.Some of the other reviewers have gone over this but I think I should emphasize a few things.We all know how hesitant people are with Survival early access games. I have been at the forefront of successful survival games like minecraft alpha & Rust Alpha. But I too have been burned by games like Conan Exiles, Dark and Light, and Starforge.In my experience thus far, I have already felt some of the feelings I had in those successful survival games. The framework we have here is beyond amazing. There are a lot of things to add and finish, but this game is leagues above what I experienced with Dark and Light. (Specifically server structure and management)I can safetly say while playing in the last few days, its been patched about 3 times and devs are on top of the community. There are nerfs where needed, buffs where needed, and gameplay improvements all in a few days instantly. The same thing Notch did with his game and same as Garry from Rust. I have amazingly high hopes for them.As for the genre of the game? I'd accurately describe it as a Micro-MMO Base Building Survival. The building system is fantastic, the mmo aspect needs to be fleshed out, and the servers need stabilization. Other than that, $20 was already justified for me.Thanks for reading."
,Not Recommended,487120,33873073,Posted: 28 July,all,Lonewolf,"Full steam review of Citadel: Forged with FIre.Disclaimer: Yes i understand this is in early access, i'm just informing people what they're going to get currently for their 20 dollars.(TL;DR at the bottom)Intro:Citadel: Forged with Fire is a multiplayer rpg similar to titles such as Ark (Gameplay) and Rust (Building). It is set in a fantasy world similar to the Elder Scrolls setting with a limited amount of things to really do.Quick Summary:Citadel is unique due to how the games integral structure works. Unlike other games of this genre, Citadel has a skill tree. The extensive skill tree spans 4 different sectors including; Building, Spells, Weapons/Armor, and Potion/Scrolls. You're able to learn how to craft items in these categories by points earned from leveling your character. This serves as Citadels major strength.Gameplay:The gameplay in Citadel is very buggy and distorted. Much of the PvE combat is fought by safespotting non-ranged enemies from tall structures such as rocks and hills (One of the previous reviewers also noted that the game has 100's of characters. This is simply not true, the actual exact amount of enemies is 16). This boring form of combat is the only optimal form of combat due to the melee combat being very repetive and sluggish. As of the current state of the game (July 28) there is no form of blocking or defending against enemies. PvP is quite literally the biggest downfall of the game. From early on, many players you encounter can be killed in one single hit. The low health on players under level 10 causes players to die very quickly (also accounts for PvE). The broomstick/flying mechanic in the game, although done well, is very tedious as players need to carry massive amounts of mana potions to sustain their flight. I'm not sure if the devs are aware of how terrible it really is, but if you give Citadel a shot, the flying has got to be one of the best and worst features mainly due to this mana problem. Last note on gameplay is the combat while in flight. The flying causes spells and melee attacks to not work and what you aim at will not be hit by your spells.Building:One of the last topics i want to talk about is building. The building in Citadel is great and offers so much variety and different ways to build while not being a grind to get built. The problem though is that sometimes after server restarts, your buildings will despawn. Another problem is that due to such slow xp gain and how long and grindy it is to level up, the only structure you can build until level 25 (When you unlock stone which is hard to raid) is wooden structures. These structures are extremely weak and can easily be raided in mere minutes.Server Lag and Crashes:The most prevelant thing in all of Citadel is the absolute terrible lag the servers have. You will experience crashes multiple times, fatal errors on startup, problems joining, extremely high ping, bad network issues, but to be fair, when the game is not lagging, it runs very smooth on many setups. I get around 60fps constantly on the highest settings (when the server isn't lagging ofcourse).XP and Leveling:The last thing i wanted to touch on is the XP and Leveling. The system for leveling implemented in Citadel is an extremely long and tedious grind. In tandem with the terrible PvE combat (the main source of xp), you will have to grind your way to higher levels which will take hours upon hours killing monsters in a boring and tedious fashion. Expect to murder 1000's (Yes thousands) of blood orcs and tear your hair out at the bore to follow.Final Summary:Citadel: Forged with Fire is a beautiful concept that will inevitably work itself out. The devs are motivated to improving the game and release multiple updates every day. That said, the game in its current state ends up being a very repetitive and boring concept once you hit level 25. At its current stage expect a max of 25 hours of gameplay until you can't bear the boredom. I hope to see more added to the game and i wish the developers good luck.Overall Score: 5/10"
,Recommended,487120,33823732,Posted: 26 July,all,ashi,"tldr; The game has it very obvious optimization issues but it's overall content in terms of gameplay, world building/discovery, character progression and etc. make it somewhat justifiable for the low price of 20$. This game is fun playing with your friends. Avoid playing in your own private servers for now as it turns out that hosting and running the client by using the ""Custom Game"" option is proven to DOUBLE the amount of resources the game uses on your pc SIGNIFICANTLY reducing FPS.If you play on any official/rented servers, or simply anything that isn't your own personally hosted server, you should be fine.--------------------------------------------------EDIT #2: So turns out if you look in the discussions for this game you'll find a guide on how to set up a dedicated server. In my opinion so far this is the best method in terms of hosting if you can't afford/choose not to use a rented server. It's still pretty resource heavy but atleast the hosting isn't killing my fps anymore. Results may vary so take it as you will.EDIT: Some people seem to be under the impression that I'm misinforming people? I have clearly stated numerous times that optimization is a big issue and if you're concerned you should definately wait. But my review isn't a copy and paste of the countless boring ones complaining about the same optimization complaints over and over again.WITH THAT BEING SAID,   C L E A R L Y  (notice the capslock so you can make sure to not overlook the millions of times I have to repeat this) the optimization is  P O O R. I personally recommend WAITING if you're concerned about optimization.To not expect there to be some form of unstability on the LAUNCH of an EARLY ACCESS SURVIVAL GAME is a bit ignorant don't you think?--------------------------------------------------This is an EARLY ACCESS game, if it wasn't blatantly obvious it's going to have bugs then you clearly need to do some research on what that term even means. I'm not trying to justify the bugs or poor optimization in anyway. I don't condone that crap but for a game STILL IN DEVELOPMENT, I'll let this one pass considering it has actual content for once.So far in terms of content, I could say this game has more than the hundreds of dead survival open world EA games that have been in development and never left beta for 3+ years.Is this the best game in the world? Hell no. Is it a good game? Sure. In the numerous hours I've played I've had tons of fun. Obviously my only complaints would be the optimization but that's an issue currently being worked on and will probably be fixed over time.So what is it that I actually like about this game? The world is beautiful and vast. There are a variety of things you can do and different playstyles to suit your needs. It's clearly got that ARK: survival evolved formula in terms of the progression grinding but it had it's own spin on it with magic. The spells, weapons and armor you can craft feel more powerful the more you level up/craft better gear. The enemies always feel like they'll give you a challenge once you hit higher tier enemies (30+, 40+ 50+)It feels awesome to take down a massine mountain giant with a group of friends even though you're overwhelmingly under leveled and one or two hits would prob destroy you. It feels awesome to build up a nice fortress and even go on clan/guild/faction wars with other players.Hunting down that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ player who killed you and stole your♥♥♥♥♥♥after grinding your♥♥♥♥♥off and getting yourself better skills/weapons/armor? Feels good man.It feels good when you can tame ANY ENEMY in the game and even strap a saddle onto a ♥♥♥♥ING DRAGON and fly his♥♥♥♥♥where ever you want. The absolute adrenaline you feel trying to escape as you accidentally find yourself in the middle of a lvl 55+ dungeon when you're only lvl 25. Coming back to challange towering demons in an attempt to find awesome loot.The sense of discovery is strong in this game. I spend plenty of time just wandering around, getting lost and discovering new enemy camps, caves and so on. Time and time again I found myself saying ""What the ♥♥♥♥ is that?"" when an enemy i have never seen or fought before lunges an over powered attack at me. My fight or flight instincts battling each other while i hesitate only to get one shot and respawn several kilometers away.I've raged, I've screamed, I've laughed, and fist pumped in glorious accomplishment as I took down my first Pyrant. This is the kind of game that is amazing with friends but isn't that bad alone either. The content is there people. You just have to actually play the damn game to get there. Stop quitting on a game after 30 minutes and crying that it didn't hold your hand.--------------------------------------------------In terms of reviews I don't do rating systems since I think they're stupid. However, I do think this game is worth 20$. It's a decent price for the kind of content it currently has. If you're so worried about the optimization then wait a while.For once I'm confident this game won't turn out as bad as the numerous other trash survival EA games that plague steam.I don't usually write reviews for games, But it's sad to see people get deterred from something that's actually pretty decent for once.I hope this review has somehow helped you in some form and if you decide to actually get the game, I wish you a good experience."
,Recommended,487120,33918037,Posted: 30 July,all,Fapii,"After reading the many reviews, and comments I have decided to do my own,This game has not been out a week.What part of taming and flying a dragon does not entertain you? Someone commented there is nothing to do, not enough content. If you enjoy making a broomstick and flying around like HP, building Saruman's tower, slaying giants and looting gear and gold, and making friends that want to kill a large monster then this is a game for you. Yes it has bugs, yes it logs me out, however this game has given me great content and I do not plan on discountinuing my game play.These developers have done more updates in the last four days, than DayZ mods did in three years. Let's put it that way. I  have dealt with real time updates coming out. Sometimes good, sometimes bad, what I see is that they are WORKING on it.Cons:-Bugs-Login Error-Kicked from server load-Long load times-Rubber banding(glitchy) monsters-Voip buggy-Lag SpikesPros:-Fast fixes(Good developers)-Entertaining concept-Housing and building-Magik take-Flying-Taming beasts (dragons, horses, Elk)-Great community, Get in a clan and explore the world-Beauiful landscape (true landscape very accurate for the area)Overall I would Recommend this game. I believe that this game will evolve, with the community and will become bigger and more entertaining.Thank you."
76561198064106555,Recommended,487120,33866883,Posted: 28 July,all,mrorange,"+++ UPDATE ON 08/03 +++A new update came out yesterday which was supposed to fix the lag and the high ping on servers. Since this update I get a lot of strong lag and ""Server is not responding matches"". On the other hand it got a bit better than it has been before.As of now the game still has a huge ping and lag problem, on my private dedicated server I rented as well as on the official ones. Let's hope they will fix it on another update. The last one did not really to the trick.Still good and motivating game. But those problems I can still not recommend the game.+++ REVIEW AFTER 22 HOURS & 2 DAYS AFTER RELEASE - 07/29 +++First things first: this game is fantastic, from the fantasy theme of sorceres and magicians to the massive map with infinite building options, hundres of monsters a plenty of spells, weapons and equipment.The Early Access start was impressively well done. In 22 hours I only had 2 crashes.To get it out of the way: performance needs still optimization and the netcode seems to be not ideal, since I have a ping on my own Frankfurt based server (Germany, center of Europe) of 60 ms. On official servers it is almost unplayable for me at the moment. Developers working however hard to improve the netcode, they say. Let's hope to see here improvements in the coming week.Game is a survival sandbox where you can build simply everywhere huge castles and fortresses. You play as a Battlemage which is able to fly around with a Broomstick. The setting is fresh. The mechanics take the best of the genre. Good news, you do not have to take care of hunger, thirst, cold, etc. The only ressources you need are mana and HP.Since the game wants you to have fun, you can modify the servers for unlimited ressources for example. So no need to grind. Insofar, not grinding but spell fights are the stars of the game. And to get into it  you do not need to first grind 100 hours.Enemies are okay. At the moment it lacks a bit of variation, but I see where they going to. We can expect the whole fantasy, fairy tale scheme of monsters. I am super excited. I saw for now Goblins, Unicorns, Wolfs, Bears, Tree-Monsters, faries, etc.Fight-mechanic is easy, but makes a lot of fun. However the netcode needs to be improved in order to give you a feeling of more direct controls. At the moment there seems to be some delay.You have plenty of weapons for different playstyles, from melee to socerers staffs, wards and gloves. Very cool. Those weapons can be equiped with different spells.Besides of this you can craft or find in caves our treasures boxes further equipment, medals, amulets which change the points of your different attributes.Multiplayer seems to be the masterpiece of this game. At the moment I was mostly playing solo on my own server, but see where the mp is going to is very exciting.Developers will soon publish a roadmap: we can expect more weapons and equipment, endgame content, more monsters, even a bigger map, more interesting map points, events, etc. And of course hard work on the performance of the game.+++ CONCLUSION +++Very impressive Early Access game that comes already very polished concerning game mechanics and graphics. And so a way better start then RUST, ARK or H1Z1. Still some work has to be done on optimization and netcode. Definitely a game you can already buy now to have hundreds of hours of fun. Beware it is addicting. I will definitely stay with the game for quite some time. Since I got myself a server I feel like even getting more into it. Feel free to join me on my server ""mrorange"" (research in the menu).VERY MUCH RECOMMENDED EARLY ACCESS TITLE !!! ABSOLUTELY WORTH THE 17 EUR !!!"
76561198026384668,Recommended,487120,33898531,Posted: 29 July,all,Drachenfang,"8/15 update - 16 days later. An update has rolled out every Weds (at least) for the last few weeks. Server stability has improved and more content is being added on a regular basis.This game has some early access bugs but is otherwise an excellent time.Point of reference. I play on a small private PvE server most of the time.As of 7-30-17... These aspects are based on the game itself, not your particular server where player characters in a pvp setting (yes there is a pve only option too) may affect your individual experience or your particular pc and its different hardware/software configurations which may cause their own issues. This review assumes the game worked for you in its current state at the time this review was written.The Best:-You feel like a budding Sorcerer King with every step of the journey and progression. The spells all have great impact and when you cast them you really feel like you're wielding elemental wrath (at least with the staff, that was my weapon of choice).- The building system is beautiful. Whether you're making a nice wooden house or a sky scraping wizard's tower your place can be absolutely gorgeous and striking.-The beasts you can tame are likewise well modeled and excellent to utilize.-The Company has realeased several patches and some new content over the first few days after the early access launch. these folks care about their game and want to make it worth your while.The Worst:It's early access so there are many emergent problems.-Server stability (which has gotten much better over the last few days) is good but expect you may have the odd crash as you are out in the world going about your business.-Voice communication is currently choppy and hinders RP-Frame rates and server latency can cause some combats to be jumpy and enemy AI is very basicThe Future:There are a few fates in store for this game1- Early access reviews will slap the 'Mostly negative'/'mixed' stigmata on the game's rating and there will not be enough players to maintain the company's revenue and the game will slowly collapse.2- Continued development, steamlining, content increases, and bug fixing will make this game into a stable magical experience to quicken the blood and make your dreams of being a Socerer King among mere mortals come true.Should I buy it? :- Do you love the fantasy sandbox genre and have a few bucks to spare and some time?--- Then yes you should. For the price of a movie and a meal you'll get more hours of entertainment out of this than those same respective purchases- Are you just really excited after seeing an intro video or a streamer?--- Add this game to your wish list and keep your eye on it carefully. Read its news page for the next few weeks and watch the patch notes. Keep watching the videos and the streamers- Are you hung up about this game and its competition (which was released a few days before this game) and don't know which one to get?--- If you want to support the underdog indie studio try to make something special then get this one. If you want to get something which was a bit more polished at launch but whose company is a bit laggard in development then go with the competitor."
,Recommended,487120,33889223,Posted: 29 July,all,hyppr,"The reasons this is getting some bad reviews:1) Servers are currently experiencing problems due to the quickly rising popularity of this game, which they did not expect and will fix soon.2) The AI is not the best at this time.This game is amazing, fun to play and will get you hooked. It reminds me a bit of skyrim and his a similar play-style of rust, but be aware that it is a level-based game and you will have to farm a lot. My advice is to wait and get this in a couple of weeks when they have fixed the bugs. POTENTIAL."
76561198042579918,Not Recommended,487120,34075557,Posted: 6 August,all,elliron.clark,"I have played this game quite a bit over the past week or so and these are my conclusions.Pros:Beautiful worldBuilding mechanic is really well doneFlying mechanic is amazing(other than the amount of mana it takes)Active Devs working on fixing game breaking bugsCons:Everything to do with combatNPC mobs have a low aggro range, do little damage and have a high attack delay(You can just stand out of their aggro range and attack them, they dont respond)Most of your combat spells either don't work or do almost nothing(everyone just spams the same 3 spells [mainly fireball])PVP is basically just 1 or 2 shotting everyone, their level and gear doesnt make that much of a differenceMaterials even the high end ones are so easy to get that they are basically worthlessIf you are into building and on a PVP server when you leave expect your base to be destroyedIf you are into griefing, destroying peoples bases is so easy that you will probably get boredAlmost everything is bugged, server/lag issues etc.(its early access that is kind of expected)OverviewThis game seems incredible at the start, the visual effects, exploration and flying are really fun.If you enjoy building and hate combat/rpg then this game is for you and I suggest picking it up. (Seriously it is beautiful and you can make some epic buildings)If you are looking for any kind of challenge then this game offers nothing for you.The game is really more for casual instant gratification gamers and offers nothing for survival/rpg/pvpers."
,Recommended,487120,33820294,Posted: 26 July,all,TheMexiMan,"It was hard to stop playing to write this review. This is going to be a long one.This is a 2.6 hour review with a level 13 character (Gauntlet Mage) on a PvE server.Citadel: FwF is a decent game with a great premise.~Character CustomizationNot much to see here. Honestly a little lack luster. You are given a few basic head options and hair styles. You can then choose skin color(any color on the rainbow), hair color, nail color(not sure why?), and eye color. Personally, I had red skin and white hair with a long beard. Named myself Santa. You then choose where you spawn (out of three locations) and get going.~Starting outThis game does not try to hold your hand. When my bud and I started out, the only tip we were given is the Inventory button. That leaves room for exploration (and confusion). You are then thrust onto the new world, ready to go.~ProgressionThis game has a very good sense of progression. From choosing your first weapon and spells to learning how to make potions and structures. From level 1-10, I honestly felt like I was learning and improving. At times, the leveling can be slow. Just go find some orcs and get to slaying.~HarvestingIts fun. You either run around and gran it, use a spell that you learn at level 5, or kill things. That has been the extend of things for harvesting so far. Works as expected and you usually won't be doing it forever, so it doesn't take you out of the game.~CraftingCrafting happens slowly. One item (or multiple of that one item) at a time. No crafting queue. This carries over to the more advanced stations. You have to monitor if you want to craft more than one type of thing.~Enemy AIThe AI in this game is... unintelligent to say the least. As a level 10, I was able to kill a level 26 Mountain Giant by running around a rock. Sometimes, enemys deaggro off you very quickly, breaking the intensity of combat. This, I hope, is being fixed.~CombatThe combat in this game is great and bad. Great: You feel powerful when casting spells to decimate your enemys! Bad: The animations for enemy are janky and unpredictable. Sometimes attacks do not connect. No matter what you do. Orcs are Sonic in disguise with how fast they move. The only thing intense to fight are the bigger enemys. Easier to hit (even though they are blindlingly quick as well) because of the larger hitbox.~BuildingSo much fun. The buildings come together nicely and it always feels nice. Pair it with the decent harvesting system and building can be pretty laid back. Only a few times has a roof not come together right. Easily fixed.~TamingTaming is temporary. You use a spell to tame a creature over time until it is pacified. Then, you may walk up to it and put a scroll in it for more time. The creatures we tested it was with a Dire Wolf, Bear, and RazorClaw Bear.~OptimizationMy biggest fear. To be honest, it was not bad for me. On high settings, I had a solid 50fps. It would occasionally stoop to 45fps but other than that, It was not bad. I run an overclocked gtx960 with 16gb of ram. My bud (not sure which card) was fairing better with a solid 60fps stooping to 55fps.~ConclusionIs this game amazing? No. Is it fun? Very. In my almost 3 hours of playing, I have not run in to any outright bugs. This does not mean there is not any. I just have not personally ran in to any. I do hope they fix AI and Combat in general. Not much to complain about in this game. Not a bad EARLY ACCESS starting point. They have a ways to go, and I cannot wait for the next update.6/10... until the next update"
76561197998050806,Recommended,487120,33869786,Posted: 28 July,all,Noises,"This is my first Early Access review. Single player felt empty. I explored the island some, got lost. I died and returned to the start. I decided to build a base and things started to get interesting...The enemies roam the land and you can get some pretty interesting visitors and random situations developing as you're minding your own.There is no quest system yet and the game lacks progressive content, but the framework is there. The world is enormous with a lot of mystic-like areas that feel like they're part of a bigger picture. The magic is fun and engaging and fits any play style. My only complaint is the complete lack of any sort of dodge, however that's completely negated by the fact there's a blink teleport which is a dodge if you're any good...This game made me feel like a hairy wizard.I can't wait to see a better char creation with more features and story content....and in the mean time, I'm going to go fly a broom!!!!!"
76561198106858785,Recommended,487120,33879783,Posted: 29 July,all,Drome,"Suprisingly good for an early access title.This is basically Ark + rust, set in medival times with wizards. What more could you possibly want.Sandbox with rpg aspects, its basically my dream game.3 patches in 2 days to fix bigs and add content, its looking positive!"
,Not Recommended,487120,34385829,Posted: 20 August,all,Breadley Sandwich,"The developers took a wrong turn with raiding... Only level 35 players can raid bases... and we are now defenseless again their ""5000%"" seige spells... and you cant even try to get your stuff back until you have these spells aswell. WILL CHANGE REVIEW WHEN THEY FIX THIS.*UPDATE*Developers checked siege spells to level 15 for the lowest one. I put in some research and I still find this to be a very very poor choice. The items needed for one of these attacks means you have to kill 3 dragons. No level 15 is going and killing dragons. So my review stands. Except where I thought it would be a few level 35's running around griefing, it turns out servers are run by houses of lvl 45 and above going around destroying all structures (and killing all dragons to get seige spells). Which they still might try to do without the spells but it would take much longer and they wouldn't have the ability to destroy entire bases as easily. I did find out however that stone holds up a little better against these spells. I was talking to a lvl 45 griefer and he recommended just letting them blow up my wood houses until I was high enough level for stone houses. BS/endrantBottom line:-Seige spells remain bad-lvl 15 can't hunt dragons-clans of lvl 45+ run servers-we just have to listen to the stonger players until we can hide in our stone bases... and MAYBE they wont use their endless supply of seige spells that they got from killing all of the dragons in the server to kill our bases."
76561198047606293,Not Recommended,487120,34243434,Posted: 14 August,all,UberKull,"I've put in a lot of hours in this game. I am also a small streamer that streams this game on Twitch to help it gain interest. But I paid for this game and expected more...The game grows on you until you get punched in the face by it's issues.**Update October 5th**With the latest update, this developer has decided to make building in the game more difficult by increasing resources required AND having to use the Forge to make materials just to build walls. Instead of sticking with more basic materials like stone, they have forced the player to farm precious stone, combine that with regular stone in the Forge and create bricks one by one. What use to take less than 10 seconds to build a wall, now takes over a minute...for one wall.So instead of adding real content to the game, the developer is adding grind to end game base building. Turning the only thing that was enjoyable in the game as it stands...base building...into a job of endless grinding just to build basic end level structures.In addition, the developer community manager decided to turn on the community,  deleting posts and banning players posting their negative feedback about this latest patch. Hardly a game you want to invest in given the lack of direction, lack of content, and treatment of their player base.**Update August 21st**The developer has changed the Raid system and introduced Siege Spells. These are the only spells that can damage base walls now. However, the shields and turrets are still not effective for base defense and can be damaged by normal character spells.I still stand by my review as it's fair and will hopefully give players an idea of what they are investing in.**- If you are a base builder and enjoy pvp, stay away. You can build amazing bases but there are zero defenses you can put in place that help fight off base raids. Shield domes that do nothing, turrets that do no damage to high level players, top tier rock walls that can be melted in seconds.- The higher level spells are so overpowered that players and bases on PvP servers have no chance. (**See Update Above**)- The resources and 'treasures' in the game are so easy to obtain that storing them away in your base hardly matters. Raiding has no purpose when all the resources are easily obtained. Raiding is only to destroy, and it's way to easy to do that right now.- PVE? There are only like 10 mob varieties in the game. And they repeat across the map, just have more HP and deal more damage in the 'higher' level zones.- There is currently no real objectives. No dungeons(just caves), no neutral NPC hubs, no purpose other than explore a small map and fight repeated mobs that respawn in a predictable pattern and timeframe. There is a leveling system and skill tree, but you can only use those skills to fight other players and have a challenge. The AI mobs are not a challenge.There are public and private servers. You can rent your own server. No solo play unless you password protect your own, private server.There are plenty of server issues that still exist as of this review. You will also get a couple restarts of the official servers daily to clean up issues...and respawn chest and resources...Yes, that doesn't occur naturally all the time.Overall, 6/10. I hope it improves as it has some great core gameplay elements."
76561198023307252,Recommended,487120,33888410,Posted: 29 July,all,FriendlyGamerGuy,"I wasn't gonna leave a review yet, but I have some things to say that I believe are relevant if you are considering buying this game right now:First of all, the biggest issue this game has is that people are leaving negative reviews on an EARLY ACCESS game solely because the game has some server issues or bugs, which are being fixed DAILY by the devs. Every day this game has been out so far it has received a patch aimed at fixing it's issues and stability. The devs obviously care about this game and plan to make it work.Buying an early access game and giving it a negative review for the reasons mentioned above is like getting what you asked for on Christmas but throwing it away because you didn't feel like unwrapping it. This game has been fun and interesting in the little bit of time I have played it and I can tell it has a lot of potential, not just because of the concepts and features in it but again, because the devs care about it.I personally am glad I bought into the TESTING EXPERIENCE so that I have the chance to help this game become as good as possible by giving feedback and helping the devs out as much as possible. If this isn't your intentions when buying into an early access game, you probably shouldn't buy early access games. I could see negative reviews being appropriate if the game just had bad ideas or things in the game weren't making sense or fun (assuming you could play it without server issues or bugs), but almost all of the negative reviews are just people complaining about the server issues and bugs, which if I had to guess will be fixed soon and I highly doubt those people will change their reviews after that happens.In the end, if your PC meets the spec requirements and you want a game as described on Citadel: Forged with Fire's store page, and to be a part of it's development process, then this early access game is probably for you.I personally highly recommend this game, as I see nothing bad about it. Just an early access game having a rough start but also has a lot of potential and will be a lot more fun once the bugs and server issues are resolved.I will say if you want to jump in an enjoy it right away, as I originally did, that might not happen due to the issues I've experienced. However you may have a different experience than me and right now I am waiting for some more fixes and patches, but I am still very optimistic about this game.EDIT: I'd also like to mention, since a lot of people are comparing Citadel: Forged with Fire to survival games, that this is NOT a survival game. You won't die no matter how long you stand around, unless something attacks you. There is no ""food"" or anything like that. There is however health and mana potions you can craft, but that still doesn't make it a ""survival game"".What you actually end up doing is farming experience and crafting materials while also unlocking spells, building shelter, crafting gear and exploring/fighting enemies/looting.I have played this game a bit more since I originally posted my review, and the more I play the more it seems I am enjoying this game.EDIT: this review is still relevant. People still haven't a clue what ""early access"" is meant for."
,Recommended,487120,33827360,Posted: 27 July,all,F1R3FLY,"Citadel: Forged with Fire Review=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=UPDATE 2 (05/08): First week out on EA and the game is steadily being fixed. FPS is much better but there are still issues with PING. Server List Menu has poor functionality but game is now at least playable. Devs have been actively sorting issues out and seem to be off to a good start addressing issues/suggestions.UPDATE 1: The latest patch has made the game quite unplayable for me atm. I would hold off until the game-destroying bugs are fixed. :)  #fatalerrorI played the beta, so I already have enough hours experience to write this review for the current state of the game (which is what we have to go on, not what could be implemented in the game).Overall, I love the concept of this game. A sandbox mmo with the feel of a better Rust, a little more optimised Ark (I can actually get on and play, although I did notice there are a number of folks having issues with fps) and all without the survival elements that make those games very tedious - you don't have a stamina bar that requires you to rest, you don't have to drink or eat to satisfy thirst and hunger. Massive plus.Building:=-=-=-=The building in this game allows your creativity to flow, in a similar style to Rust building placement. This with more creativity and with more options, without the really horrible, tedious Ark building system (where you have to craft the items first, then drag those items into hotbar for placement). No, this game allows you to have the regular and traingular foundations BUT ALSO rounded walls for higher tier building. Building is now fun for me.Bugs and Issues:=-=-=-=-=-=-=-That said, there are a number of issues in its current state. It takes a while to find a server that isn\t full and there isn't nearly enough EU servers. There are a ton of US servers so you have more options. Enemies are buggy, they often become static when attacked which doesn't provide any significant challenge. 40 player limit (for now) and not enough servers means, at least on launch day (and as was the case for beta), waiting a while to join a server that is best for your region and even then, there were network issues on a few servers (your ping will be advertised as 100 but jump to 1000 when joined).The game is buggy, but it is not unplayable when you eventually find the right server for you and the experience is very rewarding, even in its current state.  I don't have the beefiest of pc's compared to current gen, I sport 16GB RAM, GTX970 and i5-6500. And the game averages 40 fps at high settings. Although there are dips at times to the 20s.Conclusion:=-=-=-=-=Although this review is for the current state of the game, I am hopeful that things will continue to improve with a host of bug fixes and I am happy to contribute to this Early Access title because I love watching games, with genre's I like, grow and develop, with a small voice that may or may not get to influence change to form a game that I truly love.That's as honest as I can be. :)"
,Not Recommended,487120,35031135,Posted: 17 September,all,MFDOOM,"I've held off on writing for a while but i figured now it’s time to finally write it. I know i do not have a ton of hours, but i’ve been with this game since launch day.This review comes from the perspective of playing the game, and hosting a private server for the game. My server; Avalon - was up an hour after the game launched, and to this day as i’m writing the review it is still up. So to say i’m generally invested in this game is an understatement.Here’s a basic tl;dr of the main issues as i see it- i’ll try to elaborate on each.Map is small/mobs are boringThe devs said in their live stream they have no plans to add to the size of the map. Really disappointing because the map is fairly small.The monsters in the game aren’t that great. You can range them down before they even get to you. Adding to that, there’s only like a total of 15 mobs in the game right now.Lack of objectivesThe only objective of this game is to level and build; and leveling is only a means of unlocking new items to craft/build. And building in incredibly easy, as resources are abundant. Once you build yourself a nice base, there’s really nothing else to do. There’s no deep or intricate production/craft chains.Lack of directionI think the dev team is great; they seem passionate about the game and want it to succeed. They’re very personal with the community (discord) and sometimes they release 2-3 updates a week. But the updates are shallow and the current updates lack a proper direction.Each week they release an update; but the updates they release don’t add that much gameplay. They added marble structures. Most players will come back; build for 1-2 hours and then leave. They added a few creatures; most players will come back, try out the new creature and leave.No point to pvp or raidingThere no point to pvp besides to player kill. There’s zero competition for resources, zero reasons to engage someone. Which breathes a way bigger issue; griefing. Veteran players will simply kill newbies for the sake of killing them, because they have nothing else to do. The devs said they plan on adding a rank system for pvp, this is just going to encourage more griefing.For raiding it’s the same thing; there’s no point too it besides wanting to wipe out someone’s base.Quality of lifeThe game for some reasons lacks basic features that a game should have before hitting EA. You can’t delete your character, you can’t make a new (second) character, there’s no local chat, chat commands like /r don’t work, settings constantly reset. I just think by now these things should have been addressed.OptimizationIt feels like they release an optimization patch each week; and it seems like half of them don’t do much. At the start of a new server you’ll load in within a minute and be at a stable 60 fps at max settings. Come back in a week you’ll take a lot longer to load in, and you’re fps bounces between 35-40.I know structures built causes this sort of thing; but there are a ton of other games out there that resemble citadel that don’t have this issue. Even as a server admin this becomes annoying. For some reason when servers are up for 3-4 hours they start to lag and a restart of the server usually resolves it. Eventually restarts take 10 minutes because the game world takes so long to load.ServersAnd this leads me to another issue; the servers. I wish the dev team would consolidate servers, and rent their own hardware to host. They currently have servers hosted by g-portal - for anyone who has hosted a server in the past, hearing the name g-portal should tell you everything you need to know about their service.I find it really weird that the official servers are hosted on game-servers with worse hardware than private servers.I have 3 months left on my server host (paid for 5 months) and after that i’ll be moving on. I supported the game for a while, but after the past few updates i don’t see a proper direction. I didn’t want to write a negative review; but this may be the only way to get feedback noticed it seems. Despite constantly leaving feedback on the discord.Add some objectives, give players things to do besides build - because building really has no purpose in this game other than crafting stations. There’s no point to pvp besides PK. Make some arenas, add towns and npcs, make currency a thing. Resources are too abundant."
,Recommended,487120,33936181,Posted: 31 July,all,Vladimir Shootin,"I'm usually super critical of games, specially 20$+ early access titles, but im going to drop a recomend on this title. Here's why:I fell like this game has massive potential. If you're into survival sandbox types like Ark or Rust this is a must watch for your list. My first day pulled me into a no life 15 hour grind fest. And yes it is a bit of a grind fest, BUT the progression is rewarding enough that it doesn't feel stale or boring. The map is HUGE with plenty of exploring and discovering to be done. Of course there are the various early access problems you encounter with most rushed to market titles. server issues are abundant, the AI is a bit underwhelming, raiding needs huge balances, and more items and spells would deffinitley be a welcome sight.All of that aside the main reason im actually giving my thumb of approval on this title comes down to a few simple thing.1) the game brings a whole new dimension and feel to the ""survival sandbox"" genre.2) even with the issues it has it still managed to draw me into a no life session consuming an entire day.3) and most importantly in the 4 days this game has been there have already been multiple patches trying to adress some of the issues i mentioned above. The devs seem to legitamitley care for our experience in this game and seem like they are going to put in the effort to take it where it needs to be."
76561198032152902,Not Recommended,487120,33855928,Posted: 28 July,all,Crøwe,"The game could be fun, but DONT buy it now. you might get a good 24 hours out of playing it, but everyone eventually gets the bug where your character becomes stuck and you can't access the menu so you can't reset your character. Server restarts do not fix this, so your only solution is to chose another server - once this is fixed i will recommend the game most likely, but currently this is simply a bug that occurs due to playtime that is not fixable.Aside from that, the combat is great and will be very fun once the ping issue is resolved - if server is up for more than an hour then ping usually spikes to 500 immediately at the hour mark and increases from there. I recommend playing on an hourly restart server, as official servers only restart 2 times a day or when they crash which is unreliable.Don't play this like Ark or Rust - Currently top level bases are able to be broken into by the first staff spell that you unlock, so you can't get a cache of useful items unless your base is well hidden - for example, place foundations in the water and put a box there to store your things. Hiding is better than large buildings as it takes 3 mana pots to break tier 3 walls. with the level 30 staff."
,Recommended,487120,33815225,Posted: 26 July,all,Captain Morgan Spiced Cunt,"The game needs optimising, however as a standalone game it's rather enjoyable. You can tame creatures, learn magical spells and build bases. There are tons of servers to play on from PVE to PVP, you can be a gauntlet wielder who uses conjuring spells. You could use a wand, someone who is more precise with spells and single target, or you can use a staff and become an AOE monster who targets multiple enemies at once. It's different in terms of farming materials than other games, you don't use a pickaxe or an axe to farm you instead use a spell called ""Extract"" which allows you to pull the roots from the trees or rip the stone from the ground. Magic is everything in this game, unless of course you're an axe wielding berserk maniac who runs around chopping down foes with one mighty swing.Long story short, I feel like I could really enjoy this game and have a ton of fun If only it was optimised properly. I've already seen the recommended card, and I know that my card is capable of playing it. (GTX 1070) So I'll just wait until they patch it before playing again, I'm definitely going to keep the game for a while and see what they do with it.If you enjoy fantasy, medieval sandbox games with magical combat and flying broomsticks then this is the game for you. Oh, and don't forget to tame a couple dragons and rain down fireballs on your foes to pass the time."
76561198065548095,Recommended,487120,33829847,Posted: 27 July,all,Caz The Hero,"Disclaimer: I don't write reviews much, its 4:50 am, and I logged off because of the server telling me too, (not communicating?)Most neg. reviews here are for the optimization and not the game play or mechanics, and I guess that is okay. This game is early access and just hit within the past 24 hrs of this review, so bugs are to be expected. So far I personally haven't had any game crashes, major game stopping bugs, or MASSIVE framera-p-e.  BUT these flaws do exist, my two friends whom have joined me have had MASSIVE framera-p-e, and constant fatal crashes.  So now on to the pros / cons - yada yada.-PROS:~~This is like Ark's sister game, (by the same studio even, crazy right?!) and therefore is essentially the same concept. The cool part here is that instead of Dino's, and cave man gear we get Mythical beasts and spells and stuff yo.~~THIS GAME'S BUILDING IS ACTUALLY GOOD!?!?! Hassle free easy snap mechanics that function quite well for just releasing, and with a bit of touch up will easily surpass many other sandbox style games building. Not to mention the items you can build look cool AF, and the stuff isn't insanely hard to make / learn / use.~~Combat* This games combat is actually heading down a decent path, albeit it is bad... (but this is the pros section, bad combat stuff is in cons)The combat functions like a more simplified version of Skyrims Lmb / Rmb attack functions, has two consumable slots on the hot bar, a activateable triken slot, AND a button for switching between an offhand weapon with its own set of Lmb / Rmb attack options.Aside from mechanics, I personally liked running around  lazering / smashing / fireballing / magic missling things to death, I just hope the devs soon release monster mechanics instead of just ranged and melee bullet sponges. (which aren't overly spongey.)~~Skill / Talents / Character BuildsThe skill / knowledge tree is actually pretty fleshed out and amazes me with the possible build paths. Tank, melee dps, ranged dps, hybrid, its all there you just have to get gear and skills set right. It's cool. The greates acomplishment here IMO is that I never feel like Im getting cheated on the tree, I get enough points to learn something useful and that next unlock is right there, giving me something to push for. My biggest hope for this game is an even bigger knowledge tree!  MOAR TINGS GUD!!!!-Cons: (More than just optimization?! Whoa!)~~Combat* (Yeah its here in the cons too... )This game really scratches my itch for coop skyrim, but man are these animations AWFUL, and that is OKAY -EARLY ACCESS GAME -Some hits miss / don't connect ---> Early access gameThe mobs are pretty much the most plebian lvl newbs ya can fight, not really mechanically all there I'd imagine and they all look the part too, but that Pyrtitan looks cool AF~~CraftingKinda intensive as far as- Can't que differnt items to build, (I.E can only have one going then have to manually start a new project, but can do multiples of one item at a time.)-The storage containers are horribly small therefore the hoarder player is going to need a seperate warehouse just for storage containers.-The UI could use a touch of clean up  (Small details make life better)- Need MOAR THINGS, --- obviously that will happen in time, I just want more now :P~~THE WORLD / Loading things / gatheringSo I imagine this probably isn't to big a deal, but there is a rather annyoing thing where sometimes you go on down to loot an area and pick a plant but don't get it, thats cool, then suddenly all the trees / rocks / and resources go poof!(It's most likely because someone looted the area, and when you activate something the area updates to the servers real time and everything hasn't respawned yet.)~~ Optimization  -- Yeah its bad... for other people, mine hasn't dropped below 30fps, and normally it sits at 55 - 63 fps(Im running a pretty good laptop)BUT like I said earlier this game has isses with Lag, disconnects, connects, crashes, errors, rendering, just getting good frames, and such. But they are not nearly as bad as the neg. reviews say.TL:DR - Just buy the game for 20$ try it for 2hrs and return it if you don't like it. Its a fun game, it just hit steam Early Access, it is actually better than most early access games right now, and some full launched games as well! I'm sure the devs are going to load it full of content and I'm super stoked to see where it goes.ALSO FLYING IN THIS GAME IS SO MUCH FUN OMFG I CAN FLY ALL DAY AND MESS AROUND IN THIS GAME. ITS LIKE HARRY POTTER SIMULATOR (10/10 would recmmend the flying is AMAZEBALLZ)-- IF you read this far and have questions about THIS GAME Pm me, I will try to answer ASAP"
,Recommended,487120,33897179,Posted: 29 July,all,Jerry5472,"A LOT of people are complaining about the servers and rightly so, but the developers weren't expecting such a huge immediate intrest and so they weren't prepared for so many people, this will most likely (with the current rate of updates) be fixed soon. Another complaint is the AI and they have a point here since almost everything can be cheesed at lower levels.now onto good stuff, destruction is cool, the magic is fun if a little repetitive, the graphics are really nice, the base building functions better than a lot of early access titles and overall its a fun game that if properly managed in the future could lead to something absolutely fantastic, if you're someone who can't stand games with bugs then newsflash, maybe early access isn't for you. this game is not perfect, it lacks content, but it has POTENTIAL.p.s. way more fun with friends."
,Not Recommended,487120,34430695,Posted: 22 August,all,Dhuran,"As of now, the gameplay loop is:1. Level up2. Build stuff3. Craft stuff4. Tame stuff5. Log off6. Lose everything you built, crafted and tamed while offline7. Log on8. Repeat from 1.I've put a few hours in and this has been consistant. I have never seen nor heard of any PvP happening. It's basically PvNothing since everyone just waits until other players log off.EDIT: This is a shame since I like the atmosphere/feel and the gameplay. If they can balance raiding and house dynamics to encourage actual conflict and clean up the AI and server stability, this will be golden."
76561198197179415,Recommended,487120,33954169,Posted: 1 August,all,Yeff,"This is my first review about a game.So to start this game is quite buggy, as expected. This game really never crashes except (for me) when im loading into a world.The game contains lots to do, from building to adventuring, and even flying on a broomstick.This game currently has a good amount to do, of course the game did just come out a couple days ago as of writing this review. The game devs have a LOT to work on, especially on bug fixes. The game needs work in a lot of areas.The reason im giving this game a Recommended review is because the game has everything i like, you can BUILD in a mmorpg, you can FLY AROUND ON A BROOMSTICK, and you can slay monsters and tame them aswell. Really this game is meant for people who like building and like adventuring killing monsters. This game does not have quests, but thats the fun part, you give yourself quests. all in all i personallly love this game, it may have lots of bugs but for early access thats normal, but i would give this game a 7.5.- lots of bugs+tons of stuff to do+can fly around on a broomstick+ oh and you can build=)EDIT: for everyone who says this game is bad, remember IT JUST CAME OUT GIVE IT A CHANCE. most reviews say thsi game is garbage because of optimization issues, fps, etc. yeah its going to be unoptimized, IT JUST CAME OUT. i understand if a game is unplayable then leave a bad review but for me i use a gtx 1050 ti and i get a avg fps of 30 to 40. my gpu is a low end pascal card and i run it no problem, the only time i lag is because i dont have enough ram (i have 8gb 1600 mhz ram) and so when the game uses over 8 gbs of ram i lag and game goes to 0 fps. anyway yeah dont leave a bad review is your computer cant handle it, just get a better computer if you ACTUALLY want to play the game."
,Recommended,487120,33862981,Posted: 28 July,all,IwanttoDie,"Tbh, can't really write an adequate review until I have experienced more of the game, so I will just list the pros and cons of what I have seen.Pros:Base BuildingPvP (When its not lagging)Resource Gathering (When its not lagging)LOTS of PvE (When its not lagging)A Good Experience System/The more time you spend on it, the higher level you will haveLittle-to-No Screenfreezes (Like the ones in ARK that mess up even the beefiest of pcs)No  Rules on Officials :PCons/Bugs:Lag, lots of it, at timesRaiding Needs to be Optimized Better (Recommend a PvE server unless you have alot of time to play on it)Turrets dont shoot playersTames Exp is buggedTames fall through the map at times, unrecoverableOn some servers enemies dont even attack youWhen the server restarts/crashes, anything that you were crafting in a bench/table (etc) are completely goneSpamming spells on your hotbar completely lags the serverSome spells can literally one hit bases (Telekin can pick up bases)These are all of the pros and cons I could think of atm, I plan to post a review every now and then, if the game stays updated and fun lolFuture Ideas:BossesTurrets that Shoot PlayersA Better basehealth system"
76561198119948525,Not Recommended,487120,34768815,Posted: 5 September,all,Rena,"i love the concept of this game, however, the game is broke AF. i tried to find a server to play on, and looks like all of the servers are dead already? i'll be paitently waiting for them to update and make the game more playable and worth my time. :)"
,Recommended,487120,33901938,Posted: 30 July,all,Mcfad,"***EDIT 05/08/17*** For me the server issues are no more that was the first thing the devs updated and performance so my game now runs really smoothly and without lag!!!I dont want to give this a bad review i want to leave it neutral and address some complaints people have.The Serversyes they are crap the lag is awful and makes farming some stuff difficult but when it runs smooth its amazingly fun. ***fixed**The Combatyeah derp ai and not much choice of combat but its early access would you rather have 2 enemys and multiple attacks or would u like to see a living world with fantasy creatures which can be fixed later..?The GrindingJesus why are people moaning about the grinding , have they never played an mmo before the grind is fine infact u can level up super quick by picking stuff up and crafting got to level 5 in 20..Performancethe bad performance is mainly down to server when it runs fine i get about 55 fps everything on epic  im running a gtx 970All in all if your unsure wait a few weeks , thier is nothing badly wrong with this game that cant be fixed  because it is early access and it has been relaesed for 3 days at the time of this review but i love the setting the graphics  and its concept its a fresh midevil game:)"
,Not Recommended,487120,33882914,Posted: 29 July,all,Dozenbeer,"Its a good game, but for now I dont think there is much to do. You see the major flaws that the game has way past the 2 hour line.Pros:+ graphics are nice+ controls are intuitive+ nice UI and item management+ skill trees have good variety+ no food or thirst meter+ level up system is good+ taming of animals, as well as enemies in general+ some animals can be mounted+ taming only lasts for 30min and can be extended with scrolls, a good mechanic in my opinion+ fly with a broomstick like a witch+ magic and spells are well implemented+ gathering resources isnt as tedious as in other games, you can even gather stuff with magic from a distance+ party up with people or let them join your guild+ the building is really good and easy, no tedious crafting of building materials+ caves that sort of resemble dungeons you can go through to get better loot at the end+ dragons in various forms+ huge map+ unique resources and crafting recipes+ you can play it in singleplayer+ fast travel towers, where you can teleport between themCons:- the leveling up and exp rate is super slow on standard, even on 3 times the rate it feels slow to level up- the best way to level up is to kill animals and enemies, but at some point it gets boring, because there are just a few enemy types in the game so far and you will be killing harmless horses without even collecting their loot.....- having an animal as a mount is pointless, its not really faster than sprinting by foot (which you can do infinitely) and its useless because flying with the broom gets you up hills and mountains and is a lot faster- the games performance is awful, GTX 1080 and the game runs from 30 to 60 fps constantly jumping and being more in the 30 than I want it to- you cant repair your buildings, I guess this is going to be fixed, but even when its supposed to work, you gotta unlock the repair skill which you get way past your building stuff and inbetween that time, you cant repair your damaged walls at all- it gets boring real fast, the map feels the same no matter where you stand, there arent any cool points of interest other than the dungeon, which can be super difficult to master if you play on your own, some absolutely can only be done with a group- weapons break down without any meter telling you when its going to break- its buggy, had several crashes and game breaking bugs, like enemies not fighting back- you can only equip 2 spells to one weapon (left and right mouse button) which is super annoying as you have to constantly switch out spells, like the taming spell with the gathering spell, back to the damage spell- PVP can get unbalanced if you dont pick the right weapon, an axe for example has a short range spell and good melee damage, but has no chance against the super fast wand that has a long reach and ""machinegun"" spells, almost every player I encountered had this weapon- PVP battles can drag forever, as there are no cooldowns on potions- right now, you can just log out during a fight to avoid death, there is no timer on logout- you always have to create a mage/wizard character, there is no real barbarian warrior melee option here- character creation is very limited, with only 4 faces and hairstyles- enemy NPCs attack you, while you are in your home, attacking the outside wall, as if they know you are in there.....- on some points of the map there are literal mana and health pools, where you can swim in and regenerate your health and mana, but its so unbelievably slow, its like every 2 seconds you recover 1 point, its tedious when you go there with 150/400 health points- enemies have no ragdoll, they die in fixed animations, which is a huge letdown for meLike I said, the game is actually quite good, but I wouldnt recommend playing it right now, as other games in this genre give you way better gameplay and content. The magic to be honest didnt really do much difference in the long run. Instead of flying on a dinosaur you fly on a broom. Instead of firing a pistol, you fire your magic shots. Keep an eye out on Citadel, maybe it gets better with time, for now, save your money."
76561198141716628,Recommended,487120,33943356,Posted: 31 July,all,Toecutter,"Ok, so this is an early release game.  If you know what that means and are fine with paying for it now you should also be understanding of any issues you run into.  After all this is supposed to be an interactive relationship with the developers on how to make the game better.  I have played for a while on a private server with friends.  I have come across several bugs already mentioned in the discussions.  Those will be addressed in due time. The game has lots of potential and is very playable at this time.Things I liked:I love that I don't have to scrounge for food and water.I like that I don't have to sleep.That kind of busy work can detract for the fun you are supposed to be having.I like the crafting and building aspects.The flying is a very unique facet.Constructive comments:Upgrading building sections (wood to stone) forces you to desroy the previous section, which is fine execpt if you have a crafting station or anything else on that section.  That item also gets destroyed.  I would prefer that not be the case but I could live with it.I think the tech tree is currently too light, but I expect this to grow.There aren't many types of enemies, but see above.I would like to see traders/markets for crafted/found loot.I would like to see more resource types, especially some in the lakes/rivers to make use of that environment.Some sort of major events would make life more interesting, like NPC sieges.I would like more slots for trinkets.The taming mechanic is different than I am used to.  Seems more natural to permanently tame something, but I'll wait to see how this plays out.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqG2vVjJH1wThe bottom line is, If you jump in now you will have fun, even now at this stage.  If you decide to wait, I would suggest putting this on your wishlist, just to track it."
,Recommended,487120,33918449,Posted: 30 July,all,Hans Yolo,"You know, I first saw the trailer for this game about 4-6 months ago on YouTube, and thought that it looked pretty cool. I picked it up after seeing about 2-3 hours worth of gameplay from multiple different people, and I'm glad I did. This game has some great potential, and is fun to play now as-is, but I do wish there was more.It's kind of hard/tedous/ a choir to play solo on certain things, like Knowledge unlocks. There are things that you have to unlock so that you can progress through the game, but so far, at level 12 (my highest of 3 characters), I have almost all the things that are necessary, but very little in the way of weapons and armor. Granted I'm still doing good with the first tier of crafted armor and same tier staff. The game definetly caters to smaller groups of 2 to 3, judging by some videos I have seen from a YouTuber I enjoy, who has a total group size of 3. Being solo it's harder to kill any creature or monster simply because it's only 1 weapon attacking it, and not 2 or 3. While that isn't a big issue for lower tier monsters, I can see it being a problem trying to kill any of the ""bosses"", but that I mean any monster that has tens or dozens of thousands of HP, luckaly they aren't nearly as common as the typical Blood Ork or Wolf or Bear. If there was one thing that I would change right now, it would be to add 1 extra Knowledge per level. It would help going solo so much, and make the game more fun. I don't know if that would make it OP at end-game, but it would make it sooooo much more fun getting there.The building is quite nice, it works well most of the time, and has a great look. There have been times where it took a minute to get a certain item exactly the way I wanted, but nothing major.Combat is simple, very simple. You can have up to 2 Spells bound to your weapon, left click and right click, and other than that you honestly just have to watch your Health and Mana, and drink a potion to replenish either. Those potions are very cheap, too. At least at lower levels, like me. Also, maybe it's just me, but the Staff seems much better than the other weapons. The Wand is fast, but not so fast that I would choose it over the Staff, haven't tried the Melee, but I'd rather have range in this game since almost everyone else is using the staff, and the Gauntlets from the very very little I have seen, seem are DoT weapons, and are good at the higher tiers, which take a while to get to.Crafting is your typical crafting, some things require a specific type of bench to be made. (That's one of the items you NEED, and each one costs 2 Knowledge, and there's like 4 or 5 base level ones.)I haven't messed with taming at all, because I've had to unlock other things that are needed, but from what I've heard in servers and seen in videos, it's also quite important. It's not like ARK: Survival Evolved, in Citadel you only keep them for 15 mins but that can be upgraded with taming scrolls, some of the high level ones count the time per scroll by days, not hours. And you can only tame things within 10 levels of yourself. But like I said, that is what I have heard from multiple people in-game and in videos, not first hand experience.I can see the game becoming boring if you're solo like me, just because I have a feeling that the more Northern portion of the map will be hard to deal with solo, even with being the right level. But that's just a feeling, I haven't actually gone up there yet. OR it becoming boring after your group has a nice castle/keep, and has already raided another player's base, which is also extremely easy, even at low levels. Hopefully they will add more end-game content, and more content in general, and I don't see they wouldn't.If you're expecting a full game right now, well it isn't. It's in Early Access, but it's a good Early Access game. Blue Isle Studios had a great canvas infront of them; now make it a masterpiece, guys."
76561198037690984,Recommended,487120,33821278,Posted: 26 July,all,¤G0LD3N V.A.G™,Low - 24 fpsMed - 24 fpsUltra -24 fps720p - 30 fps1440p - 24 fps¯\_(ツ)_/¯GTX 1060
76561198125404052,Recommended,487120,34025695,Posted: 4 August,all,EscapingSierra,"I am kind of mixed about this game.Long story short, there doesn't seem like there is much to actually do. Of course I will always support and love these types of games, and I for sure got my fun out of it in this EA state.On the down side, the taming seems rather useless. I do not know whether it was my game or an ongoing thing with others as well, but everytime I tamed something, had them safely in or at my base, a relog or server restart would either kill them or make them just completely disapear. The game seems to lack variety. There are not very many different creatures or overall projects to keep you sucked in for hours.On the bright side, the map sort of felt like a farcry or skyrim thing where there are camps that you can actually go kill enemys and get a reward. There are caves to explore and fast travel towers. This is all extremely unique for this kind of game. The building is FANTASTIC. It is easy, smooth, satisfying, and looks beautiful. My boyfriend and I were playing and he just kept talking about all he wanted to do was build because it worked so nicely.Overall, this game is great but I think lacks some much needed content. If you want to be a true wizard, this will hit the spot but maybe wait a little longer, it needs some more work and more added in. In the games' current EA state I would give it about a 6.5/10 for the pure enjoyment I have with these survival/base building/crafting games. Once more updates come along and more gets added, I will certainly be playing again!"
,Recommended,487120,33888046,Posted: 29 July,all,Darryl,"Citadel is turning out to be a great game, but there is still a ways to go for this to be a fully-featured title. This game contains countless hours of picking mana plants that you constantly run out of, servers needing to be reset every few hours due to some issue that causes them to lag out after too much time online, and AI that isn't very intelligent at all.Now, now, I know what you're thinking: that game sounds like♥♥♥♥♥♥.. You're almost right, but even with these bugs the game is still super enjoyable and I don't see myself giving up on it anytime soon.  Houses are far too easy to raid, but luckily the it's not really your posessions in this game that is valuable, it's your character and his levels - which never goes away.Overall, I would reccommend this game."
76561198019757361,Recommended,487120,33831848,Posted: 27 July,all,haydenchris,"Great game already even with it being EA. Personally I think DnL is better and more epic with that feeling more like Skyrim while this feels more like fable. It is however allot easier/lower risk to explore with you retaining gear and allot more casual a game being survival light at best.Great design and graphics are impressive. The cloth physics are particularly impressive. As a smaller landscape it feel like its real strength is in a open zone, PVP, arena...ish game. I can see this being most fun with a full server, several houses with their own forts going head to head. I think the map is kind of small with me having already covered/explored all of it.My primary criticism is the MASSIVE flaw in the form of one Accessory slot. You have rings, necklaces and other trinkets that you OFTEN find in loot chests and many you can craft. None of which you will ware because they share the same slot as the broom and the flying elixirs. With such a huge focus on flight this is a big problem in my eyes and almost ruins the game (I believe it renders the cool idea of a loot system in a game like this completely mute.) There should be the good old two ring slots and a neck slot completely separate from the 'accessory' slot.Would defiantly recommend it but I can see it getting stale far quicker than other games of its type i.e DnL (still to soon to really tell.)"
76561198143912056,Not Recommended,487120,34346416,Posted: 19 August,all,༒The Lone Guardian༒,Dont buy this game in its current state. Wait for 6 months or so untill this game is optimized and has more than just farming and building.
,Recommended,487120,33832970,Posted: 27 July,all,Slazz,"Great concept, once everything is smoothed out its going to be amazing!"
,Recommended,487120,34025722,Posted: 4 August,all,Linetrap,"Heads up as this is the important bit. This game feels like an Alpha with the lack of content.That being said with so little content the game is still fun and reeks of great potential. The devs are responsive and updates are still frequent.Combat... janky as hell. Works but isnt greatly satisfying, No weight to it and the AI is just simple move and attack for the most part.The crafting / building is similar to games like ARK but works well and the versatility is good even with the basic tools.The graphics are good but the game is poorly optimised so worth  noting older computers may need to drop settings. This is continually improving.Overall seems like a diamond in the rough with a lot of multiplayer skyrim vibes but as with any EA title be aware of the risk."
,Recommended,487120,34041375,Posted: 5 August,all,DeathFates,"I have played many games like this and I can say that this is gonna be one of the better ones. Its in early access and it already exceeds my limits.Meeting and partying up with someone is a whole lot of fun and seeing what other people make is always a treat.great buildingThe combat is nice, besides the NPC which I hope they fix soonTHe flying is awesome weather it be on your broom or on yourn dragonI get 50+FPS everything on epic settingsConsNPCS don't attack if they are turned around. They do but not as fast as they should.Dragon bugsThats all I have after playing this game."
,Recommended,487120,34586027,Posted: 29 August,all,MrShrumpert,"Overiew: Most of my almost 100 hours put into this game was building my main castle.  To me, that's the main focus of this game; building your own epic castle.  It's great that the only limit to how big or small you can build your castle is your imagination.  Combat is getting better, AI still needs some work but shows potential.  Community is really small, hopefully it grows.  I spent most of my time on a PvP server by myself; most amout of players on at one time was 11.Things i liked:- Building castles and towers was really fun.  Details on the Ornate were very nice, looking forward to marble (might spend more time just to build another castle).- Farming wasn't that bad, generally the supplies you need are just on the ground or in mob camps which made it easy to get supplies.- Flying was fun- Very large, open world to explore.  I found several spots that I said ""that would be a good spot to build a castle"".Things that i didn't like:- Not enough people on to PvP- Raiding while people are offline was WAY to easy and anonymous so it's hard to get revenge.- AI still a bit weak on a lot of monsters.- Staff weapons were dominant; could AFK farm almost everything.  Fireball has infinite range.- End game was lacking.  After building my castle exactly how i wanted it, I found myself saying ""now what?""Recommend: Yes I'd still recommend it, even though it needs a lot of work.  It is still an early release game, but dev's have been working to make it better consistently.  I really enjoyed my time; spread out over a month, it kept me entertained and I don't feel like I wasted my money on it."
,Recommended,487120,34036474,Posted: 5 August,all,McSteeef,"Awesome game idea with super potential and good dev team who work really hard.Too bad ... players do not seem to understand,How much work goes into doing this kind of game and does not understand the stuff with early access launch.Would love to see more people stop complaining and give bad comments and see the game for what they are right now and what they can do with the players' help instead of complaining give them the right feedback that helps them make the game better.To blue isle studios. Continue the hard work.Me and many others love your idea and what you do look forward to following and helping in the exuberance of this gameAnd please give us server owners / admins a little love and please look over the server lobby.The sorting function does not work at allAnd some to admin commands and the ability to add type of server massages would be appreciated. much love"
,Recommended,487120,33984933,Posted: 2 August,all,Amet,"Yo devs bro.. you did good.. keep it up. Hey players, listen. You know well this is EA game right? It supposed to have flaw while at it. Everytime the devs repair the game, something else will go wrong. Its try and error. They are human too.. they need to rest before going for another patch. Heck, they need time to figure what went wrong with the new setup. I dont bother with your complain.. but Im bothered with your rudeness, saying thing like ""Hey Devs, we paid you!! So make the game better for me."" I mean wtf? Are you blind? They are blatantly trying their♥♥♥♥♥of making the game better for all of us. Yes mistakes were made, but its not as simple as fapping your d**k to find the solution of what the problem is.. maybe they need to rewrite the program back to test for AMD user. Give them time for f**k sake!!! Thats why most of EA games doesnt survive... the community!!!! Oh lord!! Just tell the devs what went wrong!! Dont be rude!!"
,Recommended,487120,33890473,Posted: 29 July,all,✰Mr.Leroy3655✰,"First of, im going to start of by saying this is an EA game so there will of course be some bugs that you will come accross, so all these bad reviews commenting on bugs... well its pretty obvious there will be so stop stating the obvisous... Personally, the reviews where they say the game lags, this does not happen to me, i have a gtx 960 which is a cheap graphics card and i can run this game fine... If you go to buy a survival game as complex as Citadel, Rust or even Ark your computer needs to be decent to run it, so if you cant run this game then your computer is not the best and you can bearly run other survival games, also look at the system requirements for a game before you die.Enough of the complaining, This game is one of the most amazing games that has come out in a while, its uses the level system really well, keeping you interested and most stuff you can unlock early game and if you want to be OP and the best just keep leveling to upgrade your weopons. The gameplay is smooth, there are no server network issues or whatever those whining people say, i joined an asian server  and i had over 300 ping yet i was running it at 40 FPS and there was no lag and it was fully responsive. When the server ""Crashes"" its actually restarting so all the camps, chests, trees can all respawn keeping the gameplay fresh and fun to play. The nailed the building in this game making it easier and i'd even say its more complex then games like Rust i am not saying this because i hate rust, this is an educated opinion since i have 600+ hours on rust. Furthermore, i admit the animals/A.I's need alot of work but this is why it is in EA... The game is a joy to play with friends as it includes an easy and simple teaming system allowing you to find, help and build with friends. All those people complaining about the pvp, i dont understand, just think of it as a gun, it is no different it is fast action and you have to be  good at it, so if your complaining about it its probaly because your not the best at these games, so move on!Overall i think this game is amazing and unique (since its only competitor is Dark and Light which to be honest is crap compared to this...) and i recommed buying this game, but please have respect that this is EA so dont buy the game and complain about the bugs when it was literally there infront of you that the game was going to be buggy so dont go hating and just wait till it improves.I hope my review helped in making your decisioin whether to buy the game and ignore all those ignorant people who are hating on this game that WILL be amazing in years or even months to come. Not only this here has been daily updates to fix bugs so that just shows this game will not get abandoned..."
76561198037043291,Recommended,487120,33933770,Posted: 31 July,all,lakevla2k,"If you like Ark and Skyrim you will really enjoy this game. Needs time to stamp out bugs and tweak PvP, but it is very fun in its current state."
,Recommended,487120,34024637,Posted: 4 August,all,A Disgruntled Skeleton,"The gameplay itself is incredibly fun. Building huge structures and going toe to toe with fantasy creatures and other players alike is amazing, and the RPG elements are seamlessly integrated in a way that is easily understood.My one gripe is that the server browser for getting into multiplayer games is hopelessly unresponsive. It doesn't filter by the criteria that I ask it to, and is wholly just bad. This leads to me never being able to find the same server twice, barring an act of god, and causing me to need to restart every single character that I begin to play. This is causing massive dissonance between how much fun I should be having and how much fun I am having, since I'm basically trapped in the earlygame.Now, all of this could be me not understanding the way the server browser is set up, and I will immediately edit my review to say so, should I figure it out, but for the time being, I'm not really experiencing the part of the game that I want to experience, and that sucks."
76561197992892920,Recommended,487120,33900879,Posted: 30 July,all,Pastolio,"This is my first time writing a review for any game, but I figured this one was worth a try.Where to start.....Pros:The games itself is pretty fun, your typical sandbox, without the annoying hunger and thrust bars to constantly bog you down. So, get to spend more time building and exploring instead of searching for food and water.The fighting system and harvesting system are simple so the game is pretty user friendly and easy to catch onto.The community is really cool, laid back and helpful, even in the PVP servers there are those who help out the newbs.Cons:The servers… OMG the f***ing servers. The biggest flaw with this game is the dedicated servers. No idea what is going on, half the time I can’t log on. When I can log on there are the random “Server not responding messages”.There have been a few complaints about random crashes, but I haven’t experienced this yet. When I can log on to a server I have luckily been able to stay logged on.When it comes to bugs in the game, I have been stuck between rocks and trees a few times, but other than that nothing major.All in all I bought this game for $20 and so far I’m not disappointed. The dev is constantly updating and working on the servers, so hopefully they fix the that issue soon."
76561198052844009,Recommended,487120,34104400,Posted: 8 August,all,Squeaky Hammer,"a mashup theme of lord of the rings, skyrim, harry potter and the world of warcraft mage. the game feels very similar to rust and conan exiles. pvp is a little more slow but fun. offical servers strangley give more love then rented servers which are cancer. fun game that will get better as more bugs get fixed. there is a lack of end game pve content for players to sink their teeth into atm. i expect good things for this game in the future.if your reading this and trying to decide to play citadel or LnD, i have played both. i recommend citadel."
,Recommended,487120,33818088,Posted: 26 July,all,shkeptikal,"First few moments in DaL: oh...a fantasy Ark game. Cool, I guessFirst few moments in Citadel: .....this feels like Skyrim if it focused on exploration and magic. Oh, and it has multiplayer, taming, and base building too? SoldUnlike its ""competitor"" (looking at you DaL), Citadel doesn't feel like an Ark reskin. I have no doubt Citadel missed quite a few sales due to Dark and Light releasing slighty earlier, which is sad because C:FwF actually feels like a new game. It feels different, yet familiar. It tingles my fantasy bone in a way which few other recent titles have. It is not an Ark reskin or ""yet another"" survival sim. There is no hunger or thirst. You do occasionally feel like you should be looking for food and water, but then remember that you don't have to, so you go back to burning moose and direwolves to death with your fire magic.I haven't touched MP yet (first day servers are ALWAYS a mess), but judging from the single player, this game has real potential. Buy it if you're into fantasy, magic, crafting, base building, and exploration (and of course if you're patient enough to deal with EA). Do not buy if you're just bored with Ark and looking for something else to scratch that itch.I honestly can't wait to see where this game goes. As far as I'm concerned, it has loads more potential than Dark and Light and shouldn't be lobbed into the same category as it or Ark. I'll see you witches and wizards out there once the new server jitters settle down!!"
76561198087012586,Recommended,487120,33849164,Posted: 27 July,all,(×çGL×) Michaelx,This game is what happens when Harry Potter meets Ark lol...it's amazing.
76561198057264881,Recommended,487120,33847737,Posted: 27 July,all,bike8map,"So first off when you go to select a server make sure you favorite or even write down the name of it. Due to this game currently being in Early Access there was a network issue which logged me out of my first server. I then spent 20 minutes server hopping until I refound my server. The server selection filters sometimes don't work, so History and Favorites might just not do anything.Secondly make sure you buy the Extraction spell. After trying to build my base during the majority of my play time running around the woods picking up all the sticks I could find it felt like the game wasn't meant to be played this way...because it wasn't. With the Extraction spell you just use it on any tree, rock, or crystal you come across for a lot more resources.Some other notes:Character Customization is slimYou can't go 3rd person (Never advertised just something I enjoy in open world games)If you like Ark, and/or have friends that will play that game with you, you'll enjoy this.Creatures/Enemies can spawn right before your eyes, saw a Direwolf spawn 15 feet awayCombat feels weird right now personally because I don't know normal damage taken/dealt yet.At level 6 I had a level 13 Undead Archer with crossbow hunt me down until I reached the safe zone again. I was mining in a cave and started getting hit by a crossbow. I kept running away, but everytime I turned around to see if he was still chasing me he actually would run past me to stop and shoot me.Overall I can't wait to play more and it is definitely still in Early Access so keep that in mind before posting a toxic review."
76561198076965434,Recommended,487120,33853497,Posted: 28 July,all,Berk,"Loving the game so far, much better optimised than any early access sandbox games I've played, a few niggles here and there, so far I've encountered:tames falling through wooden floors & disappearing altogether after a quick relog,Decor disapearing when built ,the odd fatal error warning when firing up - trying again a couple of times usually works though and the loading time is pretty quick,Favorite servers tab not showing anything,Trees respawning through buildings,FPS drops here and there,Ceilings not snapping to other ceilings due to 'lack of support'' (a floor will fit fine though with supports hanging down in mid air...)that's all to be expected though and I've not come across anything gamebreaking so far.Skill tree and crafting/building system is excellent and offers a great range of flexibility, you can mould your skills and abilities to suit your playing style. The map is huge, plenty of exploring to do with a decent helpful map and fat travel points to unlock.I would like to seeA few features I would like to see:more challenge/reward in PVE in future content releases,A bigger Skill bar, bound to num pad, it's kind of frustrating to only have 2 active spells at a time.Players should not be able to access crates belonging to another team. Perhaps set up a permissions or PIN option.It would be nice for tames to be able to harvest mats/loot kills.Using the extract skill to gather with no mana drain gets a bit tedious.Renaming tamed creatures would be handy.I will edit this as I progress and after future patches, I'm sure i will sink many more enjoyable hours into this game."
76561197987153295,Recommended,487120,34882064,Posted: 11 September,all,Riganti,"Ok, so I am casual player and have now spent a fair bit of time playing this game. I can see that there are mixed reviews for this game which I can sort of understand as the game is not perfect and is still being developed. The developers are quite active and often respond to posts on the forums and I get the feeling they are listening to our feedback, which is always a good start. The developers have also provided a chart of the things they working, what coming next and things they would like to introduce at some point. This is great when engaging with the community.So first off when you get in the game the graphics are great and the world environment is nice with two prominent biomes (forest/mountains and snow/frozen areas). The interface has recently been given a face lift and very easy to use and navigate with the building commands and the spell etc nicely set out and easy to understand.The game on the whole runs really well and smooth. Although occasionally you do get patches introduced which may mess this up. But these often get resolved fairly quickly (not always quick enough for some though!). The building in the game is nice and easy. Essentially there is a hidden grid system so when building everything will join up nicely. Indeed all elements of your base need to be connected in some way to claim ownership (by placing a throne).There is plenty to do if you like building and making grand cities. PVE wise, there is a limited about to do. There are various caves you can explore which are usually filled with mobs to take on. The AI of these mobs is not so great at the moment and still needs to be worked on. There is talk about having world bosses in the future for large group encounters which will be nice. PVE still gets the usual griefing where people build in caves or block areas off. The devs are working on this to keep things fun and content accessible. If you have probs though there are a few servers to chose from.As far as PVP goes, this is quite fun. They made changes recently which makes this aspect of the game a lot harder, as people found their bases got destroyed to easily. Now its more of break in and grab the loot situation unless your determined to take a base out and willing to spend a lot of time and resources (assuming people hide their thrones well). Whilst this makes raiding harder it actually improves the experience a little, as a lot of raiding probably occurs when people are off line. You can use turrets and shield to beef your base up more which are effective if done right. Together with harder raiding, you can sleep knowing that if you built with pvp in mind you base should be ok. If you do get hit, then your loot may be all gone (depending how you hide it) and your base will be their still. Repair and reinforce and restock. For the raider though, while off line raiding some say is the cowards way, it gives you more time to try and break in, like a puzzle, looking for the quickest route in using the least siege spells to make it worth it. Often people build a base like a maze so you need to try and work out the best way to go when confronted with 3 doors for instance. So I actually find the pvp side of things good. A nice balance between effort of raiding and defence.I have not done much pvp against other players when roaming around. People either just fly away on their broom or are just friendly....(prob attack you in the night instead :D). I have taken plenty of peoples dragons out when they forage too far away and then I take whatever loot it had on it heheheI would say at the moment the pvp servers are best to play on as you can pretty do the RPG PvE stuff on their with an added element of potential conflict with others.So at the time of writing this review, there are a couple of bugs work out. There is a decay system to remove buildings of inactive players. But this seems to be affecting active players at present with random wall panels and or floors going missing. This will be fixed soon I am sure. There is also an issue with the severs it seem with low fps and things loading up in game. Again this is not normally an issue so I am sure it will be sorted next patch.So in conclusion, this is a well polished game, particularly for an Early Access. The game is really fun to play and although it has limited content, there is still plenty to do. It will take you a while to reach level 60 but things will unlock along the way to keep you interested. I am not level 60 yet and I have been playing nearly 300 hours!!! mind you I haven't been power levelling.So I would say get the game, try it out as you will get plenty of game play for only a few quid! Come join the official Basilisk server :)"
,Recommended,487120,33998747,Posted: 3 August,all,SuperJack,"You're a wizard, Harry."
,Recommended,487120,33818179,Posted: 26 July,all,SKYKR ✅,This game is great however it is very grindey to get levels at the start but as you get more levels the game gets more interesting i am realy excited to see what the devs are going to do this game i hope this will have better servers in the future as the servers are so laggy atm but dont let that get to you this game is good all you need to do is put some time into it and you will enjoy it more as you play.
,Recommended,487120,33920529,Posted: 30 July,all,Robo Roberts,"Interesting game, very well done so far with lots of potential ahead despite what people might say. Probably my favorite game in its type of genre so far."
,Recommended,487120,33918907,Posted: 30 July,all,Razel Jackson,"Im excited to see a High Fantasy MMO RPG Sandbox Survival. Im a huge fan and cant wait to see the future of this game. I truly hope the owners, Devs come together and open this up to the steam workshop and let the fans code some amazing things too."
,Recommended,487120,33818385,Posted: 26 July,all,Dobbie,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing baller.  Servers run well, game looks good and runs well too. So far this game has not let me down, a little grindy but thats part of the game and some how fun.   Citdel+Ark+Rust= Citadel: Forged with Fire"
76561197986641201,Not Recommended,487120,35477312,Posted: 4 October,all,gusmax50,"After nearly 900 hours playing the game, I'm uninstalling it today.I did enjoy my time in the game for a (long) while, and I feel I have had my money's worth from it, but am now unwilling to give it any more time, for reasons as follows;Although I have played many early access games, and I understand the nature of early access games, what I cannot tolerate is a heavy handed approach from developers who can't see the faults with their project and treat their customers unfairly, in any way.When the game, after the last few patches, became too unstable to enjoy any more, I started to post on the forums here, about both my specific problems, and my suggested remedies on how some of the issues might be addressed.At no time was I rude. Being British I have no need to be rude to get a point across, I can be scruplessly accurate instead in my native language. The two developers I had reply to my threads both responded quickly, a point in their favour, but likewise both their replies weren't really to do directly with the points being raised, so ultimately useless.For me, the game is broken now, I am unable to play for more than a few minutes at a time without some UE4 exception fault or another happening and crashing out the game.  I asked in one thread for help or at least advice on how I might remedy the problems introduced with their last 3-4 patches, and got none.In the other thread, I identified for them how seriously underpowered their game servers are, leading to a terribly sub-par experience on the only European pvp server left with ANY population left worthy of the word. All the others having 0, 1, or occasionally 2 people left playing. The second developer tried to refute this, but didn't offer any quantifiable data to back up his insistance that things were fine, when they are quite obviously not.When lightly pressed for some kind of specifics as to the actual specifications and supposed requirements of a server for this game, I was left ignored.In the end, my comment to him was exactly this "" Steam numbers down 90% in last month. GG Denis."" This was making the final point that if everything was fine as he espoused, then people wouldn't be leaving the game faster than rats during a building burning.This comment got me banned from their forums for being ""unnecessarily rude"".This game is broken in its current form. The developers, such as they are, seem unable to fix it, and unwilling to acknowledge how broken it is.There is no end-game past leveling to lvl60. There is no meaningful pvp left, just offline ninja-raiding. This has turned the end-game into a tower defense game instead, but to build anythig that can survive in your absence overnight against even 1 or 2 determined players is ultimately self-defeating as the servers they use can't handle their sub-standard, laughably optimised, buggy coding.  If you build something that can survive such a ninja-raid, then the game breaks.GG Denis."
,Recommended,487120,34592844,Posted: 29 August,all,Orv,"Giving a bad review to an Early Access game right after it becomes availble due to bugs, crashes, AI issues, and lack of content is highly mendacious to say the least.The game is early access, very true. But what is there seems well thought out and original. The UI is different, and takes some getting used to, but seems fine once I got used to it. The construction tools are very interesting, and I find the ability to simply place a door or window into an existing wall, regardless of whether it is curved, straight, or diagonal, to be a nice breath of fresh air coming from other Survival Sandbox games.I also like the thickness of wall panels, etc. and everything fits together excellently. Not like some other games I have played... *COUGH...ARK...COUGH*I will refrain from commenting on things like AI, content, bugs, and content, since the game is merely 30 days into Early Access and want to get the developers a good six months to see how things progress.So far, I give it 8 out of 10 for an EA offering at the start of it's cycle."
,Recommended,487120,33837886,Posted: 27 July,all,Tiny Rick,"There was a lot more polish than I was expecting. Yes it's buggy, it's an early access game, but I haven't crashed yet and I haven't had any problems with lag (On private servers, the official servers ive been on are extremely laggy). The game runs really well and looks fantastic on ultra. Worth $20-$25? for me easily. Solid on release day definitely surprised me.Pro'sA half Dozen hotfixes have been released from the devs only one day in. Good on them!Great building systemcombat is fun, feels like an MMO combat system, but with more aiming.Private servers out the gateBeautiful gameLittle to no UI bugsThe trailer actually shows possible gameplay and doesn't feel like it misrepresents anythingsupports ultrawide FOV really wellConsAnimations are bugged for a few creatures, such as attack animation on the wolf.Enemies with ranged abilities animations are glitchy as well and it's hard to tell what theyre are going to doLack of structure - such as a clear goal/end game (Perfectly fine in my mind for how early the game is)Misc small bugs like the screen shaking in 3rd person when your'e not moving"
76561197970403572,Recommended,487120,33820752,Posted: 26 July,all,cainebourne,"https://youtu.be/JNjucwgIMJwVideo review aboveI absolutely love this game. Coming from rust , ark , and many other of these building gathering PvP games this is a very fun magic verison of these game with some harry Potter mixed in. Flying on brooms is a blast and after 18 hours in beta can't wait to dive back in. Fun bullding, combat, exploring and for $20 it's a steal. It's early access but is already a super fun game."
,Recommended,487120,33819517,Posted: 26 July,all,Trahax | ezlevelup.net,"Good game so far, good performance for hte most part and quite engaging"
76561198028136434,Recommended,487120,33895937,Posted: 29 July,all,Crazed Heretic,This instantly became one of my favorite games.  I can't wait to see what they come out with in future updates.Game is focuses on combat and exploration.  No hunger and no thirst free you up to do this very nicely.
,Recommended,487120,33818022,Posted: 26 July,all,RogueF,"Imagine this: ARK: Survival Evolved with less dinosaurs and more to do in the world. There's dragons and huge fantastical creatures littered around the world. For me, it runs better than ARK, which is a huge plus and It just feels great. I havem't played much and I've only tested the waters, but I played the beta too. So far, I have found a monolith, found some real nice robes by raiding an orc camp, I am working on becoming a wizard, I saw a huge demonic flame creature, I was killed by a fire-breathing dragon, I found a rather large creature that is basically a glowing walking tree and I have gained magical powers from a monolith. It's almost like The Elder Scrolls and ARK had a baby, but there's no quests from what I've seen so far. Playing ARK by myself can be a chore from loading in to a server and getting started, but this is great. I hate playing ARK alone, but I can do so with this game. This is also probably a lot more fun with friends but is still a great game without. The only thing I wish for is for some better optimisation, and don't ignore it like ARK does. Please!-----Also, as far as I'm aware, this game doesn't have the weird stay with your leader kind of deal like ARK custom servers do.-----I'm really excited to see what this game has in store for me next and what updates are to come."
,Recommended,487120,34047722,Posted: 5 August,all,TobiasTheTyrant,"I absolutely adore this game, flaws and all. I realize it's new and has many bugs, but they're being fixed very quickly, and the community for it is great.Pros:Ridiculously large amount of crafting stuffincredibly large maptons of spells and ways to create your characterabsolutely stunning graphicsimmersion x10 (when audio bugs aren't there)Really REALLY fun and addicting; I've had this game for one day and already dropped 6 hours into it. It's so good.Cons:Kind of hard to understand at first ( unless you actually read the tutorial stones outside of your spawn)no quests yet, so very grindy (I don't mind but someone else might)sometimes the A.I doesn't attack or recognize you as an enemyenemies are often 8+ higher levels than you, so can be a little harder if you're a solo playeraudio sometimes goes from just silence and you walking and wind, to ambiance, to hearing bugs and owls and birds and water all at once super abruptlyAlso ♥♥♥♥ boars and how loud they arebut yeah basically this game is goddamn amazing, just some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bugs here and there that can ruin immersion and stuff. I'd easily pay 25+ dollars for this, because the Devs are working super hard on it and there's a ton of friendly people out there working on it. If you love exploring beautiful, lush invironments, flying through the air on a goddamn magical broomstick, fighting orcs and wraiths and undead and giants and animals, and basically doing whatever the ♥♥♥♥ you wanna do with magic, buy this. It's already cool as hell, and will only continue to go uphill from here."
,Recommended,487120,34019742,Posted: 4 August,all,1TrickPony,"Great game, probably one of my favorite EA survival titles at the moment. I play on an official server that ranges from mid-full capacity, with little very little server issues (as of 8/3 patch). Currently running gtx 1080 ftw and pulling 50-60 fps.Pros:-Devs constantly pushing hotfixes and patches-Satisfying amount of content for age (multiple content releases since launch, 2 I think)-Community Managers very responsive-Fun PVP (assuming the servers are running optimally)-""Guild"" system: User created factions are always a plus in my book-You can ride a f***ing broom (and bomb mf'ers on them)-Its a pretty game, especially if you dig sunsets and s**t.Cons (EA cons and just some personal opinions):-Monster AI currently lacking: One of the main facets that interested me was the ability to tame npcs and have them roll around as your personal goons or gaurd your base when youre away. Kind of hard to do that when they have the intuition of an old french fry.-Few other issues involving monsters, including damage scaling (I shouldnt beable to 1v1 a level 50 B. dragon at lvl 25) and storage, but im assuming these will be addressed).-Weapon balancing: PVE wise, all weapons are viable and pretty fun to use, but PVP wise the staff outshines all others.-Lack of Tutorial or in-game guide: Doesnt really bother me and the game doesnt have too stiff a learning curve, but it may help the ""instruction booklet "" gamers out.Overall a pretty fun and entertaining game. Probably one of the only EA games of this genre I would recommend. It has a very promising future if the devs keep on doing what they're doing."
76561198063365663,Recommended,487120,33867983,Posted: 28 July,all,Stoney,"First and formost, the game is EARLY ACCESS. So all of these negative reviews are impatient people who won't give the game time to update and such.This game is great for being so early, there are many things to do without losing interest. You can fly on a broomstick and shoot a laser beam out of your hand or create a potion that gives you the ability to fly.You can tame dragons and have an army of zombies, create huge castles, venture North and get killed by some huge devilish looking giants.The game already has endless fun, however there are lots and lots of bugs. The most important right now being the server ping issues. Yes it is EA which is meh but the dev's are working on fixes.If I were you I'd most definetly give the game a chance or wait a month and keep an eye on the updates.My rating as of right now. 8/10"
76561198136671120,Recommended,487120,33945002,Posted: 1 August,all,D.S.Atoday,"So when do we get Quidditch?For an Early Access game, it's fun. Obviously, it has its bugs and problems, and like almost every other EA game servers are currently laggy and with low pop, but this is sure to change.  This review will change in time as well because, in all honesty, it is too early to give this game a good or bad review.To break it down:Pro:  The mobs are wild and have a good variety.Con: Citadel needs further optimization.Pro: The soundtrack is pleasant and unlike others, I don't have to mute the game's music 5 minutes into my adventure.Con: Character Customization is sadly lacking in all departments.Pro: The Map is large and the environment is beautiful. (did I mention warp towers? Yeah, you can fast travel.)Con: I often find myself annoyed when discovering all the slopes and hills I CAN'T walk up.Pro: Frikkin Magic!!!!!! (""YOU'RE A WIZARD HARRY!"")Con: magic. (""But do I have too?"")All that aside so far I do find this game fun and filled with endless potential, but potential can be wasted. Though, hopefully, Citadel: Forged with Fire will be the Sandbox RPG we all have been waiting for."
76561198077297773,Recommended,487120,33818427,Posted: 26 July,all,GasTheFanz,"Will update this when I get more time in....[UPDATE] Still going strong with Citadel. Yeah, it has its problems, but I am able to work around some of those issues and still manage to play. Its not perfect but Blue Isle is doing what needs to be done as a development team. No gripes aside from your standard problems with some balance, AI, etc.....still very playable for a lot of us.I just hit level 28 and had built a new base a bit further to the north of where I was....I have spent some time unlocking fast travel towers and do a little exploring and I have only managed to open up less than half the map so far. What I thought was a bit skimpy on content has turned out to be a lot more to do than I expected. Learning the game and learning the environments can greatly benefit one who builds a base in earshot of everything you need....however, its a bit more dangerous now and Im loving it!A new take on the AI.....I had a problem with the AI at first. I thought them to be a bit stiff and nothing more than just random walking....but, after building the new base, I sat on the roof and just watched all the wildlife around me....I witnessed a lot of things with the AI I did not see the first time playing the game! The patching is about the same as I mentioned.....however, I now see mobs just run form one to point toi another. Wasnt thinking anyhting about it, till I seen a pack of wild boars hunting down a Orc with a crossbow! WHOA!! Watching that fight was absolutely amazing! I then started seeing more mobs attack each other, like bears destroying elk and 3 wolves attacking a glowing sprite. As i sit there on the roof at night, I listened carefully to the sounds that matched the action below as the pale moon light lit the battleground below me....This game just keeps surprising me everytime I play it! Best $20 I have spent thus far in Steam...----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Citadel:Forged with Fire is a rpg open sandbox game that offers some unique systems and mechanics with a art style that is a bit different than most UE4 based games out now. It feels and looks different.Blue Isle offered a 24 hr sneek peek playthrough over the weekend before its EA release. The first for a game in its genre. You could say the dev team was confident in this move and deservedly so! I played 8 hours till the servers shut down making me wanting more. I was hooked!Lets get to the meat of it, shall we?PROS:Unique, graphics were done well, unique and very fun skills system as well as crafting! The UI is amazingly done well! Im not running a beast PC, but its no potato. So i  was able to get away with all high settings, turned off foliage (for seeing resources better) scaled back shadows to Med and turned bloom and motion blur off and was hitting 45-50fps on a server ping of 52.I had little to no real troubles with servers and got far less problems than most EA games I own. The client seems pretty stable.CONS:With all EA games they are in development. Sometimes things can feel a little empty. Citadel has done well to provide content enough to play through its development and plan to add a whole lot more, but for now its feels just slightly empty.Animations need tweaking and can look very mechanical at times, but not gamebreaking.AI, samething. Needs some tweaking.small graphical errors but once again not gamebreaking.Overall its been a damn stable release and now Blue Isle has even dropped the price to $20!! It doesnt get much better for a title like this in EA!Give it a shot, play it less than 2 hours and if you dont think its worth the price of admission, refund it!The game is just to damn addictive for me!8/10"
76561198077391429,Recommended,487120,34015265,Posted: 4 August,all,krakekou,good game
,Recommended,487120,33957504,Posted: 1 August,all,{GGSC} Krimion,"Don't listen to all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ complaining about the game, its very much playable (unless you have a trash PC, but thats your problem) also, it's only like 5 days old.Also all these people whining about losing their base on a server, here's a tip: DON'T PLAY ON A PUBLIC SERVER!So yeah, honestly as long as the devs keep updating the game and listening to the community, this game can go reaaallly far.Just buy it, it's worth it."
76561198118031936,Recommended,487120,33953585,Posted: 1 August,all,Sum Ting Wong,"Its a really good game,it runs well consirdering its only been out for 2 weeks. There are a couple of bugs here and there but nothing to affect you. If you would are scared just wait until the developers add more content, and fix the bugs. But, do keep in mind later on in the future Citadel will become more expensive. But like I said its a fun game to play with friends and solo, still it being 2 weeks out, there is much to see. I would recommend this to anyone who likes Ark and Harrypotter/Wizard101."
,Recommended,487120,33933745,Posted: 31 July,all,Diffusedgravy95,Its a very fun game and i do enjoy it very much but the only problem is the lag and i have a gtx960 and i get 20 fps
76561198031712524,Recommended,487120,33934086,Posted: 31 July,all,clearhope,"I'm having fun playing it. :-)I play single player and treat it like a newer version of Skyrim. I have been waiting a long time for something single player to give me an updated Skyrim fix. Ahhhh, at last..."
,Recommended,487120,33871058,Posted: 28 July,all,Toxic,I dont usually enjoy these kinda of games but this is by far the best survival game ive played 3rd day of the game and the only problem is the servers which is awesome i love that you can do whatever you want be mage or tank melee kind of guy and make bases and raid other people on a huge map that is gorgeous to look at will be playing this game for quite some time if they keep the patches rolling
76561198028365317,Recommended,487120,33871214,Posted: 28 July,all,DarthBrodish,"I Never write reviews. but this is fun for the price, I hope it keeps expanding! The Sith empire will rise on server CitadelUSeast21   !! join me"
,Recommended,487120,33886774,Posted: 29 July,all,Herkthejerk,"This is the first time im writing a review for a game, this is coming from a player with 700+ hours on ark and i can say this game has just as much if not more potential, itslike ark and skyrim had a baby!this game is already impressive and very playable despite being released 2 days ago. the game is not difficult to understand,and has a great building mechanic to make it simple but rewarding to build.as expected, it has bugs and isnt optimized,but my GTX 950 can run it at max settings 60 fpsi can highly reccamend this game to anybody intrested in rpg or survival games, especially if you like magic.9.5/10 ill give it 10/10 when  my tames are permanent!!!!"
,Recommended,487120,33846595,Posted: 27 July,all,AW,"Pros:Really fun and addictive.A really good and refreshing concept.An okay amount of content for an EA game.Cheap.Good client performance/optimization. (Could be better, obviously).Cons:Server performance.REALLY buggy."
76561198042976464,Recommended,487120,33871388,Posted: 28 July,all,Alpharius,I have no idea what I'm doing yet but its very fun anyway. Plays alot like Ark does.
76561198074476188,Recommended,487120,33841526,Posted: 27 July,all,Bobobobobobobo,"WOW, blown away. definitely worth a buy even if you dont have any friends playing with you. after you get over that first little learning curve, its uphill. The game is as good as you want it to be, which really says something. most games give you a difinitive way to play, for if they didnt, the title would be susceptable to idleness. But this one man me feel something. I plan to play this for a long time."
,Recommended,487120,33948245,Posted: 1 August,all,XenomFox,Hi you need to fix a bug everytime i log on i cant use my spells.
76561198138448336,Recommended,487120,33871392,Posted: 28 July,all,Smiles,"Absolutely stunning game for very early access, devs seem to be on top of community feedback and bug patching and are already introducing new items in the game, combat is rewarding as is levelling up and building system is already superb. Optimisation is brilliant already for early access but could obviousy still use some more work, which no doubt will come as the game progresses towards its full potential. This game is already spectacular, and I have no doubt it will become an incredible game as the devs progress with it."
76561198082171034,Recommended,487120,33872495,Posted: 28 July,all,[LB] Deathtrophy,The game looks amazing but I cant get to it. When I load up the game I go into servers and there are none at all. Its just blank I waited for 40 mins for it to reload but nothing is happening please help!
76561198070528625,Recommended,487120,33888255,Posted: 29 July,all,MoJony,good but♥♥♥♥♥♥.. raiding.............................. devs dont seem to understand the concept of raiding and the diffrence between hard to raid and long to raid. having to hit something for 5 mins compared to 10 seconds is longer having to craft and kill top lvl monsters to craft something to brake in to a base is hard... 2 diffrent things
,Recommended,487120,34001516,Posted: 3 August,all,SVBS,Loads of potential. Still developing and already enough content for +40h of gameplay. Def worth the 20$
76561198037493315,Recommended,487120,34027574,Posted: 4 August,all,Lefrostmen,"This game is what I feel many people have been waiting for. While there are bugs still present, it is currently still in early access. However, the fundamental systems that are present within the game are fun, versatile, and powerful. And with a developing team as dedicated as this one, with bugs hastily patched and content regularly released and updated, there is no doubt that Citadel is rapidly becoming a powerhouse of the mmorpg community."
76561197985973235,Recommended,487120,33856387,Posted: 28 July,all,Raenef,"to be honest, the servers are too unstable to be played on, u try to log on and even if u manage to get on they crash shortly after 170728"
76561198035391503,Recommended,487120,33831162,Posted: 27 July,all,lagrie,"Citadel : forged with fireOk, i did not expect it. but this game is great.Its more RPG then survival. it has good content for the price atm.And since its early acces, allot will be added in the future.The game is like a openworld Harry Potter sandbox. (love that).It is really well optimized for a EA title.I'm having a sollid 60 fps on epic. (drops to 45 when i respawn or when it loads an area for the first time)There is allot to do, and building in the game is really fun.Design of the world and creatures is great.This game oozes potential. i really do recommend the game.Enjoy the game !"
,Recommended,487120,33838437,Posted: 27 July,all,Vickor Gearbox,"Fun concept. Love that spells are tied to your weapon you choose, and that you can tame almost everything !  8/10 it is early access so there are some bugs, no biggie, fun if you love to play and grow with a game as it develops."
76561198256193161,Recommended,487120,33855606,Posted: 28 July,all,Evil3d11,"This is a absolutly beatuiful game, dispite still unstable and the amount of crashes it is worth getting, even at this stage in development. It is clear that the development team have a clear view of what they want to achieve and have the means to do so. I would highly recomend this game, even for people who aren't fans of MMOs, for it's pure ability to relax the player but at the same time still be engaging."
76561198197503042,Recommended,487120,33870412,Posted: 28 July,all,Mayo4085,Great game. All that needs to be said
,Recommended,487120,33870384,Posted: 28 July,all,Mooka,FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN THIS GAME IS AMAZING
,Recommended,487120,33839377,Posted: 27 July,all,NotchBeard,"Citadel is a great game in the making. It has the elements of Rust, Ark and High Fantasy all rolled into one. I have only encountered minor, VERY MINOR, graphical bugs. Functionality is polished, though I feel crafting/building is very limited at the moment it is one of the most fluid and easy to understand systems I have seen in a survival game. The unforgiving nature of the enemies is also a bit of a respite from games where you are intentionally kept away from the big baddies i.e. wyverns. I see great potential here and you have won me over within my first 2 hours of gameplay, if you prove to be responsive devs and bring this game from Alpha to Beta within 2 years, complete withing 3 I will bet this is the survival mmo to top them.Here are 5 recomendations for new players:Be patient, the first few levels are like Ark, picking twigs and♥♥♥♥♥♥up off the ground.Start building as soon as possible, it will level you quickly and provide shelter from the stronger enemies.Get your staff and get the spell that lets you harvest materials at lvl 5.Get a forge quickly so you can make ingots and craft chests.Choose a spot with a good amount of trees as you can harvest them from inside your base.Here are 5 recomendations for the devs:Reduce the cost of the harvesting spell.Increase starting carry capacity.Make torches placeable anywhere within ur throne radius, not just on floors. I.E. outside your front doors.Magical defenses such as torches that fire at enemies, rune traps that explode etcEasier to craft respawn point to make starting less frustrating.All in all I give it a 9.5 out of 10. Great Game :)"
,Recommended,487120,33872488,Posted: 28 July,all,Hellzwraith,"The vast views in this game is simply beautiful, I have never seen a game that would mix magic and survival tactics together before as I am so used to seeing them with undead and its quite an eye turner especially with how you can progress.. I have only played it for awhile but I can surely say the fact that you can tame certain creatures makes me think of Ark survival evolved but instead of keeping them forever like you would with that, you have to craft scrolls to keep them under control which means more work for the player and in my personal opinion its a good way to go. I will surely enjoy seeing where the programmers of this game may take it as it has only been out for a short time and in that time I have enjoyed it very much so.."
76561198029943231,Recommended,487120,34039448,Posted: 5 August,all,kami,"After seeing all the reviews, I wasn't sure how good it would be, but since it looked interesting enough, I figured I'd give it a shot. It's most definitely Harry Potter goes to Skyrim with game mechanics similar to Ark and Rust. Of course, as it is in early access, there's plenty of problems, however while I only played for about 3 days before making this review, each day there was a new update from the devs. To me, this really shows their dedication to making a good game."
,Recommended,487120,33979541,Posted: 2 August,all,sHaKeNbAkE,"Been gaming over 30 plus years (yeah I'm an old fart) and have played most of these ""types"" of games out there.  What I love about this game is the blend of old and new school.  Reminds me of some of the adventure games I played years ago but with all of the new stuff sprinkled in.  Now I myself enjoy playing this ALONE (I know shocking) and just love the vast area to explore, diversity of life, the building system, the visuals, and the sense of adventure when you head out.  Throw in the fact that the broom riding is a blast (WELL DONE!) and I'm pretty much hooked.  It has glitches but for me (playing by myself) haven't really noticed them.   Hands down best $19 I have spent on a game."
76561198222332680,Recommended,487120,33960660,Posted: 1 August,all,Nox Tenebris,"Why is this game called ""Citadel: Forged with Fire""? Well, let me explain.Right now this game just came straight out of the smelter, it's blazing hot to the touch and shouldn't be tampered with as the black smiths to continue to hammer this good foundation into shape. Once they have finished shaping it, they let it cooldown. Now, a brilliant blade, that started as a hot piece of average looking metal, stands out among the other blades in a weapon shop.Now the question is: Buy a hot peice of metal? Or wait for a brilliant blade? The choice is yours."
76561198122083674,Recommended,487120,34129491,Posted: 9 August,all,mR.Wrath,Game is definitely in early access so it is not perfect but definitely a good game once all the major problem are solved!***UPDATEBtw there is a way to play with smooth fps you can unlock the frame limit within the file for players facing low fps issue
,Recommended,487120,34041136,Posted: 5 August,all,nickydo,"I haven't had much time admittedly with Citadel but from what I have played i'm incredibly impressed. I wouldn't call this a hard core survival online game, although starting out I have actually died a few times finding my sandalled feet. This game in my eyes is a more personal experience, an open ended incredibly immersive exploration game similair to Skyrim with a MASSIVE map full of interesting things, such as caves filled with loot, enemy camps and towering monoliths that work as a sort of fast travel.I know that people are comparing this to the other big Dragon in the room Dark And Light, a game I haven't played but watched a ton on Twitch. In my opinion Dark And Light is more like a re-skin of Ark, and i'm really sick of the style that game has employed. I think it uses the same engine as Ark, and it shows. I'm not looking for a reskin of another game that i'm not particularly good friends with. I'm tired of the tedious grind and instant death of other survival games.Although this game is by no means a pushover with difficulty, resource gathering alone is taken care of much more efficiently as once you unlock more spells your weapon of choice can channel a spell that makes your staff a long distance gathering tool. Want some wood? sit at a distance, point your staff and click, your gathering wood without going all the way out to the tree, boulder, plant etc etc.For instance, I found my base site among some trees next to a mountain and started building. When I ran out of wood I poked my head out of the door and gathered with my staff. Simple. The building is incredibly easy and quick too, I was able to get myself set up with my first Wizard home in no time, and im looking forward to venturing out to explore.At Level 10 you get the ability to craft your own flying broom, which basically opens up the entire map for you, and it's absolutely awesome.I'm looking forward to taming my own Dragon, building the ultimate fort and as my game is in a pvp server, there is a slow building of tension as other players are figuring the game out, I don't know where they are but I know there is going to be one hell of a war when we finally do meet. And i'll make damn sure I bring a spare of cloth undies to change into. Love it."
,Recommended,487120,33992415,Posted: 3 August,all,Capt'n Henke,"I am an AMD user and i dont get crashes and ive never did. 10/10No really, this game is cool, its not that much survival tho, as there is no hunger/thirst. Nor is it really melee focused, its all about wizardry. I would say that this game is great and i will get my money worth. After all, it all comes down to personal preference. For me, YES."
,Recommended,487120,33879773,Posted: 29 July,all,Jillian,"10 hours played and I am hoping that there will be more stuff to do. Right now everything seems to be working fine.Little bugs with Ai (like oh♥♥♥♥♥♥someone attacks me, what should I do), terrain (ark have same kind too, so no big deal), private server runs smoothly, but documentation should be better (!!).Just had a tiny problem with dragon, but game reboot and it like never happend. Running smoothly with ~60fps. (gtx1080, i7-7700k, 16GB)Waiting what future looks like. :)"
,Recommended,487120,33873785,Posted: 28 July,all,Supoman,"So, almost 25h played in this game, heard a lot about frame drops, lags etc.... i run my own server, that i rent, so it's not just me... Never had lag, crashed some times sure, this is early access, many updates, many crashes etc... i'm not complaining about that, in fact i'm surprised by the stability of my server...I experienced the game from scratch and.... GOD, this game has potential !!! Many things to fix yes, i wont deny, but it's just marvellous what we can already do, i'm having tons of fun, just like when i started minecraft years ago, spending hours and hours building... honestly, i've spent at least 10h building my fortress, checking everylast angles and stones...I happened to tame a dragon ! and i can ♥♥♥♥ING RIDE IT !!! and like it wasn't enough, you can ride UNICORNS !!!i really don't get people whinning about their problems during early access... especially when they don't put their config while talking about performance issue...I'll keep a close eye on this game's developement as it's just marvellous... cross elderscrolls, harry potter, and minecraft, and you get this !I'm not pushing you in this, because i know how early access can be frustrating, but this game definatly is worth the try =D"
76561198141652105,Recommended,487120,34166448,Posted: 11 August,all,CookiiieesXD.kk,great game
76561197996542310,Recommended,487120,34025804,Posted: 4 August,all,pmcglaug (Omek) ( OM),So far I like it. Will probably spend the weekend aimlessly flying about in one way or another.
76561198060297607,Recommended,487120,34563989,Posted: 28 August,all,King Of Hell,great potencial. very good progress so far. i'm impressed.
,Recommended,487120,33835096,Posted: 27 July,all,Just Horse,Play as a Gandalf!Tame a Dragon!Fights with other Gandalfs!What else do you need?Greatest Gandalf Simulator!11/10BTW:True Gandalf's needs Spells preview!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kKP4d_3wKuQ
,Recommended,487120,33848550,Posted: 27 July,all,~HoG~,This game is really good. He is different from other games.
76561198081509272,Recommended,487120,33890535,Posted: 29 July,all,Seanie265,Dont get me wrong this game could be very fun but if you dont have a top of the line computer the optimization is very poor and horrible frame rates.
76561198301979123,Recommended,487120,33917037,Posted: 30 July,all,K2_Shadow,"Great game just a lot of bugs, I'm sure when the game comes out of early access everything will be polished."
76561198013866161,Recommended,487120,34914329,Posted: 12 September,all,Vileum,Loads of fun. Not much content yet but very promising!
76561197960465381,Recommended,487120,33873011,Posted: 28 July,all,mtkafka,"I thought Dark and Light was good.  This is better, it can be played solo and doesn't take 5+ minutes to start.  As of now, Citadel is the more complete game and you don't  have to worry about eating.    Building in pvp is somewhat pointless because its pretty easy to break into buildings (as of release).Also wanted to add that if you want a pure Ark experience with more ppl then choose DnL.  For some reason (as of release late July 2017) Citadel cannot handle more than 20 players (out of max 40) on a server without a crash every hour.   And 40 max players in Citadel seems small since the map is actually very big.  (about 6x6 km scale).As of today, DnL can be played with full 70 player servers, but the map seems smaller and there are bugs.  But I've been able to get higher 60 fps than a barely 30 in Citadel.Why am i comparing the two?  Because both were released around the same time and are obvious competition!"
,Recommended,487120,35037624,Posted: 17 September,all,SkyLord,"Honestly a great game. When it first released, I wasn't bored of it or lose interest very fast at all, infact I really enjoyed it. It's a fun great game that needs time to be worked on. People write negative reviews so quickly after release which makes people lose interest in a game. This game has a lot of great concepts that most games developed nowadays are missing. The game definitely still needs time to fix it's flaws don't get me wrong but don't write a bad review as soon as you get your first bug or issue, play the game for awhile and experience it rather than ranting because you died as soon as you joined. I would recommend this game because I had loads of fun for quite a long time, compared to a lot of other games like this, I would keep playing Citadel for hours."
,Recommended,487120,34205398,Posted: 12 August,all,SereneDefiance,"Like Skyrim? LotR? Harry Potter? This is a little bit of each.This game ha s SO much potential. Be Warned though, please. This is truly Early Access. There are plenty of bugs and crashes to be worked through. However, this game is amazing.Play a mage in an open world, on a set map, that has a lot of caves, towers and good player communities.Don't like to fight other players? PVE can be just as entertaining. There are monsters of many kinds including dragons, giant eagles, and demonic imps reminiscent of gargoyles.You can tame creatures to fight for you, or ride some of those tamed creatures.You might ""Fatal Error"" out of the game a few times, but since week 1 of the game, I have experienced this less and less with each patch and hotfix they release.Play with friends and fight together, or solo and have all the experience for yourself. Level up to unlock new designs and armor.Overall, relax, enjoy the music and enjoy the experience of this world."
,Recommended,487120,33818749,Posted: 26 July,all,ddnocchio,"it's a EA game, people just don't realize this before they buy the game after they see their favorite youtuber play this game. they're stupid don't be like them.Only buy if you feel that you can tolerate bugs and non game breaking issues. EAs are for helping the game improve so the final product is more refined not just for playing, release is for playing. People are stupid don't be like them"
76561198070504573,Recommended,487120,33821588,Posted: 26 July,all,Karzen,"If you enjoy survival sandbox games and fantasy/rpg elements, the price is right and this game will not dissapoint. Sure it has its share of wonky animations and bugs, but it's early access. This game has a lot of potential and its very fun alone and with friends."
76561198273676384,Recommended,487120,34214865,Posted: 13 August,all,jollyupgrade,"Absolutely recommend this game. Yes acccording to other reviews it is buggy, but they must have mental deficiencies because it's early access. You don't know what early access means get a console and wait for it to come out. The concept is amazing just waiting for a few bug fixes, hopefully monster AI and key inputs. After it is fixed and a little more playable for me I will definitely be on this game. I gave a positive review based on its potential and assuming with it being early access these few obvious bugs will be fixed."
,Recommended,487120,34301760,Posted: 17 August,all,spaecamoeba,would be better without flying broomsticks tbhi can literally kill something 50 levels over me by flying circles over it and spamming mana potionsstill a good game though. i like being a mother♥♥♥♥ing wizard.7.5/10
,Recommended,487120,33850742,Posted: 28 July,all,[SkCr] Will Gust,"You need to get this game! It's like Skyrim and ARK got real freaknasty one night and somehow Harry Potter got in and stuck a finger in someone's♥♥♥♥♥All of the negative reviews are from people who don't understand the point of Early Access.Not all survival aspects are there such as the need to eat or drink. There is also a real grind to get where you want to be, but for me that is part of the fun.I have only noticed a few slight bugs such as when I exit the game it crashes, but nothing game breaking at all."
76561198072752933,Recommended,487120,33836806,Posted: 27 July,all,Marauder,You know that feeling you got when you played Skyrim for the first time. Thats exactly what this is
,Recommended,487120,33886901,Posted: 29 July,all,Outlander,Amazing game with a solid start and nice performance and hotfixes for critical bugs.  I'm very excited to be apart of this EA!
76561198085734035,Recommended,487120,33821303,Posted: 26 July,all,Marlon,"[Hagrid]You're a wizard Harry.[Harry]I'm a... WHAT?![Hagrid]Harry, you're a wizard.[Harry]I'm a what?![Hagrid]A wizard, Harry.[Harry]I'm a WIZARD?![Hagrid]Yes Harry, you're a wizard.[Harry]But I'm just Harry.[Hagrid]Well, ""Just Harry"", you're a wizard.[Harry]But I'm just Harry![Hagrid]No, ""Just Harry"", you - are a wizard![Harry]Listen here Hagrid I'm just Harry![Hagrid]NO! Harry, you are a wizard![Harry]I'm not a wizard, Hagrid, I'm just Harry![Hagrid]Listen Harry, you are a wizard![Harry]No Hagrid, I'm just Harry![Hagrid]Harry, for god's sake, you are a wizard![Harry]A WIZARD?! I'm just Harry![Hagrid]Nooo, ""Just Harry""! You're a wizard.[Harry]I'm not a wizard, Hagrid, I'm just Harry.[Hagrid]Noooooo. Just Harry. You are a wizard.[Harry]I'm not a wizard, Hagrid![Hagrid]HARRY, you are a wizard![Harry]Listen here Hagrid you FAT OAF! I'm not a ♥♥♥♥ING WIZARD![Hagrid]For god's sake Harry, what is with this language?! You're a ♥♥♥♥ING WIZARD.[Harry]I don't give a ♥♥♥♥ you FAT HAIRY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! I'm not a ♥♥♥♥ING WIZARD![Hagrid]Listen Harry, you're going to go to Hogwarts and do SPELLS and♥♥♥♥♥♥ And you're going to be ♥♥♥♥ING pleased about it![Harry]I don't WANT to do your ♥♥♥♥ING spells you BASKET CASE! Stick it up your ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥HOLE![Hagrid]My ♥♥♥♥ing WHAT?!?![Harry]HAGRID, y'er pushing me over the ♥♥♥♥ING line![Hagrid]No I'm not. You are a wizard! You're going to go to Hogwarts, you're going to do spells, you'll get a wand, you'll get a ♥♥♥♥ing owl, it'll deliver your mail - DEAL WITH IT. YA♥♥♥♥♥♥[Harry]I'M GOING TO ♥♥♥♥ING PUT MY♥♥♥♥♥♥IN THE OWL[Hagrid]I did that when I was younger, and that was a bad move. You, are a wizard.[Harry]I'm a WHAT?![Hagrid]YOU'RE A WIZARD HARRY, FOR ♥♥♥♥ SAKE, LISTEN TO MEH![Harry]Hagrid I've been through this I don't give a BLOODY ♥♥♥♥ WHAT YOU THINK.[Hagrid]This is NOT negotiable! You come with me you SPECCY BOWL-HAIRED CUT ♥♥♥♥ SMALL♥♥♥♥♥♥SKINNY♥♥♥♥♥♥EAT MORE ♥♥♥♥♥♥[Harry]I'LL ♥♥♥♥ING SET YER BEARD ON FIRE![Hagrid]'MON THEN YA LITTLE SPECCY♥♥♥♥♥♥ SQUARE-GO LIKE[Harry]I'LL ♥♥♥♥ING BURST YE'[Hagrid]Right you, you little wank stain. If you don't get your act together, I'm gonna drag you to hogwarts. You'll get a wand, you'll get an owl that'll deliver your SHITEY meal and that'll be that and you'll enjoy it ya' sch-ch-ff-chhssh-chinky.[Harry]I'll ♥♥♥♥ing GNAW yer ARM off, Hagrid![Hagrid]Listen you, get near my arm and I'll slap you across the face like a little ♥♥♥♥♥[Harry]I'll PUMP ye' SILLY.[Hagrid]C'MON THEN YA♥♥♥♥♥♥[Harry]SUCK MAH PIXIE♥♥♥♥♥♥YA CHUBBY COON[Hagrid]I'll RUPTURE YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥WITH MAH MASSIVE BEAR♥♥♥♥♥♥[Harry]I'll RIP YER GIANT♥♥♥♥♥♥OFF AND BASH YE ACROSS THE JAW WITH IT[Hagrid]LET'S GO RIGHT NOW BRING IT ON YA LITTLE WANK"
76561198147582524,Recommended,487120,34115442,Posted: 8 August,all,GarretLampshade,"If you're looking for a game that you can build♥♥♥♥♥♥ kill♥♥♥♥♥♥ upgrade♥♥♥♥♥♥ fly and♥♥♥♥♥♥  This is the game for you.Currently this game is buggy, but is early access.  Don't buy and complain when this ♥♥♥♥♥ is in early access."
,Recommended,487120,33863212,Posted: 28 July,all,Witchwood,Play this.Dew it.Dew it and UR A WIZARD.Ratings:Graphics: 9/10Gameplay: 10/10Combat: 8/10AI: 6/10Building: 8/10Bonus Points for Running Smoothly +2Bonus Points for good Concept +144/50Reccomendations: Make more spells (Low Importance). Fix some AI problems (Medium Importance).
,Not Recommended,487120,34069598,Posted: 6 August,all,RennZen,"It's fun and has solid potential but it doesn't yet have as much content and endgame as most other games in the genre.PVP, is fairly solid and could just use some balancing. PvE content however is very sparse and repetitive, and you will quickly realize how little depth there actually is in this regard.Would be best to wait until it has a lot more content and the game is fleshed out a bit more, and when that day comes i have no problem recommending it."
76561198140585966,Recommended,487120,33917640,Posted: 30 July,all,Banbear,Wizards.
,Recommended,487120,34154851,Posted: 10 August,all,Yilpnel,"The game is really fun to play and it has potantial to be a great game.Its like Skyrim, Harry Potter and LotR combination.With time i belive they will fix the bugs and optimize the game."
76561198238695918,Recommended,487120,33826211,Posted: 27 July,all,XX即将崩坏,that is a good game but l hope Citadel can add differet language such as chinese...
76561198065750364,Recommended,487120,33825695,Posted: 26 July,all,MacaJuki,Easy to learn game (: Can't wait to see where this goes in a couple months to a year! Really promising game hope to see it improve a lot! Has a lot of flaws but it just came out on early access so not a big deal.
,Recommended,487120,33835524,Posted: 27 July,all,SirRifo,"Yes, there are a few issues with the servers and some bugs ingame, BUT the game is still a lot of fun. The features, wich are in the game by now, feel really good and almost complete, the world is well made and very interesting. I enjoyed it so far and want to play and see more of the game!"
,Recommended,487120,33911901,Posted: 30 July,all,Saneless,This game is pretty good better than ark and devs seem to be patching. Its early access so expect bugs and lag. Better than ark and conan for sure.
76561197993336212,Recommended,487120,33839054,Posted: 27 July,all,Mark0h,"A lot of fun to play, even with the occasional bugs, and looks good even on my laptop. The build system is different, but it has started to grow on me. Basically, you do not build parts and store them in your inventory like Ark or DnL, instead you open the build menu and build directly into the world.Note: I play on a private server, so I have not encountered any lag issues others have experienced. As with the other sandbox games out there, a lot of people will have a better experience on private servers with some ground rules."
,Recommended,487120,33839042,Posted: 27 July,all,noremaC,"i like it so far, balancing needs to be addressed like fall damage, mat's needed to make potions, health/mana/damage, some critical bugs need to be addressed like animals flying through♥♥♥♥♥♥and mobs trapped in rocks and crashing, Stability needs to be worked on constantly which i think is happening as fps is terrible and servers are constantly crashing and lagging out.All in all i really like this game and the building is quite intuitive, the grinding for resources seems quite balanced and it's just fun in general to explore this world.Combat isn't very fun atm with enemies standing still or orcs sprinting 50 mph around you or the same with deathweavers. The caves are quite crummy with no balancing for lower levels, every cave looks like you need to be at least level 15 with multiple friends to take on.Crafting is quite fun and i appreciate the skill tree and craftable items although i wish i could have more options to wear accessories like maybe and amulet and a ring or a braclet and a ring, either that or buff the perks you get from it as they're quite expensive to forge.All in all i would recommend waiting for updates before purchasing but definitely get this before the end of Early Access or you might be paying £60 for a game you could have gotten for £20.Also the studio team listens very closely to public opinions and you can have direct access to community staff on the official discord server"
76561197969226988,Recommended,487120,33839173,Posted: 27 July,all,Truth,"This game is REALLY fun....I can't wait for dedicated servers and the game to come out! Plays smooth, feels like Elder Scrolls Online.Graphics are smooth, combat is fast, it really pays to play in a group. Sounds are good too. Levelling feels perfect, and there is plenty to do. So far there is one map, it is fun, lots of resources to help you get those crucial basic items...and promise of high adventure to find some rares!"
,Recommended,487120,33933405,Posted: 31 July,all,Profitz,"Great start!  This game offers some beautiful graphics and sound.  The spells and magic in the game look very nice!  The combat is decent and is not a instant-hit-when-cast type but allows for you to avoid/dodge incoming threats.  I watched my son take out two wand-mages as melee.  Lasted a good amount of time and was no one-shot.The building and crafting is pretty decent and like Rust with placing objects and highlighting what is good and not good for placing.  It is quick building as well when you get use to it and the resources for each is fair.  In this game there is a concept like Rust's cabinet but is a throne to allow protection and building placement boundaries.Nice party system and playing with friends is great.  There are several water pools in the game too where some heal, regain mana and others do damage!  Be careful when deciding to take a swing or jump off a ledge!There is variety when engaging in PvE with mobs of various shapes,sizes including dragons.  PvP is fun but since most are casters be ready to dodge, run, etc if you are melee until you can get close and land a destructive swing.  FYI:  Melee is super strong and fun to play.Great potential!  Keep at it devs!*thumbs up*"
,Recommended,487120,33951246,Posted: 1 August,all,Krispiez,"Really fun game, loads of potential. Combat is slightly buggy atm but this is to be expected at this stage, and the real fun of the game comes from building and exploring which is pretty complete and awesome fun. Can't wait for the future updates to come and really enjoying getting my teeth into this game."
,Recommended,487120,33931251,Posted: 31 July,all,Eternal Cage,"Great game, almost 25 hours in and I'm still having fun with my buddies. Game is better with friends than it is solo. Very beautiful game. I like the idea of the skill trees. The Devs are fantastic and have been actively listening to the community. This is Skyrim 2.0."
,Recommended,487120,33959791,Posted: 1 August,all,Cirth,"I figured I'd hit recommend even though I've decided to put this game on the shelf for the time being.  It's your usually sandbox gather game.  The character creation I think needs more work on.A lot of things bad that happened been due to lag due to early access, though there are a few bugs I've notice which I'll mention.  Notice a few enemy npcs regain all health instancely (was on the same elevation), resources aren't respawning (trees,plants, etc) .  Another thing I've notice is when building sometimes stairs or objects wont place down even with support and having all the resources needed, also sometimes things will place but won't appear.  Loading in is horrible due to structures loading in during this times I'm at 60 fps but after loading fps drops to an avg 20.A few good things is it's very different you have magic now building is a lot better than most games like this that I've played.  Being able to fly without having to tame a creatures is a bit of a plus in my book.  From what I've seen is taming is not that hard/long (I didn't ""test"" this out since there was no really good reason to tame).All in all never understood the armor and trinkets (rings necklace etc) should be able to put a ring and necklace on while riding a broom can only do one of those things.  Not much ooo what is this creature, need to add more.  I'm only recommending it due to the price of $20 atm and it gives you something to do for awhile.  I recommend either getting it now play or wait or get it either winter or summer sale when its a lower price and they have updated the game.This game needs to push hard and fast on fixing and adding more stuff because another game just like this came out about the same time with more to offer, which is where I'm heading to download/play."
,Recommended,487120,33927707,Posted: 31 July,all,Lionsmaw,"Really like this game! The graphics are good with a few glitches here and there. The crafting and building is very well done. I've played pretty much everyday I've had this game and can't wait to explore more. I would recommend this for anyone who likes Skyrim, Minecraft and Harry Potter (Step one: Name character, step two craft want, step three lvl up, step four craft brrom and fly!!!).It has a ton of potential and the developers are very responsive to the community. I am excited to see what is coming with future updates."
,Recommended,487120,33970297,Posted: 2 August,all,Pabagan,"This game is pretty wicked. If you like fantasy/magical type game play, this might just be for you. Gathering resources, building, and forging a solid skill tree.With each level you gain you get skill points to unlock certain skills. When starting out its tough to decide what skill is more valuable for you like building, or craftimg health potions, maybe the next teir weapon.I found it to be nice when gaming with a friend for the fact of maybe you are working on a certin thing in the skill tree and a buddy working on something else to benifit each other. I would not consider this game a ""survival game"", because you dont need water, food, and there are no harsh environments to kill you. All in all, a solid game with what I hope to be a bright future."
,Recommended,487120,33818471,Posted: 26 July,all,Kain,"Very good game, first day of release; it has some greay features for example,Unique Idea, a magic survival game has never really been done beforeGood server performance.Great craftingGood building systemMagic system is good.Map is good and largethe only con about the game i have is the poor NPC pathfinding"
,Recommended,487120,33982384,Posted: 2 August,all,HHRRIISSTT,"Do you like Oblivion?Do you like Ark?You'll like this game.Rough around the edges via early access, but the core gameplay is fun. Nothing groundbreaking, but a solid fun time if you like this type of game."
76561198044057756,Recommended,487120,33989802,Posted: 3 August,all,Kargoth,This game is awesome! The best survival game i ever played! The developers are working hard everyday for the best of the game!!! Keep the good work ppls i see this game will be great!!! Looking forward to play many more hours once the server lags are stabilized!!!
76561198292049808,Recommended,487120,33991774,Posted: 3 August,all,BIGWAR65,it is a good game you need to get it
,Recommended,487120,33991396,Posted: 3 August,all,Sparoue,"--------The good: Harry Potter magicthe game if ♥♥♥♥ing funit has every potental to be something amazing-spells, brooms, dragons, oh my...the game mechanics work well enoughthe first few hours i was spellbound by this game, still am but..--onto the bad.LAG and lots of it- server and framrateit IS early access so duh it's gonna have some bad issuesthat's part of the fun i guess, giving feedback to help the devsmake the game better.-mouse acceleration - huuuuuuuuuuuugghhhh whyyynot many settings to remove head bob or other weird camera effectssome people can't even play right now, i myself can't either but they'll fix it eventually.--and ugh this is more of a personal point but, i hated how flying on a broom costs mana, A LOT of manalike TOO MUCH ♥♥♥♥ING MANA LET ME FLY GODDAMNIT"
,Recommended,487120,33993955,Posted: 3 August,all,chriskorea,"Totally unoptimized, buggy, laggy (even on private servers), terrible character customization options, not enough mobs, small map...Aside from those issues, this game is a blast (with friends). Any party of three will enjoy themselves.Decent building mechanics, decent leveling system (even though grinding mobs is atrocious), flying is fun, spells are pretty fun, but nothing will make me feel better then fast sprinting at a caster and chopping them to death with my axe.7/10 at this juncture."
76561198082507341,Recommended,487120,33994430,Posted: 3 August,all,Taftan Bread,"There are plenty of long reviews out there, and most will restate the same things that I am going to say.Is this game fun? Yes, I haven't enjoyed a game this much in awhile.Is the the crafting complicated? No, it is a refined style that ark tried to get.Is the game unqiue? Yes, this game owns the magical setting and does something that I have not seen in survival games before.Is the game buggy? Yeah, it can be fustrating at times.How does the game look, and run? The game looks amazing, and personaly I did not have any problems with running the game.Are the Devs active? The Devs for this game show so much care the game and the people who bought it.Should you buy this game? If you are on the fence if you should buy this game(I was too) I would say if you like a game that is more PvE based, has a focus on exploration rather than food, and has dragons. Then yes I would say buy this game, it is 100% worth the price."
,Recommended,487120,33971065,Posted: 2 August,all,SystemAnonymous,"For Early Access.This game is amazing. I've had it for around 3 days. And already got 36 Hours.This is a game with great potential. But is in great condition for ""Early Access"" There are bugs and thats to be expected. But i've not really found anything that is gamebreaking or ruins the experience.I do recommend Citadel. But just remember. It is Early Access and Bugs do exsist and the team is working hard to fix them.Pro's.You experience things you would have never thought of.The Taming/Scrolls is a great concept.Farming Resources does not feel like a grind.Most stuff can be tamed.They read/listen to what people have to say and look into it.Telekenisis is getting nerfed (patch notes released yesterday) [Possible Patch Release Today]Con's.Server stability (Which is being addressed as I type this)**Suggestion**People seem to build random structures in a server to gain XP. Then they just leave them. Which leaves me thinking it adds to the server load decreasing performance.it is possible to up the decay time on ""Abandoned Structures"" Or allow an Admin to use a removal command. (within reason)--I have gotten some population in my server. Its a UK Server, Feel Free To Join.Server Name = [Mad] Anonymous 6x everything PVP 4hr restart.Or just serach Mad"
76561197990808385,Recommended,487120,33824251,Posted: 26 July,all,Shoe Collector,So much fun PvPing already and exploring is actually fun.
,Recommended,487120,33977595,Posted: 2 August,all,Uumdi,"This game is pretty remarkable for a EA launch.  The devs have been very responsive and major changes / rebalances have already taken place.Short review:I got my $20 worth on day 1 and it's quickly becoming one of my favorite games.  The open world is beautiful and is continually worth exploring.  The biggest strengths to the game are the building system, taming creatures, and the skill trees (need some balancing, but there's a clever variety of weapons, as well as situational loadouts and utility spells)._____________________For the sake of review, here's my criticism:The main funkiller for me was server lag and the need for occasional server restarts, but reasons were diagnosed and solved pretty quickly (Fireballs traveled infinitely, and thus were rendering 99999999m out of bounds).  The devs are open, honest, and responsive to feedback including how the world and objects are rendered, and stability has increased dramatically.  If you're worried about performance, consult other reviews; I've had a solid experience and good fps, but*FIXED* Telekinesis spell was hilarious; I knew not to get attached to my bases after playing RUST and watching trailers where entire castles were picked up and thrown at a mountainside.  This is a shame because building is the most beautifully done and intuitive aspect of the game.  Even a solo player can make an impressive structure in a modest amount of time.  Instead of living in a 2x2 or worrying about honeycomb door cancer, you have a lot more freedom, and its mostly just a place to do your crafting.  All you really need to succeed in the game is a weapon and some mana potions, which can be done even as a wandering nomad (which I also like).Hiding your throne (much like a TC in RUST) can add strategic elements to base defense as well.  Early game PvP was fun and mostly balanced as we were all learning the ropes, but mid-game PvP was just telekinesis griefing back and forth.  Once you destroy the throne, GG, you can just delete everything. What will become of the spell, I'm not sure, but I cast my vote for being able to throwing boulders and trees at bases.  Knowing people were telekinesis griefing each other even on PvE servers makes you wonder about the human condition, especially when I giggle inside.AI is respectable for an open world game; NPCs were laughable placeholders in every other EA title, but these have some life to them; I'd just complain that they're too easy.  Just face tank all the damage, chug pots, or take shots from a safe location.  This is a major gripe for some people, but to me, it exceeded expectations.Potion chugging is tedious for some people.++Items exist with mana and hp regen,--There's only one slot for an accessory *Which is also your broom slot*I'm not sure how I feel about the progression; the grind was pretty peaceful and satisfying; hitting level 10, level 20, or level 30 is meaningful in the context of your surroundings.  Depending on what you want from the game you might want to play on custom servers with xp modifiers so everyone is on the same playing field.  It's inaccurate to call it an MMO; I like the 40-man servers because you get to know your neighbors and it encourages some diplomacy beyond gunning down nakeds."
76561198086343237,Recommended,487120,33824207,Posted: 26 July,all,Driven.by.demons666,"Not to bad. It's fun, and a very beautiful game. A bit clunky at times. I've  encountered a few bugs and glitches.It could definitely use some more character creation options. Also it would be cool if the sky could have a little more definition.Overall I am really enjoying it for the time I've been able to play."
76561198045283400,Recommended,487120,34074167,Posted: 6 August,all,Textra,"I know, I know, yet another Early Access survival game. Despite past disappointments, this one is not just another EA game. There is real potential here. Already the devs have been working hard to patch errors, and they really listen to the community.I feel like I'm playing an MMORPG, but I'm not being forced along a roller-coaster ride. Skyrim meets Ark is not an entirely inapt description. I can base build almost anywhere I like and I don't have to contend with thousands of other players running the same old worn ground or waiting for mobs to respawn, making it feel like I'm at a theme park queuing up for the next ride. I do feel however that a quest system would really complete this game, scope-wise. Perhaps that will come when or if they release the modding API.At the moment, the content is a little lite on; the game definitely needs more mobs, more lands, more dungeons, and more magic, but I know those features are planned for future development. You should buy with that in mind. If you buy it and then complain about bugs, half finished features, or crashes, you're a bit silly. Don't buy EA if you can't deal with those issues. If like me you don't mind throwing down 20 bucks and taking a punt on an EA game, I highly recommend Citadel."
76561198043860446,Recommended,487120,34059965,Posted: 6 August,all,LeatherfaceplayerLOL,feels like a good oldschool multiplayer rpg with shooter elements. i like itbad:servers are laggingbalance (but its ok)
,Recommended,487120,34075680,Posted: 6 August,all,Csymtyr,"Imagine playing an ark/minecraft + harry potter/lord of the rings love child. With pretty great graphics, and a soundtrack ganked striaght from skyrim. It's a pretty good game, EVEN considering how 'early access' it really is right now. At this early-on in its life, I'd give it a 8/10, and if they stay on this path, stay away from pay to win, catering to noobs and casual players, and just general dip♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ around and nerfing things that should never be nerfed. They'll have a 10/10 game when they're through for sure.Also, let's see you guys introduce some features that encourage team-playing? You habe the ability to create houses/and raid and stuff together. Why not make some awesome group based spells that require a certain number of players to group up and just decimate a fortress, or summon some god or demon, or ♥♥♥♥ing part the damn ocean or something? Idk, just SOMETHING to encourage team/co-op play. I'm tired of all these every man for himself survival games that just turn into getting shot in the face a trillion times by a bunch of 12 year olds that have all the time in the world to sit and grind for the good♥♥♥♥♥♥all day because they don't have jobs.Rant over. I love your game so...far, so please, dont f*ck it up."
76561198059462932,Recommended,487120,34087970,Posted: 7 August,all,pookz,"Very good early access, will get you atleast 100 hours of quality game time. considering its an EA that's pretty solid. updated weekly with pretty large updates. worth it!"
,Recommended,487120,33977044,Posted: 2 August,all,Ashslayer,"Now that I've finished the game after 60 hours of playtime, I feel like I can review it properly.Let's do this in lists with pros and cons.cons:The battlements for castles got the looks right, but they are way too small. These battlements are supposed to cover a person's entire body, yet in this game they barely even reach the bottom of the buttGraphics need to be lowered to sustain 30 fpsLeveling on 1x xp is too slowSome creatures hurt way too muchSome creatures don't hurt enoughThe game is too easy combat-wisePotions are too good and basically make combat moot due to your ability to potion spam your way throughPotions remove a lot of the challenge instead of being a tool at your disposal, they feel too significantThe AI needs a lot of work due to its derpy natureIt crashes rarely, but you learn what makes it crash and avoid doing those things (like rapidly equipping a full set of armor)Some spells in the game have animations, but do not actually deal any damageThe game feels slightly ""eh"" after you hit 60 and realize your main form of progression is overPros:It looks goodThe sounds for animals and spells are solidThe building system is fantastic 9/10The visual designs for the animals and monsters are brilliantThe spells are fun to useThere is a lot of variety in spellsThere is a lot of variety in armorsThere is some variety in weaponsThere is a lot of stuff to craftThe end-game is as big as you make it, if you like base buildingYou can play it singleplayer and multiplayer and get a similar experiencePVP and PVE are optionalThe developers are working on bringing out a lot more content like an auction house/trade hub and are fixing bugsFor an early access game it doesn't have that many bugsPerformance is easy to improve with tweaking of the graphical settingsIt's just funMy overall thoughts on this are: Dang this is fun. What? It's over already? I love the building system, but since that's all there is to do in the end-game like with all sandbox games, I kinda feel like there's no reason to play anymore. It was a really fun and addicting game for a week, but then I hit the level cap and had 4 beasts as my pets. I got the best armor, weapons and broom and there is just nothing to do except to build a bigger and bigger base. Even so what would I be building that bigger/better base for? I have no challenging enemies to defeat, nor any reason to build a magical empire.I rate the game as is as of 07.08.2017 6/10. I rate the potential this has with proper love and care 8-9/10."
76561198023099139,Recommended,487120,33926015,Posted: 31 July,all,ronilog,Game is really good buggy and is empty of coment but it sure is amazing even without it
,Recommended,487120,33910999,Posted: 30 July,all,ReaLadge,"*UPDATE 09/08/17 (DD/MM/YY)*Since telekinesis is nerfed it is alot better when raiding bases. It actually takes some effort into raiding bases. But the thing is, it takes too much effort. Stone structures have 57k hp and im lvl 32 atm and my lvl 30 wand does 60 dmg per shot and its 3 shots per second so its 180 dmg per second. If you divide by the structure hp it would take around 5 minutes to take out a single wall. Thats if you do it by yourself. 2 people is half etc. But still, i have 2 layers of 8 walls/pillars stacked inside a 1x1 around my whole base which took a very long time since its on vanilla. So that would take around an hour and a half to get through 16 walls, and thats non stop. 3 people might be alright. Imagine trying to do an online raid or a base thats 3x bigger than mine, it would take way too long.And something i didnt realise is they can just place another wall down or multiple walls to repair. Theres no raid block. Right now i cant be bothered raiding a base atm. It takes way too long at lvl 30 and getting to lvl 30 takes a bit to get too. Maybe lvl 60 might be better but even that takes so long to get to. I have heard that there is going to be craftable raiding items which would definitely be great.Plus another thing to mention is when you take out the throne you can litterally wipe the entire base. So you can wipe a base that takes days/weeks in a couple hours.So just to give people an idea of what raiding is like atm. Hopefully they change the de-throne wiping to something like rust or ark.-----------------------------------------------------------*UPDATE 04/08/17 (DD/MM/YY)*Telekinesis is no longer usable on throned bases. +1Still has some server issues but at least we finally got telekinesis nerfed. Thats all i wanted to make this review positive.-----------------------------------------------------------So im at the point right now of ""having no point in playing"". Not that its a bad game, i think the game so far is a great start. It shows alot of similarities of ark where you can tame, put points into your character, and just the environment in general just feels like ark but in a fantasy setting. It definitely shows lots of potential and i cant wait to see what the future holds with this game. But right now its not worth playing in pvp servers, mainly because of:‣ Telekinesis - Is basically a spell you can put on any weapon and use it to pick up players 1x1 walls and foundations and drop it so it breaks instantly. This usually has a 1 minute cool down but you can bypass it by reslotting the spell onto your weapon again. So pretty much its effortless to raid. I was starting to raid a big castle that looked like it would be difficult to raid but half way through i just felt bad that this guy spent hours building this and it only takes no resource and no time to break in, instead doing a proper raid which it would take a while using your staff and lots of mana. So i just gave his stuff back and gave him my regards plus loot, cause it doesnt feel legit.‣ Imbalanced weapons - Now, im a competitive player and that means im strict on weapon balance. In this game you may aswell just go for either a wand that does medium dmg but high rate of fire or a staff which is vice versa than the melee weapon and gloves which are both underpowered. The gloves barely do dmg compared to wand and staff and the melee weapon you cant get close enough to anybody to do any decent damage since everyone is flying on their broom or riding on a mount. Plus most of the spells you unlock later are no where near as powerful compared to others.‣ Server issues - Well, this is a big one. So far i've had this game, every day theres been server lag. Im on AU servers and it feels like im on a US servers, having 150+ ping all the time. Still playable just half a second to register anything. Yesterday was horrendous. The servers keeps restarting, kicking everyone, having constant lag that makes it very unplayable and made the AI very useless, which comes into my next point.‣ AI/NPC - Theres a few npc's out in the wilderness that are somewhat difficult when starting off but when you get to fight more tougher/rare npc's, they are basically letting you kill them. The dragons just fly around you like flies, they follow you and shoot fireballs at you and you dont loose much or any health at all and they dont attack much either. Same with the giant demons except they do more dmg but not enough to be difficult. You can literally snipe them and they cant do anything about it since they are slow and dont have range. So its not much of a challenge, more of a grind to get the xp.All in all. Im not hating on the game in anyway, this game has massive potential and it just needs more time. In the first few days i loved the game apart from the server lag and a few minor glitches. So im gonna say the same thing what i said about ark. If you are strict on pvp (such as myself), dont get this game yet. If you like pve, you will most likely love this game."
76561198171170811,Not Recommended,487120,33817104,Posted: 26 July,all,The Heretic,Dead
76561198077529386,Recommended,487120,33862393,Posted: 28 July,all,The Mailman,This game would be great if it weren't for all the fatal error crashes I get
76561197982906593,Recommended,487120,33862466,Posted: 28 July,all,Commando Bob,Runs well for a early access game. Some server problems that hopefully get fixed soon. This game has a strong foundation to build off of.
,Recommended,487120,33863099,Posted: 28 July,all,TooproDOME,"Pretty decent game, But still needs some fixing. Personally think Dragons and eagles should be end game tames. Raid spells should be implemented cause having a base is pointless, buggy AI that dont attack back(already killed pyrant lvl 59 boss) more of a variety of NPC's. Dont get me wrong the game is fun solo or with friends. But higher lvls it gets pretty grindy. Fun game 7/10"
,Recommended,487120,34071281,Posted: 6 August,all,NOVAmonkey,"Having fun with the game, just got up to the base defense. Pretty cool.   Need a way to turn off coordinates so people can't see on stream."
76561198133763617,Recommended,487120,33836030,Posted: 27 July,all,SpaceF3tus,"Personally, this is the game I've been looking for and I can't wait to see where this game goes in the future.I really like that you won't die of starvation or thirst and you can build stuff but its not unrealistic like Minecraft or Creativerse.It's awesome and looks absolutely stunning.You dont need to worry about food or water and you can FLY on a broomstick like Harry Potter.Taming is awesome, i really like the fact that you can have pet rabbits. I hope they put in owls and bats and stuff.I found the snap building is really well done, not too much messing around trying to get things where you want them unlike quite a few other games.One very noticeable problem is that you need a beast computer to it run well.Running a 760 and i get 15-25fps with everything on low. (i need to upgrade)Will try on bf's 1080ti and see how it goes.Definitely reccomend if you want a game that is kind of a mix between Skyrim and Ark, though if i were you I'd wait a few weeks/months or so for them to work out the kinks.This game is awesome considering the state of other early access games that have been released for a lot longer.At the moment I would rate it 8/10Edit: Tried on bf's computer and omg! it's beautiful! I'd still reccomend waiting for it to be optimised some more, although now my computer can run it at between 20/25 frames on medium/high. I just have to remember not to run/fly too fast in new areas or it will drop to about 10, but that is most definitely a ping issue on my end causing that as well as the game.Basically just waiting for them to make it run better.I love that you can be super creative with the buildings and the building mechanics dont feel clunky unlike other gamesOut of all the games i have ever played (including console) this is my favourite"
76561198055437838,Recommended,487120,33961996,Posted: 1 August,all,Papalotapuss,"I'm writing this to hopefully help people who are thinking about buying the game in its current state.It's a great concept and a surprisingly polished, refreshing change to the usual survival games I play. The graphics are beautiful, the building is incredible, crafting is fun, and the skill points/levelling system feels very rewarding. There is a decent variety of enemies and dungeons with more being added already.My main gripes are the sometimes buggy enemies in combat and the lack of end game content but I am very confident these will be improved with time. Simply removing the chest/enemy camp locations from the map would drasticlly increase exploration time and I'm sure the enemies will be worked on.Connection issues haven't actually been that bad for me and it just takes a little patience getting into your server.The devs are extremely active with a fourth patch in only the first week due today which is really encouraging. If they keep this up, polish what they have and add some end game content plus combat mechanics then I think this will be something special.I'm always one for benchmarking and I have no joke got ten times the amount of enjoyment from this than I did from Coan, and for less than half the price.If you like survival games, want to try something new and enjoy a good levelling/building system then I highly recommend this game. I know I will easily get 100+hrs just in its current state."
76561198028537887,Recommended,487120,34456608,Posted: 24 August,all,Do Drugs,"Despite all the negative reviews I hope you hear me out.I have had a wonderful game experience with Citadel. One of the better ones i've had since vanilla WoW.Things to know about this game:-There are lots of glitches. As any sandbox open world would have.(most can be simply fixed or avoided)-It is a GRIND to 60 , a pretty serious one.-Find allys-They did rework Seiging and still are tweaking it as to be expected in ""early access""-The game gets more fun the deeper you go until you hit cap due to lack of end game content.-Devs have confirmed that there will be world PvE , like raids or dungeons they are just not sure how it will be implemented.So why then do I recommend this title now even as it is...... the community of people I have found. It is very tight knit and friendly... rare in todays AAA title games. I really do think the developers have someting special here."
,Recommended,487120,33998695,Posted: 3 August,all,Lukeeyyy,If you like Skyrim and rust you will have an absolute blast playing this game. This game has huge potential and can't wait to see where it goes :)
76561198131535809,Recommended,487120,34054049,Posted: 5 August,all,UnknownLion,Very unique and fun game that is very original with no other games out there that are currently like Citadel Forged with Fire. It definitely needs more optimisation to run a lot better and sometimes it will crash from time to time but the devs are great and they constantly push out updates for the game to improve game optimisation and bugs but at the same time adding new animals and dragons and abilities. Recommend it for a fun experience ++
76561198073908578,Recommended,487120,33845443,Posted: 27 July,all,drcoolness,"Yes it looks beautiful, as good as the trailors not like dnl. I got both, mind you ive been waiting for dnl for over a year . Some how Citadel slipped threw I just found out about it a week ago. Bottom line this is the one to get . High fantasy setting check sweet crafting check spell crafting check. Plus tons of cool loot. If your looking for an adventure game were you make ther adventure this is the game for you . Great world to explore and begs to be. I would like actual npc's added with quests considering they are going for RPG experiance. If they added that solid 9-10 sandbox RPG"
,Recommended,487120,33845596,Posted: 27 July,all,20k,"The game has a desync problem, if you find a non laggy server the game is 100% more fun, but you need a server host willing to restart the server frequentlyAI breaks often as wellBut overall the game is really fun"
76561198094128493,Recommended,487120,33849035,Posted: 27 July,all,Big Boss,Better than Dark and Light
,Recommended,487120,33868680,Posted: 28 July,all,Ozoxchris,"The game does well for its price point. Is it perfect? Far from it, but is it playable with friends? For the most part. As with similar games, other players define your experience. You will have ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s that level your base, and you will have moments to recuperate and conquer. I'm going to give this a rating of 7.5/10 schmeckles until it further progresses."
76561198108654137,Recommended,487120,33886787,Posted: 29 July,all,Mgamer24,"This game is amazing, Its skyrim/runescape whith great graphics i spent a fair amount of time playing it and im already addicted. 10/10"
76561198293412609,Recommended,487120,33920476,Posted: 30 July,all,Onion4urtrubles,I love the game so far. I feel its not the right time to play pvp yet. Get used to the game in your single player world and wait for the patches! Im having more fun than i have had in a long time gaming! I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game!!!
,Recommended,487120,33829013,Posted: 27 July,all,Sir Pencil,"Really liking this one so far. Will keep my eyes on it as it develops.If you enjoyed spellcasting and crafting of Skyrim, and like building bases, this is basically the game for you."
,Recommended,487120,33831210,Posted: 27 July,all,Udumbara,It's like ARK made sweet love with Daenerys Targaryen.
,Recommended,487120,33845677,Posted: 27 July,all,EuroHunter,"For Early access it is pretty good, just needs more stable servers other than that. Happy with everything. Obviously since its early access. AI should be improved while the monsters are hard AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, the strongest monsters u can fool by running back and forth between tree's. (However sometimes they catch you)  But still easy to farm exp this way if u make enough mana pots.I love the concept and I love pretty much every element of the game I have played so far in my 10 or so hours.  Building is simple and easy, + you get rewarded for it. Crafting is nice.Maybe its my innerhorder but i love gathering. The world is nice too.So yes stable servers are a must and better pathing AI then the game would be great.PVP is like pvp in BDO (Pot burst Pot Burst) so some fights do drag out but thankfully the dmg you get is pretty huge and u can burst down players rather quickly without too many pot wars. (But maybe they were just more nooby than me?)Probably the best early access title in this genre by far."
,Recommended,487120,33849041,Posted: 27 July,all,Arohs,Really enjoying this game. Just got to 21 and joined a player faction: Kingdom of Khan. I've tamed a cave eagle and am building my castle currently. I put 60hrs into ARK and I prefer this game.
76561197977481583,Recommended,487120,33849113,Posted: 27 July,all,TheTrooper,The game has some lag and the normal bugs you see with early access but I've been having fun leveling up my wizard.  I started a character on a pve server first to learn the ropes.  Made it to level 13 and then started a new character on a pvp server.  I've heard bases are easy to break into so I made sure to craft with everything before I logged out.  I also kept as much stuff on my character as possible since your body disappears when you log out so I think the loot on your body when you log out is safe from raiders.  I would recommend the game to anyone who likes survival/sandbox games but has been looking for one with a fantasy theme.
76561198110130924,Recommended,487120,33872813,Posted: 28 July,all,THORNE,"So I've only played an hour so far but I feel its enough to review my early feelings on this game. Like every other access game Ive tried its extremely buggy and incomplete. But compared to other games similar I own (Conan, Savage Lands) I just feel like this has so much more potential right off the bat. I haven't even scratched the surface yet of what can be done in this game but the graphics and overall atmosphere are top notch. This is the first time in a long time I was actually excited to play a game and discover new things. I'm hoping this game has a bright future and the developers stick with it. I really feel like they have something special here."
,Recommended,487120,33831131,Posted: 27 July,all,[MI]Autistic,How do i fix this error when i try to open the game it just crashes
76561198004612182,Recommended,487120,33840993,Posted: 27 July,all,Paridox,Amazing Game!
,Recommended,487120,33841012,Posted: 27 July,all,Tallulah,"A new, but promising game with some cool ideas! I would wait to purchase it, but if you want to support the devs without expecting a fully functioning game (EARLY ACCESS), you will be pleased."
76561198011902406,Recommended,487120,33921700,Posted: 30 July,all,EX,"Game is pure fun, chasing others around on broomsticks like Harry Potter, able to shoot at them with your wands/ staffs! Flying through woodlands like on a speederbike in star wars! Fighting dragons for their fiery essense, mid air, while frantically popping mana potions!Building massive wizard towers/castles or a hovel in the woods, playing for hours on end to make your perfect base, but then to p**s someone off and they come and rip it apart with telekinesis.Server crashes and lag is unreal at times. Flying in the air, and then fatal error or server crash and you know you are dead or drowning, but might be lucky and you have landed on a hill/mountain.It is grindy but not like most games.PS. This is all done with a buddy which makes it even more fun! With a group I can't even imagine how much fun it will be!"
76561197970982394,Recommended,487120,33949155,Posted: 1 August,all,Mr. DeFox,Overall i enjoyed the first couple of hours. I have not noticed the bugs some have talked about... yet. This has bags of potenial and will be interesting to know what they intend to do with the end game.
76561198012477884,Recommended,487120,33871773,Posted: 28 July,all,Phanttome,"Although the game has only open availiable for 3 day, i must say that it is visually beautiful and the spells are amazing. The creatures and monsters are desigen like they've jumped out of your favourite fantasy book.Because it is new there are obviously going to be a few bugs and things that need to change e.g. Monsters not fighting back (instead just standing there), resources (wood, stone) hard to find because you cant cut down trees or mine rocks yet, etc. Minor things for a game that has just been released and is in early access.I can see this game soley focused on PVP servers, and i totally agree. That's the step forward.To sum the game in one word: Beautiful."
,Recommended,487120,33920261,Posted: 30 July,all,Kimjutu,"I've only played this game a bit over 5 hours but I must say... So far, so good. The game is a little bit rough on performance and the visuals can be downright strange when you first load up the game but it certainly has a charm to it that grows on you as you play. And the same could be said about the character progression as you move up in the levels, always attaining something new. It's quite fun. I only hope to find someone to play with soon as I choose to only play on private servers with friends, or just singleplayer. The combat with... specifically the ranged orcs can be a little grindy at times because they are just.... dumb. They just strafe around you and shoot at you and as long as you can manage to properly time your sidesteps and attacks, you should have no issue dealing with them, provided you have the mana to deal with some of the higher level orcs. Also, standing on rocks shouldnt grant you immunity to creatures that can't reach you but... in this game it certainly does and it can be quite easy to cheese a few enemies given the right situation or.. aghem...boulder. But those few issues aside I would definitely feel that this game deserves a full 9/10 from me simply because it is the sort of thing I've hoped for for quite some time. Definitely worth the 19.99 I paid and I would still pay the extra 5$ (24.99$ full price) because it's simply that much fun and keeps me that entertained. I hope to see more players enjoying it as much as I have soon"
,Recommended,487120,33920394,Posted: 30 July,all,the pope,Good game for early access. Whats there is a great foundation with lots of potential. If you are thinking about buying the game think of it as an investment that will improve over time.
76561198042755066,Recommended,487120,33845432,Posted: 27 July,all,CrazyFuck,cant wait for optimization updates. seriously.22-28 sometimes 30fps on low OR high quality. changing the sliders doesnt do jack.cpu is amd fx 8320graphics card is the gaming edition nvidia gtx 1060 6gb8gb ramsome people have the same cpu as me and have a less powerful gfx card and get better fps so who knows. i just wanna play the goshdarn game
,Recommended,487120,33857630,Posted: 28 July,all,dhart19,"I bought this yesterday.. and played 8 hours in one sitting... I'm hooked. You're basically Harry Potter, only you live in Farcry Primal and get the freedom to build anywhere in an open world."
76561198287568891,Recommended,487120,33861182,Posted: 28 July,all,Lambenstien,Cant wait until this game is playable!
76561198134009512,Recommended,487120,33887918,Posted: 29 July,all,eshawba,"I found that Citadel was a great game, and with the aspect of magic I was very intrieged. The four weapons to chose from were very diverse and represented a different playstyle. I would reccomend this game to anyone who is interested in the adventure and fantasy genre."
76561197986259340,Recommended,487120,33888379,Posted: 29 July,all,Bebop Bitch,"Really fun interesting game! has a lot of potential, for this game just coming out 3 days ago and is early access its a great game. Some things i hope get improved in the future is better AI and more variety of enemies, more weapons etc,"
,Recommended,487120,33861461,Posted: 28 July,all,JustJeff,The content is a bit lacking but so far it seems like a fun game.
,Recommended,487120,33888669,Posted: 29 July,all,Deathfromace,Game has issues but so far nothing has been broken enough to not make it fun to just mess around.
76561198114425738,Not Recommended,487120,33892696,Posted: 29 July,all,Visidious,"I gave this game a try and initially I was impressed by the environments and had some fun roaming around.I was either blessed or cursed with a bug that caused enemies to not attack me, even if I was standing right beside them wailing on them with my fists.After killing a level 32 giant with my bare hands when I was level 7 (drinking 5 health potions as I lost 1 HP per punch for some reason, and it took several hundred) and getting some cool loot, I decided to go across the map pummelling everything I could find.No matter where I went, or what I hit, none of the enemies attacked me back.In around 1 hour I was level 25 and decided that I should probably just uninstall and get a refund.The game looks great but needs more work."
76561198003966618,Recommended,487120,33821555,Posted: 26 July,all,Zevio,First off.  I have 2 gtx 760 graphics cards connected to each other and I can run the game fine.  It says you need at least a gtx 950 at least but it doesnt seem like that's true.About the game.  I think it's fun.  I like how you dont have to drink or eat and you can just run around and explore the world.  Gathering is much easier than in other games because you can do it from a distance with magic.  You can get the basic stuff you need pretty quickly.  There's a lot of progression available so there's always something to look forward to.  It's a very beautiful looking world.  I played for about 4 hours and I definitely enjoy it.  I can forsee the possibility of running out of things to do after I level but i'm not sure yet.  It's a bit grindy but the grind doesn't feel painful.  I play PVE so i dont know what the PVP is like yet.  I recommend the game.  It's a good asking price.  Definitely looking forward to continuing playing.The main reason I wrote this review is to let people know that it is possible to run the game with below the minimum requirements.  I can't say for sure if your computer can run it but mine can.  Good luck.
76561198075405203,Recommended,487120,33940351,Posted: 31 July,all,vegrau,Early access game means a lot of bugs. But generally its okay overall. Depend on the creators commitment whether to see it through or not. Still wait and see.
76561198355722864,Recommended,487120,34020404,Posted: 4 August,all,Krakator,Really loving the game.... its freaking awesome and even rooms pretty well on my 720 euro cheap gaming lappy lol.... dont know why so much people have put a negative review onto it but i really like the mechanics.I could only dream of a game like this in my teens when gaming started to be a thing globaly lol
,Recommended,487120,35185757,Posted: 24 September,all,MinionreaperX,"When it first came out there was alot broken, That said, the state of the game now in the short amount of time it has been. It is way diffrent and better and if you have been debating on getting it b/c of the negative posts. Now would be a good time to get it."
76561198350034898,Recommended,487120,34022328,Posted: 4 August,all,WinterEmpire,love the game but the new update said you dont have the filles how do I fix this helppp.
76561198042399655,Recommended,487120,34022594,Posted: 4 August,all,Yager Hammerhand,"Ok where to start? I like this game for me it has a lot of potential I enjoy fighting monsters and building, while it may still be in Early Access it is enjoyable to play, but to a point, after a certain point all it is, is grinding and very repetitive, and a bit bland, but it is early days my worry is what will happen is this will become Rust just with magic, swarming with people wanting to kill fresh spawns for the hell of it, but that is not to say get rid of PVP  just make it more use it for a plot or story.This is an Open World RPG adventure with no real goal, yes there is PVP and for some that’s enough but it could be so much more what I would hope to see is maybe a sense of urgency or a point to grind and build further up, a actual BIG bad not some oh he spawns and you fight him and carry on. No! a bad that means he wins, game over, server starts a new you lose your character start from scratch, maybe in a world farm more hostile than before.Win well done fight to keep it that way and maybe stop players spawning in the next big bad hoping to get something out of it, as after all you always have someone wanting to play a bad guy or side with the villains, Bring the RPG back into games like this don’t let it just be a tag that has nothing to do with the game.You will always have people who want to build or those who want to craft or those that are just in it for the fight. Give building and claiming land a purpose to keep out the spreading darkness of Orcs and Undead etc. let players build their own economy and more don’t just be Rust meets magic.But as i have said it is early days time will tell how it grows and develops. I hope to be playing this more when it has grown."
76561198279014341,Recommended,487120,34449912,Posted: 23 August,all,Bone4u2c,This game will be at its prime when it's completed it's fun to play now🤗
76561198058511265,Recommended,487120,35148181,Posted: 23 September,all,partiesplayin,"Ok so Citadel is early access , But it is still a well rounded game. IT does have alot more devolpment moving forward and the game is constantly being patched by the devs. With that in mind i think this game can provide at least a few hundred hours of enjoyment. so i will be recomending it at this time based on that and a price of 24.99 - 200+ hours of entertament..  I for 1 am having fun with it . If your An Ark Survival fan and have ever played any of the elder scrolls rpgs or mmorpg it is like a perfect mix of both i would say. Just remember getting into this game that is still early access and not a complete finished game.."
76561198083762263,Recommended,487120,34024856,Posted: 4 August,all,Captain Gearhead,"This game is a lot of funfor a game thats been out a week its got a massive amount of polish but it has it's share of bugs and quirksthere's the occasional bugs and glitches thats to be expected on a early access gamefirst lemme list what i like about the game-I love the spells and the looks of said spells-the artstyle is very good i personally enjoy it-for what's currently out now theres quite a bit of ""meat"" to the game not just busy work but actual enjoyable content-the customiztion for combat- there really isn't one end all be all comabt loadout and you can outfit yourself in whatever way you like i.e. your classic robes and wand mage or a raging magic barbarian (fan of both)-the game allows you to build most anywhere and in very sceneic land at thatnow for what i dislike-the ""taming"" system feels just a bit underpowered (granted I know this isn't ark where taming is the only means of defending oneself) it just feels like the creatures arn't very strong for defending a base or use in combat but its still early access so im hopeful-certain spells don't work and it feels like some of them are sorta clunky at time-personally the mounts in the game feel rather underwhelming when i can just unlock a broom and fly 5x faster than what they could be running-I don't know if they will be adding more spells to the game but it seems to me that right now there needs to be a few more for the sake of personal preference-there needs to be more secondary effects or dots added that would make the game that much harder and more intresting i feel like if you cast fireball you  should have a chance of setting an oppent on fire or if you electricute someone with the shock spell they should have some sort of effect other than just damaging health hell maybe add spells that force people to land when they are flying or slow them down but of course that's my opinon on thatoverall its defienatly a game worth checking out the Devs actually listen to there players and don't seem out for just my money so I'm defiantly hopeful for the game when it becomes bigger its incredibly well made for where it's at and can't wait for what the devs think up in the future"
,Recommended,487120,33916933,Posted: 30 July,all,[Elevated] iTroLLxEpicFail,Upon server reset tames have been depsawning with all items in its inventory. when i join it starts me out in a spawn area with all my gear and items in inventory a few min pass then it taked me to where i logged out at then takes a few more min to actually load everything in.
76561198152443631,Recommended,487120,33919346,Posted: 30 July,all,Raspoutinerie,"I will just re-write the review in a much organised way.Before speaking of the pros and cons, this game has some potential. If you played Empyrion, Minecraft or games like that, it will be for you...BUT NOT NOW! There's way too much bugs at the moment, it's almost unplayable. But I played 15 hours and enjoyed all the time spent in this game. Unlike a lot of people who are just taking ♥♥♥♥♥ and complaining about the game, I can aknowledge the cons of the game and still playing it because, that's what a gamer is. Not just some bunch of crying babies who complains all the ♥♥♥♥ing time in a non-constructive way. And because of the low fps and bugs, I am just playing in PVE for the moment, until they fix more stuff. Ok, let's start.Pros:-The game is(when fully optimized) pretty. The atmosphere with the music reminds me of Skyrim, it's up to you to see if it's good or not. It's easy to get immerse in the game with the forests and landscape. Once you reach the top of a mountain, grab your popcorn or whatever gluten free♥♥♥♥♥♥you want to eat and enjoy the view. Days and nights rotations is done smoothly, and you don't feel like you'll die at night if you're far away from home.-Map Size. I'm not sure about servers' capacities but it's a decent map for 40 players. I really can't complain about that. Not as big as maps in Arma 3 or PUBG but for me it's perfect.-Ressources. I never had any problem finding ressources. Wood, plants, rocks, minerals, you name it, it's everywhere. So if you're far away from home, no mana or health, everything is there so you can craft your ♥♥♥♥♥ and then do whatever you want to do.-Flying. Well, you're a sorcererwitch, you got your ♥♥♥♥ing broom to fly and you can travel faster. It's awesome. And you can go super high, then unequip the broom so it's a big free falling trip. That's pretty much all.-Building. It's just fun. It's not complicated, you don't have to be super precise to place a wall or a floor somewhere. It's pure and simple. Gathering wood or rocks can be a pain in the neck, but whatever. It's part of those games.-PVE community. I never met a toxic person so far. Everyone is just helpful. Discussions on the chat are sometimes silly, but always good to speak about the game, who has problem with what, what should the dev do to make the game better, etc.-Taming. I tamed a bear, a sprite(flying ♥♥♥♥ing annoying♥♥♥♥♥♥like Navy in Zelda), an orc, and a wolf. They all follow you, you can even ride some of them(didn't try with all of them). Jeez you can even tame a dragon, pretty sure that big♥♥♥♥♥bird too. You have the option to keep them minimum for 30 minutes, then add scrolls to their inventory to add some times.Cons:-FPS/Optimisation. This game is ♥♥♥♥ing laggy. It's a serious well known problem. I have a good gaming computer and my fps is around 20 when I play. When you start, it's at 40-50. But the more it loads and render ♥♥♥♥♥, the more it'll drop. And even by putting all settings to low, it doesn't change anything. But that's a problem they will fix so hopefully it's not permanent.-Servers menu. What the ♥♥♥♥? Seriously it's a shitness of ♥♥♥♥s to find a server(I'm exagerating). First, you can't sort. Nope. Can't. ♥♥♥♥ you. I tried. The little arrow move, oh yeah it does. It points up or down, that for sure. But the servers list is not doing anything. I ain't no programmer but isn't it some basic stuff? As well, if you pick some ""favorites"", good luck to finding them. You have to click, back and forth, on ""favorite"" and internet/lan/history/blablabla. At some point, it will appear. My trick is just typing the server's name in the search bar. Does it make my experience less fun? Of course not.-Joining a server. A well known issue, when you join in, it takes around 5-10 minutes to render 100% what's on the map. Most important, the houses. It means your chests can be accessible to other players and you just lose your valuable stuff. The new patch is suppose to fix that with the chests authorisation and the loading time. And also, if you logged out in your house, you're kinda stuck until everything load. I managed to get out and all that, but can't gather ressources. So, get your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥or whatever website you watch football games, and just wait.Another thing, sometimes you can't look around. You need to do it with right click. To undo that, just go in settings and move your mouse, at some point you'll see your character in the background move so, yep.-Skills tree. Mostly the spells, there's not enough. It's a personal opinion, but only 4 weapons, you're stuck with one spell until 15 lvls later, only a few ""universal spells"" like extract and pacify. Hopefully they'll had more. But again, it's my opinion.-Mobs. The AI remind me of the AI in The Forest. An orc will fight you, then sudenly decide to just run in circle around you. It is so spontaneous, it's just ♥♥♥♥ing silly. Sometimes you'll see a big♥♥♥♥♥monster just start running towards you, you're ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you pants, then realise he was just going behind you to chill and start to walk.It's...huh??Why? I tought he was about to attack me. I know they'll fix that, so don't bother too much with that.The XP you get with mobs is unbalanced. I kill a big♥♥♥♥♥monster and get 1500-2000 XP(sometimes more). I drank i dunno how many mana flask for that. I kill an orc with 4-5 shots, 1000-1500 XP. It's way quicker, less dangerous, and I don't use too much mana. That's what I mean by unbalenced. Same thing with bears. It seems they have a pretty good defence, but you'll get a very few XP from them. So the best thing will be: Mob takes 1 trillion hits to kill? Gimme XP!!! A mob takes 3-4 hits? Gimme juuuuust a little bit XP.-Building menu. I just hate it. It starts with 3 options: floors and ♥♥♥♥♥, magic(furniture), delete. To choose one of the above, you need to you the mouse scroll, and it's inverted. So if you go up, it'll go down(right), and vice versa, it's just weird. Kinda like inverting A and B function on a Snes game. To go further, you click left. To go back, you click right. To exit? Escape. Not the right click. Maybe because I'm Canadian but ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥this is confusing when you're in a hurry. The delete button instanly delete what you're looking at if you click on it. It doesn't ask if I'm sure or really sure to delete the object. I lost a chest with so many mana potions in there. So if you delete a chest, make sure it's empty. When you go in the ""magic"" section (why the ♥♥♥♥ it's magic? those are FURNITURE), there's 3 options: small, medium and large. They based the furniture sizes on pizza sizes. It's very petty, but it bothers me. It's sorted by size and not by function. I don't care how big is my chest, just put it with the other furniture like tables and stuff, put the mana pool in another category.-Rendering. Sometimes you'll find a nice ""patch"" of flowers you need to make potions. You arrive to pick them, it's not working, aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnd it's gone !! Yep, a big teaser for sure. Same with trees and rocks. It's petty, but sometimes annoying.So far that's what I'm thinking of. I might update the review when new patches will come out."
,Recommended,487120,34023447,Posted: 4 August,all,King Fink,"I bought this the day it came out, or possibly the day after. I'll admit that the game currently (August 4th 2017) is a bit buggy, there isn't a TON of vareity of things to do, and at times can feel a bit grindy. However, over the past week the devs have released updates almost daily, which I realize will slow down as the game progresses, but these updates have fixed a ton of bugs, have added new content already, and are actually working with the community which is great. I'm happy I was able to get an awesome open world multiplayer RPG game with a ♥♥♥♥ ton of potential for 20% off, but I certainly would have paid $25 for this game as well. I do recommend this game, only if you're willing to watch and play the game as it grows and grows."
,Recommended,487120,35137816,Posted: 22 September,all,Cadiz,"Great game needs a little more work, but its coming up fast on fixes. Devs seem to listen which is great."
,Recommended,487120,35223734,Posted: 26 September,all,Himblez,"Great, interesting, fun RPG. Would recommend."
76561198052639439,Recommended,487120,34018988,Posted: 4 August,all,Blackfyre,Pretty fun once you get the hang of it. It can definately be a serious Pvp or Pve game. Love the building feature. Tames are temporary due to spells but you can extend them /w scrolls. Crafting system is nice and fairly simple to grasp. Like the best music keeping it simple is great. Still a lot of work to be done but still was enjoyable to play.
,Recommended,487120,34028526,Posted: 4 August,all,Ac1d,"If your looking this game for purely PvP content dont it just yet doesnt have enough deep in it yet, wait for future changes.if on the other hand you are intrested in building big buildings, taming wild life and exploration this game easly has content for you to enjoy for 75+ hours. the things you can do whit this building tool are best bases i have seen in any base building game.bought this game for me and my girl and havent regret it at all."
76561198086254102,Recommended,487120,35188452,Posted: 24 September,all,PheneticFox,very well made so far of course it has its problems but thats to be expected with an early acsses title so far the castle building has been really rewarding and really fun! keep up the good work
,Recommended,487120,35240189,Posted: 27 September,all,Zanktus,"PRO- A good mixture of Skyrim, Survival (like Rust, Ark) and Harry Potter.- You can freely build whatever you want.- Good progression system for you character (you can increase stats and learn crafting stuff, spells and other).- Taming (up to 4 creatures) with mounting them and leveling.- Active developers, patches are arriving on weekly basis and it seems like they are listening (mostly). You can even follow their trello board.- You get experience for literally everything: Hunting, crafting, gathering, exploring and so on. It is very rewarding.- Talking about exploring, the world is very beautiful and it makes a lot fun to explore caves, mountains and whatever. The view distance is also one of the biggest I've seem so far in a open world RPG. You often say to yourself ""wow what is this??"" while you get eaten by a big Balrog walking around burning.- Group play with experience share and building rights. Good for coop play, I had tons of funny times playing with friends.CON- Low playerbase, if you have a friend it makes a lot fun, but playing solo is boring.- Bugs. Well it is in early access, so bugs are a given. So far I haven't encountered game breaking bugs, just a few minor ones.- Endcontent is kinda limited for now. After reaching max level and exploring the complete map, it is kinda boring. So take your time and don't rush things.- Just a few spells so far. You have a lot items for building and crafting, but just a few spells to be a fleshed out mage. The spells so far are good, but a mage needs a lot more.Seriously this game is gorgeous and makes so much fun. Yes it has issues and bugs which sometimes are a letdown. And it misses features needed for endgame gameplay. But if you like sandbox games which includes the world and atmosphere like Skyrim did, this is your game.Servers are kinda dead right now, so pick up a friend or two and dive into the world."
76561198241405788,Recommended,487120,34511914,Posted: 26 August,all,wooldozer,"fun crafty game ,also you can fly on your broomstick."
76561197985072084,Recommended,487120,33836256,Posted: 27 July,all,busprs_,"I wish I could give a mixed review but I can only do, ""Yes"" or ""No"". I would recommend this game to people that want to support the devs in order to make a good start into a great game. The game is fairly thin as the only real thing to do after obtaining flight and getting your main crafting stations is to grind out killing mobs or gathering more materials to create the large number of mana potions you will need. That being said, I would also recommend this game to peeps looking to PvP as that would also give some purpose to continuing to play instead of just grind killing.The game is very grindy with almost all upgrades to items being every 5-10 levels away. You do get stat points for leveling which provides a decent sense of progression but the item upgrades feel like you had to grind for an eternity to increase your power marginally.The loot drops from chests are very disappointing. I have recieved many items that are 10-20 levels away and are just barely better than what I am currently using. In regards to gear, you CANNOT equip a ring, amulet, braclet, broom or flying potion at the same time. I was really excited to see that there are rings that have mana regen on them because I burn through mana potions flying around so much. Then I realized that in order to make that regen ring work I would have to travel, stop in a safe area when low on mana, switch from the broom to a ring and just wait until mana was full again. The only use for the jewelry is when you are in a cave.The opitimization is not terrible, but not good. However, fast travel between towers is instantaneous with no loading whatsoever.If you are looking for a game that has tons of hours worth of content and gives a solid feeling of progression, I wouldn't recommend this game quite yet. If you think this game looks interesting and wanna see more, pick it up and pop on after major updates like we all do with 7dtd, The Forest and Ark. If you want a Harry Potter PvP game, this might be perfect for you."
76561198367033667,Recommended,487120,33943611,Posted: 1 August,all,emchris,"The concept is incredible. And though I understand the game is only in the early stages, it could possibly compete with the Elder Scrolls if Bethesda doesn't stop beating the dead horse (Skyrim.) I only have one suggestion. More single player options, maybe a campaign with a compelling origin story, not Skyrim type campaign more like Mount and Blade campaign. To sum everything up, I love this game, I think the concept is great, and the gameplay, though only bein in it's early stages, is remarkable, considering this game has only been on Steam for a few days. Citadel: Forged with Fire is going places. Soon."
76561198035633751,Recommended,487120,34005543,Posted: 3 August,all,DeweyDecimal,"I enjoy nit totally and see a great game in the making... Would love to see some boats, control animals to fight along side with the characters, NPC villages, villagers, trading posts, etc... Would love to fly on an eagle, just saying...lol... Super game!"
,Recommended,487120,33825120,Posted: 26 July,all,tribaljake,Needs some work but pretty damn fun so far.
76561198116255804,Recommended,487120,34082560,Posted: 7 August,all,Meatbag101,$hitadel: Forged with Bugs
76561197991844714,Recommended,487120,34374414,Posted: 20 August,all,Rex Smashington,The game is lacking content because it's been in early access less than a month.  Having bought it on launch day though I can tell you in the 30 or so days they've been patching it I've noticed a massive improvement.  From content to bug fixing and server stability.This game has a bright future as long as the coming year/s continue at the same rate of improvement.  Can't wait to see what they've done over the course of six months.But like I said.  If you don't like fresh out the door early access games with a lot of bugs and missing content just hold off until the full release.  If you don't mind it and like to test early systems and provide feedback to try and help shape the game then definitely grab it.  It's a great game with loads of potential.
76561198174027739,Recommended,487120,33954540,Posted: 1 August,all,𝓡𝔞𝔪𝔰𝔞𝑦 ✌,"game great, but need more optimization fix ;)"
,Not Recommended,487120,34467251,Posted: 24 August,all,Obedear,Started off great! Though Devs became concerned with PVE players complaining about PVP. Some spells were overpowered though they kept nefing and nerfing leaving the game dead with nothing to do. Raiding was one of the only things keeping the game intresting as the PVE is horrible in its current state. Max lvl is grinding with nothing to do.
76561198058748677,Recommended,487120,34225870,Posted: 13 August,all,rp93,"Though the game is super buggy i thought it has a great concept. As of now ive done everything the game has to offer and i havent hit max level. the game is great, I'm hoping in a year or so this game will be much better and organized. As of now I'm stopping until more content and performance patches are released. Great building system, terrible combat, not much to do other than gather resources for your house and kill♥♥♥♥♥♥in caves. But until they release more I feel ive done it all. totally worth the money spent"
,Recommended,487120,34258931,Posted: 15 August,all,BANH MI,"The game is really fun to play and it has potantial to be a great game.Its like Skyrim, Harry Potter and LotR combination.With time i belive they will fix the bugs and optimize the game."
76561198067505707,Recommended,487120,33826939,Posted: 27 July,all,Laffio,"Really enjoying what im seeing so far. Hopefully there will be safe haven cities and archery. some kind of currency. Progess is slow but, i dont mind it to much. Its worth playing the game is beautiful and well optimized."
76561197978176608,Recommended,487120,33827545,Posted: 27 July,all,WalkerTheBandit,Made a staff. Thirty minutes into the game had my first PVP kill. Two hours later I have a broomstick like my mothers so i can fly around. At three hours playtime I have a house and a pet bear. Whats not to like?
76561198115987888,Recommended,487120,33848675,Posted: 27 July,all,Fenrix,"Game is amazing. If you love skyrim and harry potter this is their baby, so much fun solo and with friends. Devs keep up the great work. keep listening to the players feed back and this game will be golden. So far its a masterpiece It has all the best things that these type of charcter development and base elements have and it thows out all the wasted garbage that those games have as well. Definatly a long time since we had anything good like this in a long time."
76561197971091084,Recommended,487120,33869802,Posted: 28 July,all,Turtle (tAG 99),this game is amazing!!!   worth the money and  get it while in on sale!!!
,Recommended,487120,33945458,Posted: 1 August,all,NoeSpark,"Well worth the money. i jumped in at 19.99$ 20% off sale. and i am so glad i didnt drop any cash on D&L. (just buy ark,oh wait they raised the price to force u into D&L)this game is wizardry 101 meets survival. avery nice change of scenery and style for the ganre. somesay its agrind fest. but imho it really isnt.the only bad thing i see(though this is early access so this can easilybe fixed) is that bases have no offline protection and the only thing stoping anyone fromgetting into your base is how annoying will it be for this guy to break in during a 8 hr period im at work. (normalattacks break down ur bases, dunno about stone bases yet though)allin all its just like ark without dinos and add mages. and just like ark. the newbs get owned for being stupid."
76561198046679461,Recommended,487120,33847139,Posted: 27 July,all,Brother Brother,Dark and Light FeelsBadMan
,Recommended,487120,33848239,Posted: 27 July,all,hojokono,"it's okay, has a long way to go b4 a full release tho"
76561198296159765,Recommended,487120,33849564,Posted: 27 July,all,Dankmemes78999,Loved playing the game up until it keeps crashing on me everytime I try to join the server I have spent hours in
,Recommended,487120,33869880,Posted: 28 July,all,Emperor Constantine,"Keeping in mind the game is in early access and has a fair few bugs and glitches, not to mention crashes. Its early days and they are only going to expand. So long as they plan to expand the map and increase server player size in the future and really flesh out the knowledge tree with a full varity of items and customization. I really can see this game flourshing on the same level as rust. Great game, once off payment no micro payments, amazing graphics (if your rig can handle it) awesome concept that is only going to expand. I'd really be intrested to see where this game will be a year from here."
76561198393172283,Recommended,487120,33872326,Posted: 28 July,all,Sev321,this game is fun but alot of the time your server wont show up on the server list and you arnt able to get on it neds to be fixed before you get this game or you will spend alot off effort on a server and wont be able to get back on
,Recommended,487120,33826893,Posted: 27 July,all,Sheep,"Citadel is amazing!Had such a great time yesterday at the release.Me and my friend started trying out different servers tho we clearly got the sense of some of them being broken.Some servers gave you low fps, other had broken monsters that didnt attack.But when we found a good working server it was on.This game is seriously so good!I can't say much about endgame. We only got to lvl 12.But i guess you'll become so overpowered you'll either turn into a villian or a hero on your server."
,Recommended,487120,33847430,Posted: 27 July,all,Connor,"Despite the server issues going on at the moment, when you're able to play smoothly the game is a lot of fun. If you're not able to cope with laggy servers there is a single player mode available as well. There is a large amount of leveling rewards to go through and the map is quite large.You can have a lot of fun with spells and the building even though they are fairly simple at the moment.Overall, i'm looking forward to see the higher level content and what there will be to offer in the future."
,Recommended,487120,33885373,Posted: 29 July,all,Laksamun,"This game is very enjoyable. However, it seems like there are a lot of things to improve currently. Therefore, i refunded and i will be waiting to purchase it again when the game has developed."
,Recommended,487120,33886625,Posted: 29 July,all,nickt629,"I was skeptical at first from reading the reviews on this product and watching live streams, however after taking the time to not only play it but to go as far as to set up my own server on our dedicated box i can confidently say this game is worth trying out. It definitely has the usual quirks of an early access title, however they have done a great job releasing a base game and 8 hours in i dont even feel like ive scratched the surface of the game. do the devs a favor and support them and help them develop this game into the awesome game it has the potential to be and already is!"
,Recommended,487120,33842947,Posted: 27 July,all,Mr. Moseby from Dog With A Blog,On some of the servers the monsters dont fight back because they know im playing mage! Mage op btw and you will go no where without mana pots. Legit if you dont want to make mana pots consider uninstalling because you basically use mana to even walk at this point.
76561198048605083,Recommended,487120,33868749,Posted: 28 July,all,Pyro,"This game is what I was looking for. Not sure if it's going to be the best, but I joined some RP server and I am having fun. It is scary on the PVP servers, but you can do it. The game IS NOT finished... I can't imagine how long it will be in development? It feels really fun to play. There are problems with server connection issues, and the mob AI is kinda stupid. However building is really fun. I enjoy this kind of game and if you do too, then def download it and come play.Full loot PVP, but optional PVE servers, RP serversgain exp as you do stuff. pick whatever you want to upgrade, no classesdo what you want, build what you want, where you want... although buildings can be destroied!nothing is safe, but materials abound. If you want a ""safe"" game you can probably find a server that allows that.It turns into a building simulator... servers are small. like 40 to 100 people, so I'm not sure how they would do guild warfare or anything... a good zerg only beings at 100 people :)but its nice, fun game. It will be fun to follow the development."
,Recommended,487120,33830181,Posted: 27 July,all,Forgex,"This game is simple, but fun.  Its more than worth its price.  I like solo and grouping.  I play mostly PVE, but play PVP when i get that itch."
76561198366304901,Recommended,487120,33831266,Posted: 27 July,all,xBassCatx,From the time i have been playing this game i have been completely astounded by what is around the next corner of my journey. The leveling up system is super fun and the community in the servers are really nice so far. The building is extremely smooth and interesting and this is a game i can spend countless hours on! There is some bugs but its an early access game so what do you expect =p
,Recommended,487120,33826261,Posted: 27 July,all,Monty,5 of my friends an I bought this game today and 3 out of us expirience lots of lag and freezing. The game is pretty fun and has a nice feel it it. But you might have lots of lag (only for now until some patches).
,Recommended,487120,33826660,Posted: 27 July,all,gordon,great
76561198017451356,Recommended,487120,33830061,Posted: 27 July,all,Arvo,"really smooth release, bought the game and could play instantly after download. the game appeares polished imo, of course it is early access and there are some bugs but it is playable and i have been enjoying it. I like that there is no hunger system, only thing you have to care about is to have allways enough mana and life potions."
76561197981480107,Recommended,487120,33887746,Posted: 29 July,all,FrozenKnight,"I'm not far into the game yet so my review may be a bit early.The game feels like the pre-release of ARK: Survival Evolved, just with a more mystical feel.Taming animals does exist, but from what I can tell it’s time and level limited, so hopefully there won’t be any 10+ tames later in the game. But I have yet to tame anything so I am not exactly sure how it works yet. (Will update when i get a chance to know more. As I don’t have the tame skill yet.)Keep in mind that this game is still early release.So far, I have had 2 crashes in 4 hours while playing with a friend. ( Note: I was hosting. ) The graphics demand is a little on the high side. But I am playing with a Radeon HD 7850 and I can handle most settings on or around mid. Most people will have a better card and should be able to handle more. Even with that the game does look beautiful.The available spells Currently seem a bit limiting, as each weapon only has one spell/skill associated with it. I shoes staff and am noticing that even though it is an AOE weapon I often need to hit the enemy directly in the face to guarantee it will hit, and have yet to hit 2 enemies at once even when they are on top of each other. Hope that will be fixed in an update soon.Suggestion: expect to rely on health and mana potions. This game does not seem to support health innate health regen, so you will either need to keep a constant supply of health and mana potions or find some similar alternative. Especially, since level 1 enemies are rare and level 5’s and up are found out of the gate. (The game does not go easy on you, but it is still far more leisurely than ARC.) That being said me and a friend were able to kill a level 35 dragon with both of us at level 8. (using a lot of potions and cover) And while mana regen isn’t really that bad, in battle you will definitely notice how slow it really is. This is only compounded with the occasional respawn right on top of you. So make extra sure you are safe before opening your inventory. (Died a few times in the middle of the road while crafting a health potion, because of that.)Don’t get me wrong, there are lag issues. Both client side and server side. But with an early release I kind of expected a few hiccups. Time will tell how well they are handled."
76561198067186497,Recommended,487120,33873600,Posted: 28 July,all,ColdBlue,"Defintly a early acess game. With bugs and occasional glitch. Animations need improvements. BUT, for an early acess game it is very playable, building is nice. Combat is good, but needs improvement. Crafting needs improvement, but is defintly got a good foundation.Overall the game is good, but is a work in progress.I havent put a lot of time into the game yet, but so far it has been fun!"
,Recommended,487120,33881685,Posted: 29 July,all,Blindobi,"This is a game I can get behind. It's just like Ark, but with a skyrim feel. The only issue I have is , its like Ark. I'm not a big fan of Ark. So ya if you like Ark and Skyrim. This is your game. If you don't like either done waste your money."
,Recommended,487120,33881810,Posted: 29 July,all,Drifter7,"Really fun new spin on survival games, the options of magic make this game more fresh and fun and the size and scope of it are already excellent. Really looking forward to seeing how it improves from here"
76561198064862586,Recommended,487120,33881856,Posted: 29 July,all,Crixus,This game is absolutely sick!! I finally get to become a wizard!! And fly on a broomstick!!! That's worth the 15!! Definitely recommend great job guys!!
,Recommended,487120,33894387,Posted: 29 July,all,Jyncs,This game has been really fun so far.Sure there are bugs and issues but the dev team seems to be very active and are listening to player feedback. For me that is one of the greatest things so far.I love the game play and have been really getting into it and wish I had more time to play.
,Recommended,487120,33892927,Posted: 29 July,all,DynamiteKitty,"Citadel in my eyes can only be enjoyed with friends on a custom server - I couldn't stand playing on some random server all of which are PVP and most of the world is already destroyed etc. Don't get me wrong, having 30-40 wizards in one session can be cool, but it really withdraws the fun very quickly. At the moment, we're playing in a group of 6 and are probably expanding on payday to around 8-10 which is more than enough for us. It's a fun game but here are some Pros and Cons:Pros- You can tame so much! (Dragons!)- Great looking for an early access game- Custom server is a bit of a hassle, but can be stable after set up- The leveling system works well if you are in a group, because if someone doesn't have a skillset and you do, that's where team work can be fun- Large open world with different things to do, not so much survival as far as Ark having to feed animals (which I hated micro management of pets)- Quick turn around support; playing this on the first night I only got 20 minutes on a server due to fatal errors, which were hot fixed the next day- I feel taht it has value for moneyCons:- Major sync issues between personal client and server (unable to interact with or have your tamed beasts follow on your client due to sync issue, this needs looking at ASAP as you can loose your pets for no reason what so ever)- The games EPIC settings really struggle with high end PC's and not sure why, possible optomization issue?- Invisible wall at the top of the map, hope this is expanded on in the future- Buggy AI that will blank you / one shot you on sync server lag- XP becomes a grind once you've done a new task a few times overHow it can improve:- The client sync issues need to be picked up ASAP as this is causing a ton of issues- Maybe some more objectives in game e.g. a raid boss style area like some other parts of the map with mini bosses would be really interesting- Pets should be accessible to those in your house/party- Fix bug relating to not seeing people on your map or being identified on your HUD even if they are in the same partyOtherwise I would strongly recommend this game, as far as very early, and I mean very early access games go, this is amazing. This is better than most that have been in development for 1-2 years.And remember, 'cause wizards!"
76561198295653568,Recommended,487120,33880319,Posted: 29 July,all,Bob J Sagginton,"The game as a whole is personally a perfect concept overall. The only thing i dont like about this game is that, granted the game was released 3 days ago to this date (29/07/17), the optimizations aren't perfect for lower PC's and it doesn't allow smooth gameplay. Apart from the lower pc's being unable to play the game, to anybody that has a beefy computer system, I would strongly recommend they try the game out as it is great fun with higher frames and better looks."
76561198135508528,Recommended,487120,33858736,Posted: 28 July,all,Legend,"Really fun game with alot of potential, even with all the bugs its still alot of fun. Can be grindy but not as bad as some other survival games. Tames don't take long either, tamed a medium dragon in like 10 min, just requires a bit of skill. Devs just need to fix bugs and balance some stuff and this will be an even better game."
,Recommended,487120,33863845,Posted: 28 July,all,Dracupuncture,"pretty great game in my opinion, certainly a work in progress but awesome none the less.running on a 980ti I get an average of 45fps.the game isn't well optimised yet so some lower end rigs might not run it well but apart from that its fairly awesome; currently there is a bug where basically nothing will attack you however as the Devs have already released two updates since the release on steam I'm confident that will be fixed soon.really enjoyed it so far; I would liken it (like many others) to a multiplayer oblivion/skyrim with great building.If you like great buidling mechanics; no annoying food and drink metres and gauntlets that shoot laser beams, this is for you."
76561198041882530,Recommended,487120,34143756,Posted: 10 August,all,Yun Fufu,"Amazing game, has really great potential, just need more updates and patches for bugs. Other than, pretty solid, also just more creatures, the game is really fun if u play with a friend. Game has a long way to go, so dont expect the game being 100% polished, they'll be FPS spikes. But I recommend to get the game now, or wait till workshop is implemented."
,Recommended,487120,35090419,Posted: 20 September,all,Pokotoco,"Great game with great potential. It need a lot of love and care, but with attention, I'd give it a year before it's amazing. Would definitely recommend buying it early access, both to support the studio and for the lowered price."
,Recommended,487120,33819989,Posted: 26 July,all,Bloodywall,It's ARK / Conan meets Harry Potter.  Very easy to pick up and start wizarding.  Broom is fun.  Fireballs are fun.  Building is easy and rewarding.  Good early access with almost zero problems found so far.   Pick it up if you like this type of survival / sandbox gaming.
76561197970682603,Recommended,487120,34021342,Posted: 4 August,all,Maroszek,"Yes it's still early access, but it's a ton of fun playing PvE with friends on a side server.  I can't speak to the whole open server/PVP aspect as I generally avoid this type of game play (not the fault of the game btw, just don't like being trolled).If you like an open world fantasy type setting (e.g. Elder Scrolls type game) that you can build/craft a few things in, then you will probably enjoy this game."
,Recommended,487120,34021620,Posted: 4 August,all,Yaro,"A very satisfying mix of RPG and survival, in a lot of ways the world is geared around you forging your own (current) piece of land to your will, rather than trying to survive against the forces of nature. I haven't had as many issues connecting as other players have, though I will say the server browser in particular can use a lot of work. Having previously played RUST in this genre, the lack of twitchy kill-or-be-killed from any distance combat definitely gives it a more exploratory and adventurous mood. Very playable in its current state, and it's very exciting to think of how they're going to continue to polish and grow this game."
76561198037341877,Not Recommended,487120,34503985,Posted: 26 August,all,123,Refunded. Graphics nice but animations ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. And the headbob in first person mode is a big cooler for me.
76561197967635128,Recommended,487120,34020637,Posted: 4 August,all,Abrax,"46 hours in seems like a good time to leave a review.Okay, let's start with the fact that this is an early access game that's been out for a week. I've lost count of the number of patches and updates they put out since then, it's been amazing. This is how early access should be, constant communication from the developers, acknowledgement of feedback, and plenty of patches for fixing reported bugs.Of course, there are still many bugs in the game, they're working on that. And they've provided a bulletin board on Trello that shows us what is on their radar to be fixed and added to the game. This is pretty sweet, I've played more than a few EA games these guys are on top of it. Sure, it's only been a week and it could taper off as time goes by, but this is a very encouraging sign to me.Now, on to the gameplay. In a nutshell, it's fun, but not amazing. The spell casting is fun, getting the first broom is a blast, taming your first dragon and flying around at warp factor 50 is so much fun. But it's a grind, there's not a ton of variety in the combat, you're basically just spamming a lot of your bread and butter spells for whatever your weapon of choice is. And the AI is clumsy, so there's not a ton of challenge in it unless you go pick a fight with something well above your weight class. And the new spells are few and far between.Fortunately, they're planning on adding more spells and weapons (and armor) as time goes on, so hopefully it won't be a 10 - 15 level wait for a new spell or weapon.Crafting is simple, get X number of various resources, use them on the appropriate crafting bench, and get stuff. You do get XP for crafting and gathering resources, not a ton, but enough to make it worthwhile to set up a bunch of potions brewing or ore smelting while you go hunting for stuff to kill to get a nice little bonus stream of XP coming in.Building is fun, if you're into that sort of thing (I am). You can make some badass looking castles and you get XP for building stuff too.One caveat: I play on a server I rented that is PvE only and I only play with friends. So I can't speak to the level of griefing you might run into on a public PvP server, though I do know that they put in a few balance tweaks in the last patch to make griefing less of an issue.On the whole, I give this a solid 7.5/10 with a ton of potential. You might be a little bored early on in the development process with the grinding and lack of variety, but give it some time to see what they add. With end game boss fights, world events, and NPC towns and vendors on the design schedule, this game could really be something fun in the future."
76561198107681540,Recommended,487120,34787283,Posted: 6 September,all,Chop Suey,"Citadel forged with fire is a game thats current state is a bit lack luster. The game has so much potential and at its core the mechanics of this game seem pretty decent. In the end of the day though, inorder to enjoy this game you have to be a gamer that loves building bases. The best mechanics in this game are the building ones I mean you can build huge and expansive castles that look insane. The feeling of completing a huge sick castle in this game is one of the best feelings I have experienced in any game I have played. That being said, without the building mechanics this game does not have much else to offer. The AI is ridiculously stupid and the world though beautiful, is very redundant. If you want to build an awesome base for you and your friends then I would recommend picking up this game because if you are into building this game will be 100% worth your money. If not then do not buy this game because it has little to offer besides its building mechanics. Lastly I feel that this game would have such a larger player base if the devs had just waited a few months to get all of the bugs fixed. 9 out of 10 people who have stopped playing this game have stopped because of stupid bugs that could have been easily patched if the devs had waited to release the game. This game has alot of potential, I just hope that they player base will be consistent enough to encourage the devs to keep inporving this game."
,Recommended,487120,34021179,Posted: 4 August,all,DurtyTirtle,"Its like Skyrim and Ark:Survival Evolved had a baby, it has potential and is fun now."
,Recommended,487120,34021388,Posted: 4 August,all,sipherdidus,"I'm going to write a proper complaints vs. coolness post in general discussions later, but overall I think it's a good game with a great foundation to build a lot of content upon."
76561198272715900,Recommended,487120,34314881,Posted: 17 August,all,NyJL,"For an early access fantasy survival game. This contains a fair amount of content. I swear the devs add 12389712 patches everytime i go to play this.For the price, this is well worth the money, and can only get better with time.Keep the up damn fine work Devs !!"
76561198321738974,Recommended,487120,34523064,Posted: 27 August,all,McPimpledore,Good good but a lot of bugs
76561198026364461,Recommended,487120,34628913,Posted: 31 August,all,Elk,"The game is extremely lightweight and loads quickly. The building system is quick and efficient, and it feels like a game created by developers that really want to have a relaxed gaming environment.I look forward to some form of main quest line."
76561197970986704,Recommended,487120,34534181,Posted: 27 August,all,MrChowder,yes its early access but sooooooooooo much fun to play with friends. developer support has been amazing and they roll out weekly patches. get this game! its only getting better and better
,Recommended,487120,34021251,Posted: 4 August,all,B!zeK,"Gave me my harry potter fun, I liked it."
76561198043641041,Recommended,487120,34500138,Posted: 26 August,all,Doggie,"This game is really awesome, even though it's really buggy, but when i bought the game, i was playing it for a hole day, because i couldn't stop.The game is really fun if you like stuff, such as, Magic, overnatural stuff, base building, a little bit of survival, PVP, PVE and alot of other stuff.i would say it's worth the money, if you liked the things wrote above, because me and my friends did atleast."
,Recommended,487120,34021211,Posted: 4 August,all,█▄ █ ▀█▀,"I first hesitated to purchase this game when I first saw it because I haven't played this sort of game before. It is kinda like Rust since it has like PvP and base building, but I haven't played fantasy/MMO games before. There were also mixed reviews, so I was like eh, but I just said screw it, its $20 and it looks pretty fun.I wasn't disappointed. This has been one of the most fun games I've played. Before the first big patch came, the lag was horrendous, which was probably why there was so many bad reviews for the game, but they quickly fixed that issue. That being said, there are still many bugs and small issues with the game, but that's to be expected with an early access game. If you don't plan on buying this now (you should, it's amazing), you should later. With how often the developers release patches and fixes, the game will only get better from here on out.I think that the developers should think about adding a little bit more content (upgrade low tier spells, quests, etc.), listening to what the C:FWF community wants (they're already doing that. For example, Telekenisis was nerfed), and stringently finding and fixing small bugs.Very happy I bought this game, I highly reccomend this to anyone who likes Rust (but likes more of a less-toxic community), and to anyone who likes sandboxes in general."
76561198165836968,Not Recommended,487120,34518702,Posted: 26 August,all,elitetwin2,"This game has great promise if handled correctly, but in its current state I don't recommend buying it. Right now all you do is farm exp from killing creatures, build a base, and loot chests in small npc camps. It has an MMO style level up system which imo does not go well with its pvp. Combat is very basic and the AI is basic. The maps environment is lacking in diversity and uniqueness.I will update this review once the game is in a better state."
76561198041163174,Recommended,487120,34536125,Posted: 27 August,all,Kaveh,"For usual i don't write steam reviews but i really just wanted to say this game is worth trying!Yeah its laggy, buggy and some content is missing but even after 150h of playtime i still enjoy every bit of it.The devs are really active on the forums and listen to feedback. Theres still a long way to go but its getting better with every update!"
,Recommended,487120,34636697,Posted: 31 August,all,LookingForGroup,"It has issues but I really enjoy this game.Also the issues are being fixed quickly or at least improved with every patch.The art of this game is amazing. All creatures, structures (player or developer made) blend into th environment nicely. I like the color paletes they chose for the biomes.In terms of roleplaying-this game is almost perfect, the only thing thats missing right now is deeper character customization but thats probably not a priority because it lacks more gameplay content. PvP is okay and since the introduction or siege-specific spells low-lewel players dont get bullied as much as they used to.Once they add more PvE content, some social aspects such as player shops and proximity chat and some more things to do like farming and maybe better character customization its going to be a really good RPG MMO. The world really feels like LOTR and Harry Potter mix and I really enjoy it, just wish there was more things to do at this stage of the game too.Also forgot to mention basically perfect building system. The structure blending is amazing, you can build almost anything you want and it looks like it was placed there by the devs, really like it."
76561198000505981,Not Recommended,487120,33883431,Posted: 29 July,all,BTDubbs,"Do not buy now; build is very unstable. Wait until they've fixed some of the basic server issues.When you CAN play the game, it's pretty fun so far: much like Ark, but UI is a bit nicer looking (...but not performing) and of course magic and mythical things instead of dinosaurs. Not a lot to the knowledge trees yet but it's very promising. Assets look beautiful; graphics and animations can be a bit clunky but obviously a work in progress. Magic is fun to use and looks awesome."
,Recommended,487120,33897104,Posted: 29 July,all,FedLimid,This game can be great.Its great Now.But the Servers are the main issue.If the devolpment team stopped everything besides Optimization and Server Stability we would have the next Rust maybe even betterI want the team to know that I want to see Stable Servers that crash almost none of the time before I see new weapons added in because sure maybe adding bows would be great but its no fun if the server im on has 400 ping even if its a Official Server based in my region. So please you have something great and I know you just Launched and that can be very difficult but you need to fix the servers if you dont the game will maybe die.BTW Today was incredible we got 2 updates fixing the servers in a sort now i can rejoin servers that i have loot on unlike before. I played for hours today and I just have to say this is a great game but it wont stay that way if just keep adding new weapons armour and spells fix the servers trust me you will get a great response if you do so.
76561197992805753,Not Recommended,487120,34358994,Posted: 19 August,all,Echos,"The game shows alot of raw potential to be something great.Is it there now?No, after the initial ""cool im throwing magic at people"" wares off it shows how lack luster the game actually is.I'll probablly keep an eye on the game to see what changes take place before i reinstall. I do hope it works out."
,Not Recommended,487120,34377165,Posted: 20 August,all,Sammythemonkey,"Good fun for a short time, but is not at a stage yet where I would reccomend it. There is simply not enough substance to it yet. I am hopeful that the developers will continue to work on the game as it has brilliant potential."
,Not Recommended,487120,33889590,Posted: 29 July,all,Mr.Marbles,"online does not work good, the game is not what it looks like and the progress is extreamly slow and annoing after 10 minutes of gameplay."
76561198245073170,Not Recommended,487120,33899851,Posted: 30 July,all,ScrubbaDub,"Sadly, i cannot say this game was ready to be released for even alpha or beta, far to many bugs and glitches. If even possible that you can connect to a server without the fatal timeout error, you will spend your time lagging horribly just to get disconnected while drowning due to falling through the map. the concept is good and the UI is fantastic but out of my 8.9 hours played only about 5 of them were spent ingame the rest were spent trying to connect."
76561197971495024,Recommended,487120,34197353,Posted: 12 August,all,Vizeroy,"As an experienced ARK player, i've found this game to be quite interesting.It's currently in Early Access, so of course there are still a lot of bugs and server instabilities, but that is to be expected.It looks and handles like a survival game, but all the trivial tasks like eating, drinking and resting are removed so the player may focus on the more fun parts of the game. I really enjoy that decission.At first, the skillpoint distribution system might seem overwhelming but it doesn't take long to get the hang of it.The building system is quite intuitive and enables the player to create grand structures and castles with relative ease.Getting the materials to build is usually a boring and menial task, but also this part has been made relatively quick and easy to handle. Need wood? no problem, just point at that tree 50 meters away and use your extract spell!I've played around 20 hours at the time of writing this, and i fully expect to be investing hundreds, if not thousands more!I'm looking forward to seeing first hand the improvements and new additions to the game while it's being developed."
,Recommended,487120,33846655,Posted: 27 July,all,Evo,Reminds me of Harry Potter.
,Recommended,487120,34875702,Posted: 10 September,all,firesoul csgobounty.com,"i played the game for a while and was enjoying the frequent updates until the server i was playing in shut down, so i think after more things r added to the game i will play it again but on a pvp server. in all honesty the game is fun and i loved how much the developers were adding every week."
76561198039598810,Not Recommended,487120,34087397,Posted: 7 August,all,Brimstoned,"I'm sure I will eventually recommend this game, but as of now, probably half or more of the official servers just don't work. I had to change server when mine stopped working and had to lose everything. Tried a PvP server but of course it's full of lvl 40 ppl who got to use all the exploits before they were removed and they just go around destroying your base and taking your stuff, very discouraging. The second official server I started (which was a PvE)  just stopped working, so I decided to try a private server with 3x xp because i had leveled to 20 in 2 other servers already and really didn't want to grind all the way up again.. Spent probly 15 hours on that one, built a huge castle only to have the admin come in the next day and boot me and my friend because we're not part of their discord group... The server says all welcome in the title and doesnt tell you of the need to sign up. Other than the server problems and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ private server admins, this game is quite fun with lots of potential."
76561198039654946,Recommended,487120,34156456,Posted: 10 August,all,brandonkeykong,"This game is a diamond in the rough, but I'm giving it a recommended IF you are looking for a fun WIP sandbox for you and your friends to fight beasts and build shacks.What's good:- Graphics are quite nice- Flying is great (fun but utterly game-breaking without mana cost, useful but not as satisfying with mana cost)- Building is easy and intuitive- Map feels vast, great sense of explorationWhat's bad:- AI is horrendous- Optimization is an issue - I'm running low settings on a 970 and topping out at 40fps- Official servers would not connect for me- Price point is probably $10-15 too high for what this currently is.That said, I think it's a great design, tons of potential, and I want the dev to succeed. So I paid $25 for what is probably a $10 experience, and will recommend this to anyone that also believes in the design, wants this thing to succeed, and has enough money that an extra $10 is a safe bet to place on a bunch of strangers running an indie studio."
,Recommended,487120,34155454,Posted: 10 August,all,Tibrr,"After breaking the game in over the past few days, I think I have a solid grasp on my opinion of Citadel at this point.I'd like to preface this by saying if you are overally critical of games for performance, especially EA titles, give this one a pass.That being said, I've had a marvelous time with Citadel so far, and reccomend this game to anyone that has fantasized about becoming a wizard, and building elaborate castles. The systems are there, with crafting, potion making, flight, tameable creatures, the list goes on.The graphics are quite good in my opinion (especially for early access), and with all the sliders maxed at epic, there are many snapshot worthy views.Despite the short variety of spells at the moment, magic feels good, and the effects look nice. The progression has a satisfying feel to it as well, as crafting better armor, better weaponry, feels rewarding.Negatives for me come down to latency, framerates issues, AI, and a few bugs. Nothing gamebreaking, for me anyway.This game has an irresitable charm, and in my eyes, has heaps of potential. Once the little things are refined, and additional content has been added, this could be a top seller."
76561198289040307,Not Recommended,487120,34297581,Posted: 16 August,all,SlavicBloodWolf,"Couldn't get passed the loading screen without it crashing. Will rebuy if the game improves. From the gameplay ive seen it looks fun ( if you can get into the game) and seems to be promising. Im sure if the devs put some hard work into it, it'll be a fantastic game. For now tho, ill pass."
76561197988304909,Recommended,487120,33894258,Posted: 29 July,all,$un$et_157,"what you can expect from this game1.a lot of zone grass plain,snowy mountain,island,swamp,meteor cretor,undead wood,high mountain2.a lot of dungeon from underwater maze to dragon lair3.a lot of gear looted from dungeon,mob outpost even at some random place such as inside volcano4.leveling kinda easy you can level 1 to 15 in 30 minute with a proper high level friend help5.you can ride a dragon !!! unlike skyrim6.early game spell is pretty boring bu after lv 30 you will got a lot of choice to choose spell ps.choose spell wisely or else you gonna need to wait until lv 40 retat potion7. decent combat system with balanced damage8.a lot of dragon seriously at high lv zone you will encounter dragon every 30 second9.and of couse a lot of buglastly this game is more fun while playing with friend (cuz you can't choose all skill by yourself but you can still trade off with other player)"
,Recommended,487120,33851756,Posted: 28 July,all,Maxx_Powerbomb,"I have 1400 hours in Ark so I do enjoy these types of games and this one got my attention for sure.  Here are some pros of the game in my opinion.-Unreal graphics-I love flying and this game allows that in the first few hours (limited flight but still cool)-The building in this game is easy with things snapping easily into place-I like the combat since it involves launching fireballs and sh$t. Burn it down now!-With so may things tied to your mana bar, mana usage becomes a matter of strategy.-I can tame things without investing 10+hours into it-In my first 7 hours of gameplay no game crashes and steady 30+fps (I know 30+fps isn't that impressive but imho it's very playable)"
76561198041234932,Not Recommended,487120,33895684,Posted: 29 July,all,coolhats,"I have played this game 32 hours now and have mixed feelings about it. When this game was released it was amazing. The hype was everywhere and got many people to play. It looked great on epic graphics and I got a constant 60 fps. You could make bases, Pvp, different weapons, taming, the map is massive, and there is so much to do! As the day went by, we got more and more lag but it was something we could deal. The next day they updated the game and instantly it took much longer to load in with frames constantly 30> with frame drops to as low as 2 fps. It sucked but it was playable. The next couple updates came around claiming to fix this lag and everyone thought it would be perfect, but thats when we found the fatal error. My friends and I would try and play the game but when we would load into the server or even start up the game, an error proclaiming fatal error would appear. We could still load into the game after 3-5 attempts but it didn't end there...... Then came the triangle of fate, where this game went to fun to playable to unplayable. When you would play the game, you would either 1. get a fatal error starting up the game 2. get a fatal error when loading into a server or 3. lag out when you get into a game, sending you to the main menu or getting a fatal error.... I have not been able to get into a game ever since. With the most recent time it gives you more time until you lag out, where I logged in to someone in my base raiding it. I tried to do something but I lagged out and recieved a fatal error. Not only is all my time I have spent gone with my rss/base, but my enjoyment of the game. I really liked the game many weeks before it launched and even counted down the days before it came but it just isn't the same anymore. I would not suggest playing the game right now unless you want to be let down."
76561197995809078,Not Recommended,487120,34006043,Posted: 3 August,all,ZachE,Looks cool but wouldn't run for more than 10 minutes. Wait for it to be developed a little more.
,Not Recommended,487120,33876865,Posted: 29 July,all,Sackon,"Lack of servers and players, most servers lose connection almost immediately after joining, about 100+ ping for most servers (live in midwest USA), average about 20 fps with considerable drops to 15-10 fps spradically while running an i7 and gtx 970.Can't comment on the gameplay as I barely got to experience any of it before giving up trying and refunding, but it seemed like a grind fest where you have to constantly run back and forth between your base to store your inventory due to your extremely limited carrying capacity and the high requirements for crafting anything at all.Might be better in the future but I don't recommend it now, especially if you're looking to play with people and want a stable framerate."
,Recommended,487120,33890747,Posted: 29 July,all,✪ Zantx,Is in very early stages
,Not Recommended,487120,33921181,Posted: 30 July,all,D4RKeR4VEN,"Not a bad game and has a lot of potential, though has some things which need to be addressed as others have mentioned the telekenesis is way op and the turrets don't work leaving bases open to raiding with very little to no effort. This making PVP not fun at all. The loading and server issues are annoying, game crashes occasionally and server lags bad at times (Hopefully fixed in new updates). Have held back on recommending to friends until these issues are fixed. Most issues could be fixed with a little time and is good to see thatthe developers are doing something about it releasing updates very quickly to try and fix these issues. Overall I have enjoyed this games vibe as it is something fresh with the whole magic and fantasy aspect and creatures such as unicorns, dragons, giants and demon imps etc. But until they balance out the PVP and maybe make some of the big NPCs more challenging cannot fully recommend it as it stands. Maybe in a few months they will have it all fixed and balanced but have to wait and see. If so then this could be a great game and I would fully recommend it. It is a beautiful game visually and is fun to play if you like magic and exploring or solo adventure but until they fix clans,, turrets and PVP it is lacking in that area."
76561198069374301,Recommended,487120,33816681,Posted: 26 July,all,Breeki,As soon as i started this game it hit me in the feels. The nostalgia of a Oblivion like forest with the music is 100% there. I walk around picking up every single recource I can see. And just like good old elder scrolls oblivion I quickly become over encumbered. This game is really similar in styling to the older elder scrolls game which I love but also tons of similarities to games like rust and ark. It wasn't buggy or crashing for me but it was still occasionally lagging depending where i looked and frames occasionally dipped to 20fps. A wee bit of optimisation and this game is gold. For now I will live in my little house killing local orcs and eating mushrooms. Can't wait to start flying!UPDATE: Built a manor with tons of stuff. Turned off Anti Aliasing in the %appdata% Files and now dips only to 30fps and has a decently stable 50fps.PC specs: i7 4790k 4.2GHZGefore 960 FTW edition16GB DDR3 RAM
76561198079032635,Recommended,487120,34127483,Posted: 9 August,all,Silverbane,Very promising early access game. and ive played allot of them. but these devs seem to be really commited to making this game work and are doing a good too in my opinion. its been out 2 weeks and we already got 2 content patches and a dozen hotfixes. so for those people that want a  survival game that is less toxic then lets say rust or h1z1 this is the game for you.
76561198031795125,Not Recommended,487120,33891867,Posted: 29 July,all,Vivec,"A very promising game.  Although I refunded it, I'll definitely be picking it up again in the future.I can't recommend it right now in it's current state (7/29/2017) because of poor optimization.  Low FPS even with a high-end computer (1080, current gen i7, 16GB Ram, etc), sluggish camera movement, and bad FPS drops.If they fix this I'll definitely change my review to recommended, as all of the content in the game is extremely fun."
,Not Recommended,487120,33869937,Posted: 28 July,all,123,"After putting a few hours into this, there just isn't enough depth to anything to recommend it at the moment.  The bare bones are there, and I'm looking forward to its future, but there's not much else compelling.The terrain is boring - think Skyrim without any hints of civilization.  There is no endgame whatsoever.  Making buildings is pointless as they can be erased to nothing by a persistent enemy in about 5 minutes (I just completely erased about 6 people, using a total of 7 axes).  The AI elements are buggy and dumb.  It seems very little thought was put into the game mechanics from a design or technical standpoint.But, like I said, the bare bones are there for something compelling later - it just isn't there yet."
,Recommended,487120,34212034,Posted: 13 August,all,Steven,"Citadel: Forged with Fire,This game is EARLY Access. This means that you are able to play this game while it is still in development.It also means that the game is not nearly finished. However you get the oppertunity to play this game for a relative low price and you can experience the changes/bugfixes/ etc of one of the first people who play here.My impression:The game looks fantastic, the theme concept is amezing and unique, You play as an wizard with different types of weapons. you can build yourself a castle and place defensive structures, You can fly Dragons and mount fire unicorns.Team up and rule the servers  or go rogue solo and become a master wizard while everyone is bussy fighting each other.Of course this game is not finished and there are bug, there are changes to die while it is not you who died in combat, of course you lose gear, materials, homes, etc. But it is still a PVP game. If you cannot handle all does bugs, people, wasting time, Just play a game what is full released and don't bother getting a game what is not official full released yet.My conclusion on the hand of how active the game develops.Then i only can say to does who read this, Its amezing. And keep in mind that you could not bike directly when you got on one. its is a learning progress and a matter of not giving up. If you fall just stand up and try again. if you die in the game, so what get yourself togheter and try again.The game get interesting when you level up. the higher your level is the more you can do!"
76561198147147936,Not Recommended,487120,33892576,Posted: 29 July,all,PC Principal,"Bought the game because I heard plenty of great things about it.Joined a server, crashed in character creation.Tried to join the server again, crashed.Okay... one more time, crashed.They released a patch today which was meant to fix this, but now after confirming your created character, nothing happens. Just sits there.Will change review when this is fixed."
76561198120529718,Recommended,487120,34199048,Posted: 12 August,all,[TMN] Iron E,Great game to play with friedns. I recommend this game to everybody. Buy this game you will not regret it!!!
,Not Recommended,487120,33889736,Posted: 29 July,all,Lukas,"Wait until it is abit closer to being finished.I know its Alpha and it can not be perfect. but theres a point were its probably better waiting a little longer other than trowing your hard earned money at it.""but Lukas the money helps the devs make the game""Same with all the other early access games. Half of witch are abandoned.Wait until there is abit more of a foundation is all im saying."
76561198052286808,Not Recommended,487120,33877168,Posted: 29 July,all,Artus Shelby V Rubicon Clown,"I liked the game for the first 6 hours. After that me and a many other players had no chance to connect to the servers. We worked it out withe the devs and waited for a fix but nothing happened for 2 days. Next patch was coming and no fix for the ""server not responding"" problem. Instead there are new ingame items included. Nice priority settings from the devs."
76561198033847635,Not Recommended,487120,33967940,Posted: 2 August,all,DBNMS,Cool trailer. Doesnt look like the trailer.Poorly optimized wich is to be expected here..Hitboxes are bad. The ai is bad.Spell effects looks boring and severely outdated for now.Cool open world with lots of places to explore. Not much varietey of enemies/ai/creatures if you come from an ark survival title. Buggy as h. For now i'd say wait. Unless you absolutely have to try those fu*k*ng brooms then welcome to the club.It does have some really nice things comming with it Like rounded bulding blocks for once (thank god finally) And an unlockable fast travel system to qucikly get to those precious resources.Would like alot more player customization too but who knows it might get in too.
76561197968551059,Not Recommended,487120,33899010,Posted: 30 July,all,Strider,I liked the game as far is goes. Concept of the game is uniqe with good graphics. I will also liked to point out really great soundtrack they made  in the game.Now Gameplay - it buggy. Also it is time consuming to lvl in this game. You spend alot of time building and lvlving but after that  some servers are not on the list or world restarts and you need to strat all over again (That is for me the worst thing in this  game).  I also dont know if radeon cards are not supported or something- But graphic seem like it is double exsposed- strange colors and blury world.  Fps is  falling bellow zero in some places. Norm. around 20-40 range. For me bettwen 10-30 fps. BAD preformnece. YOu get alot of connection erros( lag). Also -  you cant jojn major servers like EU servers- i was trying to connect to it several times but it trows me on the main menu.Its pitty that they relesed the game in such state. Still alot of work has to be done to make it perfect. I do not recommend it in this state. You need to sit out if you want a game wich work as it should. If you want to support the dev. by buying in right now -Do it!. This game has alot of potential.
,Recommended,487120,34156366,Posted: 10 August,all,Sinister_Being,"Great game with great potential. This is a must have have for $20.00, way better than dark and light and the developers are always updating the game."
76561197986715648,Not Recommended,487120,34139803,Posted: 9 August,all,KaossoaK,"In it's current state, I cannot recommend this game. Give it 6 months or so and check back. IMO, it was released too early. I just recently found out after finally taming my first dragon that dragons were nerfed hard because of PvP related issues, so it ruined my single player experience. My level 42 fire dragon cannot kill a level 10 deer. Frames per second moves between 15 and 30 depending on what I am looking at. The most valuable lootable item in the game right now are mana potions. Items dropped from monsters don't have states besides defense and damage, same with crafted items. The building system is the only thing that does not really seem broken. If you enjoy building houses/castles, you might get enjoyment from this, but the combat is really stale. Also, just recently, Telekinesis that is shown in the videos has been nerfed because of PvP related issues. That really is too bad, it could have been a fun spell.I am certain this game will get better, as it is early access, but this game should have been left in the oven longer. I will check back in 6 months or so to see how the progress goes."
,Recommended,487120,33826153,Posted: 27 July,all,Havoc,"Enjoying it thouroughly with a group of fellows I met! A few issues the during few hours, but apart from that, solid EA experience."
76561198147733314,Recommended,487120,33825926,Posted: 27 July,all,Tharra7,"Really fun game and is really good for an early access game. Only things that really bug me are the characters need fixed to be slightly better looking in movements and such, and that they fix the server loading issues but other than that I look forward to any additional content they may release.Cant wait for it to be finished, I see allot of potential :)"
76561198338504873,Recommended,487120,33942322,Posted: 31 July,all,™☣✠24/☠CHuBB|ИZ✠☣,"CITIDEL MIXED REVIEWS = TRASH.... but prob because of server restart without  warning (NOT WIPE ) and beacuse menu when lookeing for server is glitchy.... some character and movement animations funky no wall climbing or grapling just simply jump or fly..... but the game is so pretty mysterious and extremely huge world of crafting,  Gathering, PvE/ PvP as building is so well done, you dont want to stop. some AI lil stiff but overal and amazing early accsess i would highly recommeend keeping your eye on if you think this might be a game you would play,  its bastaltuley stunning breathtaking and despite what mixed reviews may say, this is only the begging of something greater then we could have imagined. Game to Watch? sure, Game To play? and forge with the devs? A MUST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This will be better than Ark, Rust, BDO, Dayz...etc Build, Craft, Choose your path in the skills and abilitys, Form alliances, Battle on another or take on the NPC armys and creatures.If the Devs stay active keep up with content and listen to the community, best $$$$ spent on an EarlyAccess game. To date. (+Escape From Tarkov <3 )"
76561198006577720,Recommended,487120,33973983,Posted: 2 August,all,Dakor,Don't listen to the bad reviews.  I have started over a few times trying to find the right server pop.  THIS GAME IS A BLAST.  There are some server issues but those will be solved in time.  10/10 for the first week in this game.
76561198141030708,Recommended,487120,33974943,Posted: 2 August,all,Coool Captain,"This is honestly a great game. Yes early access has its issues give the term EA. Yet it is still great and fun. Way more to it then meets the eye. Very indepth play, crafting, things to do. Combat does need work especailly for UI but love it none the less."
76561198095714003,Recommended,487120,34030772,Posted: 4 August,all,vG.KellDrago🎮,"great game, and fun too! cant wait for more content!"
,Not Recommended,487120,33978506,Posted: 2 August,all,Nine,"Tried it, got bored after 5 minutes, deleted & Refunded. Another boring survival game. At least, it doesn't scratch the survival itch I'm trying to scartch. Plus takes like 10 minutes to load single player"
,Recommended,487120,33839669,Posted: 27 July,all,SinnyOG,"One of best early access games I have played. Not to say it isnt buggy, but I am enjoying my time with it 110%. Its like ark, with magic."
,Recommended,487120,34009046,Posted: 3 August,all,Crazyplum,Loving this game. Still a lot to come. but so far really enjoying it~!
,Not Recommended,487120,33941664,Posted: 31 July,all,Fractal,"Not even half a game.  Should either be $10, or should have been worked on and turned into an actual game first.  Cool concept, piece of crap so far.  I'm tired of these companies chargind $30+ for tech demos.  The ONLY way this will be even remotely forgivable is if the devs actually SLAY the roadmap and pull a FacePunch with epic constant updates.I'm rooting for this team but if they don't deliver it will be another robbery.Come back in a year or two before you spend more than $10 on this.  Citadel has a long road ahead of it."
,Recommended,487120,33953235,Posted: 1 August,all,Komondor,"Great game, tad grindy but when coming from other survival game background nothing new."
76561198126956203,Not Recommended,487120,34098010,Posted: 8 August,all,Alodylis,Really gota say i didnt get far but i was turned off right away concepts were really cool but for me the gameplay is lacking
76561198052656357,Not Recommended,487120,34031759,Posted: 4 August,all,Vidarr,"Get ready for crashes! Crashes on startup, crashes on joining a server, crashes once you load into the server, crashes when you load in more terrain. Wanna run up and smack an enemy with your axe? Get ready for a brief freeze wherein the enemy gets a couple free hits on you! Falling off the side of a huge mountain? Who cares! There's fall damage but the terrain is so poorly designed you'll rarely get hit with it. Don't kill any monsters on the side of a slope if you want to be able to loot their corpse because they'll phase right into it. Every enemy no matter how big runs faster than you and some like to start fights then simply run away from you. Real fun. Best part is when the huge giant or forest guardian is chasing behind you and its dead silent. What? Too cheap to add footstep sound effects?There is minimal options for character customization. You can't rotate your character in the creation screen or zoom in and the lighting is AWFUL. Wondering how your character would look like with Green eyes? Don't bother, both eyes are completely glossed over with black anyway. For men there is Head type, 4 options. Facial structure is linked what kind of hair style you get. Want long hair with a different chin? TOO BAD. Men then can choose a beard, again 4 options. Now you can change your hair color, skin tone, nail color(????) and eye color. And that's it. For women you have head type, but this doesn't change your hair this time. Again 4 options and they're all unattractive.Then you have your hair style, 4 options. Want to see what the hair looks like from behind? No chance. Then you get the same color options as men.Crafting system is shallow and boring. Interface is clunky and awful. The level banding is ridiculous with high level monsters within a few minutes walk of the safe zones for new players. Enemy variety is minimal and there is no real difference between most of them. Giant=Forest Guardian. Boar=Wolf=Bear=Orc=Sprite. They all use melee attacks and do nothing interesting, they just look different. (except the orcs with crossbows who just run away from you and are much faster than you. Having fun yet?)Don't put your respawn stone too close to other objects! You might end up respawned inside of one while you lose the chance to get your loot back. There is no commands I could find to get yourself unstuck.You can get different spells but only two can be bound on a weapon at any given time. You can switch between 1 other weapon bringing your total up to 4 spells. If you are out of mana tho and need to melee you have to use the v key which is very awkward in combat. Your second weapon will be relegated to support spells anyway. The different spells are mostly the same thing just with a different color/look. The cast animations are stiff, ugly and choppy.You can get things like mana and health stones that you can put in your base. Know what fuels these stones? MANA. I HAVE TO FEED MY MANA STONE MANA... SO IT CAN GIVE ME SOME MANA. *insert gif of guy's head exploding*Placing building tiles is horrendous. Nothing ever goes where you want it, items don't like to rotate and navigating the menus is blech. Trying to delete a piece you misplaced? Make sure you are pointed PRECISELY at the piece you want to delete because there is no clear indication of what you are about to destroy. You're really too cheap to make a piece light up when the player hovers over it under delete mode?I'll give the leveling up system SOME credit. IMO it's faults are that basic stuff, like forges, Workbenches, etc need to be unlocked. More powerful versions I could see having to spend points on but every player should get basic access to these. Not to mention storage chests which also need to be unlocked and you need to be a certain level before you can even spend the points to unlock the storage. The strengths of the leveling/unlocking system are that you customize your character pretty well and there's usually something to look forward to when leveling. A goal to strive for and a shiny new toy at the end of it.TLDR: The game loses its novelty quickly. The concept is good, take gameplay, resource collecting and crafting from other games and put it in a fantasy setting with magic fireballs and such. Should be easy money right? Well sadly it looks like so far it has been for the developers. This should have never been allowed to get on the Steam Store. This is a game that has been barely started and then chucked into ""Early Access"" for some quick and easy free monies. I wouldn't buy this in its current state for a dollar. Take your money and save it. Trust me it's worth waiting a few months(or longer, who knows?) to see if this steaming turd morphs into a beautiful butterfly or remains a smelly cash grab."
,Recommended,487120,34163927,Posted: 11 August,all,Kvanzik,It's a kind of magic
,Not Recommended,487120,34352875,Posted: 19 August,all,Shinobi Kitten,"I've played early access games before and i gotta say, this one is not so great. The videos make the graphics look so pretty and smooth! But once you get into the game, everything is extremely laggy to the point that you almost can't move (no matter where your graphics are set to) and even when theyre set to 'epic', they look pretty crappy and things in nature definitely aren't as defined as the videos. I could get past all this, though, if i could figure out what the hell there even is to do. I spent my time crafting my first weapon and crafting HP/SP pots because after literally killing any enemy, i was nearly dead and had to drink an sp or hp pot both to regen everything. So, most of my time was spent collecting plants, killing what came near me while i was collecting plants, using ALL the plants i just collected to heal and get my sp back, rinse and repeat. I encountered a boar, a bear, numerous elk, 1 blood orc, and 1 faerie-type creature. thats it. nothing else. couldn't find anything else. and exp gain is ridiculously slow. you gain exp for everything you collect, everything you kill, everything you craft but in such small amounts its hardly even noticable. I only made it to lvl 4 before i got tired of wasting my time and you can only make the 1st tier in every coloumn of craftable items until lvl 10. it just seems really complicated and time consuming for literally no reward and its not fun., maybe with a tutorial (more than the stones that say how to open your inventory and your crafting panel - thats pretty self explainatory info) it could be more enjoyable but this game has no point, no purpose, requires too much xp to do anything without an easy nor quick way to obtain it. i wouldn't recommend you waste your time nor money trying it right now. truthfully, i read the other negative comments myself and decided ""eh, what the heck? the videos look gorgeous and it seems fun. i'll give it a try, these neg reviews probably just dont play early access ever"". well they were right - this isn't worth it right now and is really expensive considering just how crappy it is. $15 max price point is what this is worth, but closer to $10 if i stop being nice :P"
,Recommended,487120,34103934,Posted: 8 August,all,Gritteh,"Absolutely amazing. My personal favourite online game I've ever played. It started out pretty buggy on first EA release, however they patch and update the game at a ridiculous pace, and within days sorted out soooo many things making the game 100x better. Right now this game is in a fantastic state, and I can't get enough.Also being a developer, I commend Blue Isle Studios for doing such a great job for their first game of this magnitude."
76561198033319514,Recommended,487120,34006452,Posted: 3 August,all,dr.willsnow,"This game is tons of fun from the first levels onward. Amazing building system, fun and fast paced resource gathering system, and a combat system that all magic lovers well... will love.  Great game that you can tell the devs care about so it is only going to get even better!"
,Recommended,487120,34005797,Posted: 3 August,all,Fiv3,"No long reviews, no crazy comments about whats broke, or my opinion on what needs to change.  Its an EA sandbox game thats pretty fun, has a great build kit from the get go, and is fantasy based.  I'm just thankful its not another zombie or dinosaur survival grindfest.  As with all EA games, if you like it, have fun, if not, there is a library of thousands within reach of your keyboard."
76561198013914593,Recommended,487120,34335695,Posted: 18 August,all,Darknoble,"I was gona wait to give this game a review but seems like the devs are adding much in such a small space of time..that it warrents a review now.I think the game has great potential in being both a builder fort game with pve elements in and optional pvp world.It centers on a mage universe with selective spell choices in a skill tree. The also offers the abilty to train any and all monsters and wild life as pets if you have the skill and level and even ride horses and fly on the back of dragons.If you feel like the  ""mind craft type of player create a toon on the pve server and no player can come burn down your castle...if you choose. But if you are like me that want all the elements of dangers from monsters to monster players the pvp server would be right for you. The game still has many bugs and still needs lots of additions to the world but what they currnetly have to offer in its current state will keep you busy for hours. There are still server and lagg issues trying to be flushed out so I reccommend lowering the game settings in graphics till they perfect this..."
,Recommended,487120,34336845,Posted: 18 August,all,Titchy Grenn,"For an early access game it did have a rough start but many things they smoothed out, content is brought in every 3 to 4 days and along with is major fixs to servers or the UI to improve the game overall."
,Recommended,487120,33844462,Posted: 27 July,all,Mr Retro,So far I am having a great time with the game. Got me a little base going already in the short time I have played so everything is easy to understand and fun to execute
,Not Recommended,487120,34382098,Posted: 20 August,all,Gagre,"the game has a lot of potential but there are a few problems. For example the PvE is very boring, all you have to do is hold down m1 or m2. when you first start the game it automatically sets the game to max settings which made the game nearly unplayable for me. The one problem that really breaks the deal for me is that it is very poorly rendered, while playing the game my computer has trouble reaching even 30fps at the lowest settings. Finally the loading screens are insanely long. It takes me about 5 to 10 minutes to load into a game that i am hosting. Like i said, this game has huge potential, and with some work i think the developers can make this into a great game."
,Recommended,487120,34099443,Posted: 8 August,all,Shellbullets,"Yeah I know what you're thinking. Another Early Access game...WELL YOURE RIGHT!But it's still fun, and still has more potential then half the EA bologna that comes out of this place.I'd go into detail but it's 2:30AM and I just took a hit so my eyes are getting heavy.But you know what else is heavy?Nothing.Because in this game you can ride a mother ♥♥♥♥ing broomstick and be Harry Potter. Then you canturn around and take a dragon. Now you're Harry Potter in Lord of The Rings. Everyone's dream.Don't sleep on this one friends. It's a solid $20 that I can see going a long way."
,Recommended,487120,33844827,Posted: 27 July,all,Jonttu,Its like Rust and Skyrim.This game have so much potential!
,Recommended,487120,34252528,Posted: 15 August,all,Hiijinx,"One of the better EA games which I have had the pleasure to play.Finally an online survival RPG which I can play privately with a friend and actually have stuff to do since the enemy AI is a challenge enough to be fun and not overly repetative so don't have to reply on dealing with other players and the innevitable griefing.I love the fact it is just 1 large map and not several small zones which I usually prefer, but this game just seems to suit it so much better. You start off in the ""gentle"" area and the further north you go you quickly learn just how vulnerable you are.""Dungeons"" are not instances with loading times but rather just persisent cave tunnels underground (like The Forest) so is nice and seemless and doesn't break immersion.Its been called the Skyrim/Rust baby but if I had to liken it with another game I suppose it would be a bit like Risen with elements of EQ2 and base building.  There is a MMO grind feel to it sometimes but since just about everything you do gains XP, isnt really an issue.You can ""tame"" beats similiar to Ark and ride them but also have the ability to have them as simple followers similar to Everquest 2's Coercer.Skills are layed out in a pleasing unlock tree and are fun enough to actually look forward to getting them.Survival (at the moment at least) does not involve food/water which is actually a nice change - you can enjoy focusing on progression and not dying from starvation every 30 minutes.Updates have been very frequent and I can see this game becoming quite the trendsetter in the future."
76561198134832035,Not Recommended,487120,34048846,Posted: 5 August,all,Lucifer,controls to limited also very laggy have to keep restarting also there is the problem of getting glitched in between the enviorment such as trees and rocks once this happens you pretty much have to start over  playing if on single player
76561198029495186,Not Recommended,487120,34070472,Posted: 6 August,all,Four Winds,"May I firstly say that I enjoy this game, the concept is great,  it provides a wonderful combination of building, gathering and combat. Now here's the but, the servers are just too unreliable and slow. Trying to log on in order to add a second floor to my wooden castle has just proved to be too frustrating. For two days now I have been unable to access my server of choice and when accessing a second server the network was so slow it prevented me from enjoying the game.  I would heartily recommend buying this game but only when the server issues have been sorted, for now wait!"
76561198104484059,Recommended,487120,33836759,Posted: 27 July,all,Burakan,Its a very good game but needs something. Should solve ping and optimization problem then it will be perfect and will be sell too much .Sorry for grammar mistakes.Please answer me back :P
,Recommended,487120,33817833,Posted: 26 July,all,Graylight,"Skyrim / Harry Potter / wizard-Ark. I mean that in the best way. Beta performance was bad but launch performance is really, really smooth. They have LOTS of servers available, including PVP and PVE so that people have that choice right off the bat. The world is very pretty and gameplay very smooth. Only gripes I have for now are the really derpy AI and some finicky construction of buildings.Overall, really solid game right out of the gate."
,Recommended,487120,34791045,Posted: 7 September,all,Oven,"Feels like a multiplayer skyrim, me and my buddies love it. That said its got a very low player base which is dissapointing :/"
,Recommended,487120,34802616,Posted: 7 September,all,Bland Watermelon,It has great potential and can become a really good survival game as long as the devs focus on the survival and pvp aspect but as of right now it  seems the devs care more about the building rather than the survival.
76561198079182151,Recommended,487120,34815424,Posted: 8 September,all,TischMiauMiau,I like this game. Although some features still need to be improved.
,Recommended,487120,34765126,Posted: 5 September,all,Hikaze,"A good start for a alpha game, I know there has been alot of hate for this game and yes there are alot of bugs, mistakes and things that could be improved, as long as the developers acknowledge this, we can get past it. There are alot of suggestions on how they fix or improve the game, I have some as well which I would be glad to share, I suggest starting there. Now, on the reason why I love this game even if it is bad in it's current state, there are alot of games that try to hit this genre of game. It has a sort of skyrim feeling, of course big differences but at it's core it is a good concept. I want to see this game develope and change, and as soon as it is improved completely like AAA and optimized I would love to see it as a VR game, it would be awesome. The overall negative side of reviews is completely out of preportions, like all games, there are improvements and changes needed, the measurement of a good game is how, when, and why the devs fix and polish it. I'm eagerly awaiting the future of this game and I will be here if you guys need help. Hit me up for bug testing and trouble shooting."
,Recommended,487120,34765905,Posted: 5 September,all,Bha!,Game is still EA but the basics are in and they are promising. Actually it lacks content and some mechanics like enemy AI should be improved.If you are on the fence about buying it just hold it a bit longer but keep an eye on it as this game may turn into something good.
,Recommended,487120,34846200,Posted: 9 September,all,GreenLegend,Great Game! At least one patch a week with new content and/or bug fixxes. Fun to play with friends. 8/10 so far.
76561197999322823,Recommended,487120,34793978,Posted: 7 September,all,Bilb Ono,"This game is amazing, but is horribly optimized. The Devs keep adding content in updates, but they seriously lack in optimization and fixing game breaking bugs. I barley would suggest buying it."
76561198044924739,Recommended,487120,34869510,Posted: 10 September,all,UncivilHades,"To be fair this game still has quiet abit of work before it can be enjoyed by a wider base. If you walk in with early access in mind and think of it as rust and Harry Potter had a love child then yer good. Yes its a bit grindy, and it could do with some optimization but again ""early access"". It can be very fun at times when you find a sever with atleast some population or you have a few friends to join ( especially for pvp) but in general the game has alot of potential if it can stand the STEAM litmus test of the brutal honesty of the comunity."
76561198100642013,Recommended,487120,34765689,Posted: 5 September,all,BlackTooth,"wicked game, if the AI were a little smarter and there were world bosses , quests or raid type things it would be even better."
,Recommended,487120,34767817,Posted: 5 September,all,HolyAvengerOne,"Early game, so the usual placeholders and bugs to be expected. When you get past that, you can see how much potential the design of this game has. The design is efficient and the client is rather lean and runs well. A few neat ideas and a good settings if you're into medieval sorcery wars!I'll be watching this one closely in the upcoming months :) Keep it up, devs!"
76561198272531827,Not Recommended,487120,33914396,Posted: 30 July,all,angels.died,"1. Cant find server I was playing due to the amount of servers that flush in ur tab of choices.2. Once you tame be ready to track the time because it is time based. Feels like when u win an amazing mount and is 30 days >.<3. Can only place one throne (what makes your build YOURS) So one build per map Yay! >.> without placing throne build will decay... Yes... decay in a matter of hrs.So if you want a game where u can build all over the world, have many mounts, and in the server of your choosing. So far this aint the game for you."
,Not Recommended,487120,34020435,Posted: 4 August,all,GiftedGloryhole,"Since this game only released a couple of days ago, I'd recommend waiting for this game to update a bit more before buying it.This game is extremely fun early on, but there's still some work that needs to be done to make it absolutely amazing overall. The servers need a bit more stabilizing. And for such a huge map, there aren't that many player slots. Also, this game really needs more content to keep it interesting, like dungeons, quests and possibly even more spells.Once these are addressed, then I'll change my stance on recommending this game to everyone. But for now, just wait for it to improve with future updates."
76561198017206006,Not Recommended,487120,34120071,Posted: 9 August,all,Mr.BlackFace,"If you like to not play because the servers are always down, then buy this game. I played on CitadelUSWest 14 and now it's never up. So I switched to CitadelUSWest3, put 40hrs into it and now it is down 90% of the day."
,Recommended,487120,34140165,Posted: 9 August,all,Babbitron,"I really like the game, and for begin early acces it is amazing! Every wednesday they patch the game on bugs and stuff the community asks.I really really enjoy the game and reccomend it to anyone who play RPG games."
,Recommended,487120,34062575,Posted: 6 August,all,Donald Duck,Good game but why use Unreal Engine its♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,487120,33834781,Posted: 27 July,all,Anggaraxz,Ark + Rust + MMORPG MAGIC +  HARRY POTTER! u wont regret it buying this. trust me
,Recommended,487120,33854106,Posted: 28 July,all,Isura,I Really falling into this game right now.. but in this state it's a bit lack of optimization (Yeah it's early access though) ..i got 20 fps in all settings on RX 470 .. Just hoping there will be some fast development that made it be more enjoyable.. :3
76561198044723642,Recommended,487120,33856066,Posted: 28 July,all,_Schwifty_,Great game
76561198151563189,Not Recommended,487120,33884036,Posted: 29 July,all,Bkresge23,soo bought the game and havent been able to play it at all... keeps bringing me to main menu every time i join a server. so untill the problem is solved i would just wait to get the game
76561198036901922,Not Recommended,487120,35035698,Posted: 17 September,all,jgarrett84,"This game has great potential, however it failed to captivate me with in the allotted 2 hours game play time required for return. I played on my own server and bumped up the XP multiplier to get my character to level up faster and 91 mins into the game it still lacked the addictive nature I was after. There were also problems with the graphics when the sun was out. I have not had good experiences with these starter games, so as a note of recommendation if they do not engage you after the first hour of game play please return them."
,Recommended,487120,33847274,Posted: 27 July,all,Hokage,LOVE IT F ME DADDY
,Recommended,487120,33872239,Posted: 28 July,all,betterex,"So I'd like to start with I played the beta and had a ton of fun in it, and then when the game finally released work decided ""Oh hey you asked for overtime 7 months ago right? Well here ya go - work"" luckily I did get to build a base, and have it look all nice and clean just to come back after gathering some more to see some dude Lifting my whole base off the ground and just *poof* That nice looking base got some good airtime by Gandalf teaming with Harryfrickenpotter, thanks guys, it only took me an hour of grinding for that base but it did look amazing floating for a good second!"
,Not Recommended,487120,33910600,Posted: 30 July,all,Taruukl,I have only been able to play on 2 different servers all other servers are impossible to join because character creation doesnt work 90% of the time
76561198407974639,Recommended,487120,33910847,Posted: 30 July,all,j.b.banthorpe,"fun game, but horrible server and connectiong problems. have set up a few characters now looking for a decent server but i dont think theres such a thing. playing on your own server is ok but obviously better to play with people..."
,Recommended,487120,33883399,Posted: 29 July,all,Super Mario,Cinematic 24fps: The Game
,Recommended,487120,33945681,Posted: 1 August,all,SpawnOfPawn,"Alot of people forget its an early access title.They experience something that ruins thier day then refund and slam it with negative reviews. If we ware to rate games on emotions, well then im in love with this and the potential it has.There are ALOT of bugs, but you can play around most of them. Some can be very frustrating like taming your third black dragon only to have it stuck in the mountain like a retard. Farming and the pets inventory bugs out, the infamous telekenisis, etc. These things cause alot of pain and we suffer, however, its an EARLY ACCESS title. My hope in the game is that they will fix these thigns and I will enjoy the game even more so.People should not be able to ask for refunds on early access titles. They act as if this is the final version, its not.The game play for something this early I astounding. I have over 100 hours since release, I just cant get enough.Again there are alot of bugs, but if you are patient and mindful that its an EARLY ACCESS title; then you should enjoy it along side its development.try it out, you wont be sorry."
76561198016937783,Not Recommended,487120,33910699,Posted: 30 July,all,CrazyCathy,Game is a disaster. Clunky  piece of crap. Can't even get a refund since I spend over two hours of game play dealing with loading screens and fatal errors.
76561198074317753,Recommended,487120,33948814,Posted: 1 August,all,[ADVENT] Dr. Kenzo Tenma,"Review: Game is Great and is a work in progress,devs are working hard to release patches on fixes before content. NOW ASIDE FROM THAT DO NOT LISTEN TO THE 12 YR OLDS THAT BOUGHT THIS GAME ON RELEASE THINKING THEIR TITAN X IS GUNNA RUN 1000 FRAMES , seriously dont listen to the negative reviewers some people just want to sound col its annoying."
,Recommended,487120,35062216,Posted: 19 September,all,Big Daddy,"Okay I'll keep this short and sweet, I really enjoy playing Citadel and get a lot out of my time in it.LikeThe building system is great, no gaps in walls like you get in ark, all pieces fit nicely and snap easily.You can build castles and I haven't been raided since starting (yay) and I'm on a pvp server.Takes a while to build up the magic to raid so you don't get idiots joining a server to just raid only guys that have been building up for a while will do it.  Hard for greifers.DislikeA bit new and buggy especially the log in start.A bit hard to play for lower end PC's, I haven't noticed any issues but my lappy is new MSI.I think this game is early days however still recommend it as it's a lot of fun for me."
,Recommended,487120,33843139,Posted: 27 July,all,TheGoliath,"This game has been done well for an early access game. Quite polished and optimised overall, a lot of fun by yourself or with friends, decent amount to do as well as being its own game. As you get to higher levels you unlock more things and want to do a lot more like taming giants and tree ents (forest guardians) and work towards better spells too.The biggest issue is the server lag and resets (not wipes) to fix what is probably a memory leak issue. But the devs are very active and listen to feedback, so issues will be fixed soon and the game will keep becoming even better.Well worth the price tag either early release sale or the $24.99."
76561197971480178,Recommended,487120,33843368,Posted: 27 July,all,DEVILS CANNON,"Fantastic Fun So Far!! Ive played many early access games (including ARK which this game pays tribute to rather heavily) and this is by far one of the most polished early release Ive played. I mean I was able to hit above 60fps on average on EPIC settings! Something I did not expect from an early access game (if anyone recalls Arks horrible frame issues when it was released I have yet to encounter anything like it. The game is gorgeous and takes full advantage of Unreal Engine 4 so if you have a nice rig you will reap the benefits.  Definitley not without its bugs but the developers seem to be quick to put out patches so far. If you like Ark, Skyrim and Harry Potter, this game crams them all into one. Definitley looking forward to seeing how the game developes over time but for now Im enjoying the refreshing new take that it has brought with it.Quick note: the people experiencing server problems MAY have run into an issue while the game was down for maintenance."
,Recommended,487120,33843557,Posted: 27 July,all,RadiationZone,"i just typed a whole long 'essay' on how good this game is, but i clicked away and went back real fast and it deleted all i had to say.but this game is really good, with or without friendsonly real problem is a minor graphical glitch thats it, no problem with joining a server like others are saying...if you meet the min requirements you still can get easy 40 fps on 1080pMy friend has a geforce 940m, i think it is worse than the minimum requirements in this game, he said it is smooth and not choppy.just keep in mind it is early access and hey they are working hard because i have had 3 updates since the game came out.Hope to see y'all in this game!!!"
76561197993233230,Recommended,487120,33923049,Posted: 31 July,all,[OV] TheJayde,"This game looks good so far. There are some things that aren't simple if you've played ark, but that's no fault of the game. That's me messing up based on other bad games. There are exploiters at the moment, but the game is hist straight up fun so far."
,Recommended,487120,33843634,Posted: 27 July,all,[ATP]Cocktail,"The game is pretty fun so far. A mix of rust and Skyrim yet a better first impression than either. Biggest downfalls are all the graphical anamolies youre gonna find that really ruin what is otherwise a pretty game.The AI is also in need of dire improvement. There hasn't been a monster yet that didn't just stand there (or maybe hit me once) before falling over.A lot of potential for an EA game, will be fun to see it develop more."
76561198063914544,Not Recommended,487120,33884122,Posted: 29 July,all,Comender Meme,"A lot of people are saying it's not crashing for them, the game has crashed 3 times in 20 minutes for me, the game runs at just over 30fps at every variation of settings I try, every server I've tried suffers massive horrible lag, I can't even tell if the actual game is good because I can't play it."
76561198057460087,Recommended,487120,33884426,Posted: 29 July,all,KingVenom,"So far so good. Great framework, love the enemies and weapon design. Skilltree is a great touch. Just wish i could hear if an enemy is walking near me. They dont have footstep sounds."
76561198134093984,Recommended,487120,33910153,Posted: 30 July,all,mmo4life,Game is fantastic!  Wife and I have been looking forthis type of game for a while now.  GAmeplay is very stable for early release and has been lots of fun to play together:)
76561198134108704,Recommended,487120,33910298,Posted: 30 July,all,mmo4life22,"I feel it is time to write a review.  The negative comments are completely unwarrented.  It ticks me off anyone nit picking over a playable Early Access game with bugs.  Of course, there are bugs.  It is an EA game that was just released less than a week ago!  If  you don't like bugs then don't by EA games.The game is a blast.  Is it perfect, of course not.  However, what is in the game already blows away most EA games when they first released.  I'm impressed and can't wait to see what the devs have planned for us.Now, with praise comes some cons of course.  3rd person view is in the game, but it is horrific!  It was said in an interview with mmorpg they would be refining 3rd person view.  Well, it needs to happen immediately.  I can't play games in 1st person view as I get extreme motion sickness.   I want to stress that it is still playable in 3rd person; it is just extremely wonky.  The other area that is weak is the Character creation screen.  It is currently extremely limited in options.The graphics are really nice.  Extremely engaging fun game.  I've built a fortress, have my gear...time to hunt me some beasts!"
,Recommended,487120,35069337,Posted: 19 September,all,Rieader,"Good game, imagine Ark or rust but with magic instead. The building system is one of the better ones i have ever played and im really enjoying the loot table so far. For an early access there arnt any realy crazy bugs. The servers are a little on the dead side but thats ok because i tend to play with a group of freinds. Deffinatly worth the check out especialy for the price your paying."
76561198099046565,Not Recommended,487120,33985794,Posted: 2 August,all,Zblank,"I was hoping i could rank this one next to the survival greats like The Forest, 7 days to die, Ark and Empyrion.But it seems this game lacks so much content, one might question if its worth buyingI bought it because the potential is there, but its clearly a very limited early access game"
76561198031356113,Not Recommended,487120,33982997,Posted: 2 August,all,DEMONIX,"Very Buggy,  not worth 20 dollars"
76561198038149645,Not Recommended,487120,33984308,Posted: 2 August,all,Orozco.Jonathan,"First off, I know its Early Access!Its seems like it has potential, But I got bored way too quick.  I started off picking up stuff off the ground for XP, finally leveled up and unlocked the wand. Went picked some more stuff up and made the wand. I started using a spell on whatever I could kill, and quickly realized the animals or enemies dont attack back. I pointed and clicked like there was no tommorow until they died. Then I unlocked a spell that lets you gather resources. So now, i was pointing and clicking on trees and rocks.Point is, gets boring very fast. I asked for a refund and was approved.Maybe once it is completed I will give it another shot?"
,Recommended,487120,33849502,Posted: 27 July,all,Astriel,Great game for a game in early access
,Recommended,487120,33887006,Posted: 29 July,all,Zoltan -78 Swe,seems good so far
76561198081785510,Not Recommended,487120,33988890,Posted: 3 August,all,L2SQUARE,"In this current state, its losing active players left and right due to balancing issues that devs can't seem to grip about.Its obvious the developers have either no idea what to do with balancing of raiding and raided or just don't care as of yet.You can do PVE but there's no content yet, monsters are the same from level 1 to end game, just the same monster with more health and damage, not to mention useless AI that most of the time it just stares you or don't attack others when tamedAnd hey what's the point of playing a survival game in PVE anyway, might a well dump the money on some good RPG titles or real MMORPG.At this point of time, PVP servers are just basically building a temporaly bases with crafting structures that has zero value if raided since player can just erase you hard work of building bases, which may takes hours to days, to destroy it in minutes.This is not even EA, this is Alpha or worst.Even worst, the developer have no critical response reaction to exploit or unintended usage, and can wait up to three days to implement patch to fix it, which is enough for people to exploit.Example,Telekenis that destory both PVP and PVE bases in mere seconds, and that causes my region of servers became from constant 20-30 players to 3 - 4 players left."
,Not Recommended,487120,33982589,Posted: 2 August,all,Mason Dusksword,"After playing a fair bit of a game that is still in development, I think I can give it a review of its current state.Citadel: Forged with fire is a great game and seems like there is endless things to do and achieve however once you achieve level 60 (which in all fairness is not exactly hard to achieve) and have a proper base built, you will find the game content lacking. There is nothing more after you craft the so wanted end gear which you intitially would think you would need it for higher level content. Honestly at level 30, any mob is killable.Building in this gaming is great, it really is but the raiding makes it useless. The only way to defend your base is to pray others dont find your base. Once your base is found, enemies can easily demolish one wall in less that 5 minutes making hours of building and thought completely put to waste.Taming is an interesting concept in this game. The only thing that has a proper use in taming is getting a big dragon later on, otherwise its a complete waste of time. Sure taming has bugs: pets just vanish, cant use the storage properly, etc, etc, but again, keep in mind this is an early access game. It is bound to have bugs, but developers seem to fix a series of them aswell as rethink some concepts which is great.Gear is another story. Gear in this game is weird, there are magical properties which are basically buffs each piece gives however on items that theoritically give 2+ magical properties seem to be capped at just 1? Not sure if this is simply another bug or if there's actual gear that you can get with more buffs. Looting gear from enemies is the dumbest thing about this game. Sure they drop gear, but the gear you craft which is really, really easy to craft is always better than the one you pick up from enemies.Sadly, I cannot recommend this game to anyone at it's current state and for what its worth (20$). Some concepts have to be added to make it so theres more we need to worry about and do (hunger and thirst), others have to be rethought (how raiding works). Aswell as a lot of content needs to be added so there's at least something to do later on. Gear drops must be implemented, and the magical properties fixed."
,Recommended,487120,33849147,Posted: 27 July,all,✪Glakashi,Like Skyrim but Low Spec
76561198084992713,Not Recommended,487120,33983369,Posted: 2 August,all,devinmonroe88,Would not currently recommend this game based off my current experience.At this point I have over 5 hours from the first two days the game released.  Since then I have tried every day to login and continue from the current Citadel server 71 and am uanble to stay connected longer than 20 seconds before server times stops responding.  Level 12 with a bunch of components I farmed are no good if I can't join back.  It looks like I can join a new server but that means I start from 0 again with a chance of this happening again.Specifically around gameplay I would say the concept is great and I love the building and crafting mechanics. The AI pathing is completely jacked so trying to hit these things is a bit abnoxious.  The developer seems like they are devoted to the game so we will see if they deliver.
76561198121910440,Recommended,487120,33896331,Posted: 29 July,all,Xanderl7,"Very fun game so far, cool concept. The game is in early access so it is kinda laggy.Just needs some tweaking, don't buy the game at this stage if don't REALLY want it."
76561198006067102,Recommended,487120,33850011,Posted: 28 July,all,Evillmrfu,"Game was great, then it updated, now I cant log in. Hopefully it gets fixed soon. Once it is. THUMBS UP"
76561197974085088,Recommended,487120,33872892,Posted: 28 July,all,Megala,It's really good.
76561198022326359,Not Recommended,487120,33876195,Posted: 29 July,all,Tesmin,"From a gameplay perspective this game might be really fun after polishing. So I will not go any deeper in the current state because there is a major point I can’t recommend this game.And that’s the technical integrity of the game. The game is, from a technical point of view, unplayable in most multiplayer sessions. You either can´t join Servers and get kicked out or you aren’t able to join Servers you were already on because the Server is not responding after joining the Server and the game kicks you back into the main menu. In addition to that, the game crashes on a regular basis, In-game as well while joining Servers. I could understand a few crashes but this game does crash every third time I try to connect to a Server an all I get is an error massage which does say nothing. In short, the game doesn’t even support a reply system so u can hand over information to the developer by sending logs.The game might be playable in a few major patches and after this I will rewrite this review but right now u won´t have fun with it if you don´t belong the lucky ones with just minor problems."
,Recommended,487120,33892939,Posted: 29 July,all,Hanyu,"I would highly recommend this game.Only Cons are the server lag is pretty bad.  BUT, this it is being fixed minorly everyday."
76561198016830082,Recommended,487120,33894568,Posted: 29 July,all,Vryns,"So im on a (Official Server), I dont know if its actually run by Citadel but i the server isnt even updated to the current version of the game and i cant log into the server. I hopped off for a quick second then hit update and i cant even jump on the offical servers because i have an updated version? Ive really enjoyed the game so far even with the server issues but im having an issue in understanding in why release a patch that 99% of your servers cant even play? Please get this issue addressed as im sure I am not the only one with this issue."
,Not Recommended,487120,33895150,Posted: 29 July,all,Mordekai,"It's gorgeous, and despite the dozens of bugs I've run into it's been mostly functional, but the gameplay (especially combat, both PVP and PVE) still feels too undeveloped even for EA. I'd say it has plenty of potential, but honestly these days I judge EA games by how many times the word ""potential"" is mentioned in reviews.Check back later unless you're ready for what's likely to be a long, rough road."
,Recommended,487120,33898026,Posted: 29 July,all,Elmo,"Fresh new take on an MMO, servers currently have some issues and there are a few ridiculous exploits but it's in early access and the devs have been constantly updating and working on the issues.If you ever wanted to fly on a broom, play."
,Not Recommended,487120,33900033,Posted: 30 July,all,RagingTeaPot,"Really buggy. I levelled up to 15 without a single NPC attacking me, just standing there whilst I charged my Mana and killed them. Got boring in the end so I got a refund."
,Not Recommended,487120,33905543,Posted: 30 July,all,FireFork,"The game suffers from a enormous lack of polish.This is made obvious by on one hand the glaring problems with servers, the UI, the management of crafting etc, and on the other hand a complete lack of a consistent world. Different mobs wander around seemingly at random and they have no reason to be there except for the player to find them and kill them. Camps are uninspired and the ""caves"" aren't more than little holes in the mountain that can often be explored in under 5 seconds.While the UI, servers and such problems might be solved later down the line I doubt that the shallow ""world"" will ever be much more than it is today. If the game even tried a bit of world building it would make everything much more interesting.Why not give the player a reason to be were they are? Maybe the world is a new discovery and loads of different wizard guilds are sending apprentices to explore and further their guilds magic knowledge?Why not make orc settlements that worship and protect ancient monoliths instead of having single orcs wandering without purpose in the woods? That would make for a much interesting raid than the current camps.All that aside the game is a grindfest, and probably isn't worth your attention if you play alone. There are plenty of games that do building better and the combat plays like a poormans Skyrim. In my opinion this is a cheap cashgrab and a very lazy attempt to ""renew"" the oversaturated survival genre."
,Not Recommended,487120,33985494,Posted: 2 August,all,twitch.tv/verts_cs,"I really wanted to enjoy this game, my friend & I both bought it & we we're looking for something to play together, but as it stands, I'm crashing every time I try to open my spell book or inventory, my settings reset every time i open the game, there's no way to adjust the mouse sensitivity & there's no fullscreen option, just windowed fullscreen, so changing the resolution is basically worthless.Might be a good game when it's got less bugs, but as it stands? Don't do it."
,Recommended,487120,33832309,Posted: 27 July,all,Miporin,"My impression is a positive so far. Citadel: FwF reminds me of several old rpg/mmorpg titles in a good way. It is a sandbox RPG that gives you more freedom to do things your way. I am glad that it is not just another sandbox Survival with RPG system.Despite the fact that the game is in its early stages, it is surprisingly playable with some problems here and there. It is quite stable comparing to many EA titles on their released day. How it goes from here is still unknown though.I can run it with my PC (i7/16gb/970gtx) on epic settings mostly at stable 60fps, with rare momentary drops to ~49. I can join low-ping Official/Private server without problem.Is it worth playing now? maybe, with several friends who don't mind playing games in its early developments, it could be fun. However, I find that it is not up to the point that I want to cut my playlists, and play it now. I will look at it again later."
,Recommended,487120,34050333,Posted: 5 August,all,mollaplump.exe,I can cast spells with a wooden stick. There are dragons. It is fun. Its not very buggy. People who say it is buggy haven't played it since update or enough in general.Buy it if you like sandbox and wizards and crafting and building and death.
,Not Recommended,487120,33892075,Posted: 29 July,all,Kornflake,"A.  game only runs @ 30-50 frames,   i have a 1080 and i7 4790k w/ ssd, no matter what graphics settings in turn on or off it will max out @ 70-80 with max view distance \B.  game feels very rushed, very unpolished.C.  there is no scaling exp gain in the game,  a level 1 monster gives as much exp as a lvl 30 mob of the same typeD.  Lot is useless.... chests are either full of GARBAGE or full of gear that is 15-20 levels higher than you, and come to find out that even if you were to get to most of the higher gear lvl req, that you can actually easily craft better gear than what was found..... so yah killing a bunch of mobs to lot a chest is pretty much pointless.E.  Dont be fooled by anyone saying this game is like ""skyrim""  there are no quests (actually there are no friendly NPCS) there are less skills on your hot bar than a moba.  When i play my level 24 character i use 1 spell the entire time the only other thing i do is use pots.    the only thing this game has in common with skyrim is the fact that you can use 2 different camera angles.F.   all in all the game is trash in my opinion.  the mobs are ANOYING to fight, combat is boring as ♥♥♥♥.G.   I did like the base building, they did ok on that."
76561198166508189,Not Recommended,487120,33892450,Posted: 29 July,all,Bananakin,"Leveling System is wack. It didn't work in Rust, so why would it work here. If I have enough stone I want to be able to build a stone structure. But, you have to be lvl 25 to use stone and wood structures are weak, even after the update. The first 25 levels consists of non stop grinding, and moving houses because they will get raided. The raiding system is even worse, if you have enough mana potions (which are generally easy to make) you can sit there and spam a fireball. No strategy or choice, like in Rust, making the choice of using c4 on this wall or that wall. I believe this game would improve if the leveling system was removed."
,Recommended,487120,34154104,Posted: 10 August,all,Ženeral,I love this game! yes it have bugs but give them some time :D
,Not Recommended,487120,33918096,Posted: 30 July,all,Aigis,I do not usaully give negative reviews but I say what the others are saying about frame rate  and bugs pretty much covers it.  The game crashed and made it so I was unable to even launch task manager. I built my computer and I have had no issues running  anything before on max settings. I may even request a refund because the game feels completely different than what it was advertised as.
76561198140006427,Not Recommended,487120,33962416,Posted: 1 August,all,yodah,The hit detection and A.I is terrible at the moment also optimisation is very poor. Game has potential though and the skill tree/spells are cool. Refunded as it is a little too 'early access' and buggy. I would recommend checking this out again in like 6-12months.
,Recommended,487120,34316222,Posted: 17 August,all,SazanOFF,Good game. Please add controller support and Russian language)
76561198242779190,Recommended,487120,34330686,Posted: 18 August,all,DarkMesyah,until you guys actualy fix the issue where after you do a update and after that the server i was playing on wont be version mismatch and i cannot enter that server anymore i wont play this game anymore its nice to play and spend looads of hours on it making ur perfect castle or a entire village like i did twice most of the time im busy making castles and i lost 3 so far because of this issue even servers that i played on last week they have been version mistmatched for me and still are 2 updates later . once that issuse was sorted i might play again and actualy have a stable server to play on rather than getting my own dam server . thank you . and also there are still alot of things you guys could improve one like maybe adding a actual quest system and like 32 % more creatures spawns in the green fields of the game and forests icy area has enough of them . and more game balance to the damg and weapons like if i had a lvl 50 staff in my hand and 2000 points in my damage output the staff is just going to give me a extra 100 damg makes no sense i can just use a lvl 1 staff and still deal 2000 damg . and if by the time this game will have an official release you could give the map a expansion of well double the map size and make the giant statue accesible well mostly because i really wanted to be able to get up there :) and maybe add ice dragons on top of the statue or that mountain side of the map where the statue is and in the icy area of the map i really was expecting to see ice giants im sure you guys had ice giants in mind already but still just saying .
,Recommended,487120,34532409,Posted: 27 August,all,Mr.Grim,"The only thing that bugs me is leveling tree to get what I want to. Other than that, it's fairly fun. Probably more so in groups. I solo, so there's that. My opinion.It can only get better, and it's not bad."
76561198107989311,Not Recommended,487120,33876845,Posted: 29 July,all,【远征】zhzh 列兵,玩了几天，评论如下1.服务器太卡，玩官方服务器的延迟高，1小时掉一次线2.内容还不够丰富，BUG太多期待游戏越做越好最后Asia serverWe need
,Recommended,487120,33816226,Posted: 26 July,all,Cryoplazma,Log in.Find voice PTT.Talk smack with randoms.Run out of spawn.Fall in green bubbling pool.Die...10/10 would breath green swamp water again!
,Not Recommended,487120,34373629,Posted: 20 August,all,Warhawker,"Game was not at all what everyone's reviews and trailers made it out to be. There is probably about 45 minutes of content here. I spent a little over a full hour trying to connect with a friend, opening ports and such all while just idling ingame as he tried to connect to my server over and over. Getting past level 10 would be impossible. You can kill a strong monster that takes 4 minutes to down, get 300 xp, and then kill a deer in 10 seconds and get 240 xp.Maybe if more content is added, and there is some actual combat worth playing, this game would be fun.4/10"
76561197982683301,Recommended,487120,35212384,Posted: 25 September,all,Lenogen,"Still pretty early but, this game could turn out to be excellent! Very fun with some friends."
,Recommended,487120,34175993,Posted: 11 August,all,#IAmToPUBGAsTrumpIsToPuertoRico,"If I could figure out what the hell I'm supposed to do, this game might be awesome, I'm gonna give it some time before I give a full review."
76561197967356286,Recommended,487120,33816640,Posted: 26 July,all,SavageCabbage,I like dis game.
,Not Recommended,487120,33959881,Posted: 1 August,all,Darkfire,"The game looks alright, not bad by any means. As others have mentioned: optimization is horrible. I'm running an i7 7700k with a GTX 1080i and I get sub 30 fps constantly with an average of 24 fps.Tons of bugs. Logging in, you have to remap your spells because they will always be ""on cooldown."" Also, with one of the latest patches it takes about 5 minutes for your base to load in, so you'll be stuck inside with no floor until it all loads in properly. The server browser doesn't work properly, so even though you can mark your servers as favorites you can't actually sort them out. You can't sort anything out, actually(by name, ping, private/public/official, etc).Enemies are pretty lackluster. You have a few low level mobs with some extremely high level mobs sprinkled in. Doesn't seem to be any rhyme or reason for that. There also isn't nearly enough enemy variety to last you very long.There is a lot to like here: The map is really nice and the ability to set waypoints is great. There seems to be a decent leveling structure with different worthwhile trees to persue and unlock. Building seems fun and is a lot more intuitive than something like, say, ARK. Resource gathering is interesting and unlocking the magic gathering spell is pretty cool. For a start, it's okay with plenty of fun to be had. There needs to be a lot more work done until I can recommend it, however."
76561198279128415,Not Recommended,487120,34018963,Posted: 4 August,all,Stanley,"THIS IS THE ANSWER THOSE DEV'S ARE GIVING WHEN YOU ASK MORE THEN ONCE WHAT YOU NEED TO HAVE TO PLAY THERE GAME ON A DECENT WAY...THEY COMPLETE IGNORE THE WESTERN EUROPE AZERTY PLAYERS !!!!!!!They simple BAN you from the costumer discutions :"" Verbanningsnotificatie van een Citadel: Forged With Fire-ontwikkelaar	— 3 minuten geledenJe bent verbannen van Citadel: Forged With Fire-discussiesJe bent verbannen van Citadel: Forged With Fire-discussies door een Citadel: Forged With Fire-ontwikkelaar voor je bericht in ""Custom Keybind possible?"":and after the latest patch...and AGAIN...you forget one very important issue :CHANGING WASD key's for the western Europe-azerty players !!!If you still ignore those question from/for all those western Europe players..Why do you want to sell your game there ??????????This is a very simple issue to do right (as all other dev's are already doing in there games most of time before or short after release), we waiting more then long enough and wish finaly to see result on that.. we are not able to play in a decent way without it !!!Reden voor verbanning:Please do not spam multiple threads reviving the same issue. A developer has responded and the issue is being worked on.Bekijk de Regels en richtlijnen voor discussies.Deze verbanning zal vervallen op 5 aug om 17:01. Tot dan kun je geen berichten plaatsen in Citadel: Forged With Fire-discussies."
,Recommended,487120,34330704,Posted: 18 August,all,Insane MFM,so ♥♥♥♥ing good!but laggy
76561198115092819,Not Recommended,487120,34354864,Posted: 19 August,all,Blueberry,Game has some potential but 2000 ping and fps problems no thanks
76561198162593061,Recommended,487120,34481309,Posted: 25 August,all,kcrazeynate,"Let me start by saying I personally love the game and can't wait to see what they add next, along with that they really listen to the community when it comes to content. For example a few weeks ago everyone was blowing the message boards up with how it would be cool if they made a Phoenix and boom like two weeks later it's in the game. The game has fun magical mechanics and you can tame everything in the game and have it fight for you and even ride some of them, or just fly around on a broom whatever floats your boat. The world is large, not Skyrim large but still a good size, and it has a lot of great places with epic views begging you to build your base there. It is also obvious that the team working on the game love what they do and are dedicated to making the game the best it can be.With all that said it is still in early access and I think a lot of people that have done a review on this game forget that. The game is not fully optimized yet but other than a lower FPS and now rather rare server crash the game is relatively stable. They have been putting out at least one update every week, and with that will come the expected bugs here and there, normally these get hot patched within a few days. The mob Ai is still lacking a bit and some animations are wacky or none existent. Then like most early access games, it is still missing some needed content for a fully fulfilling end game playing experience.Over all, I would highly recommend the game to everyone that likes open world sandbox type games, especially to people that understand the process of making a game as it is still in early access. I would also point out that because the development team is so open the community suggestions, you have a good chance of becoming a part of the development of the game. I could defiantly see this game earning the titled ""player created"" in the future if they continue their current trend of implementing content suggested by the comunity."
76561198126462527,Not Recommended,487120,33858680,Posted: 28 July,all,JoTeK,"I enjoy this game and can tolerate most early acess games, but as this game is right now, I couldn't recommend it. I'd suggest to hold on to your money and wait a couple weeks to see how the game pans out.The best part about it right now is the base building, for me, everything else is a mess.In my opinion, there is way too many NPC/animals in small areas. Im okay with fighting them, but its off putting when an Orc is able to blink and lag around me like they're goddamn Tracer. Its also sort of off putting seeing a level 29 dragon right outside the starting zone as a level 2. It just seems as if the NPC/animals slider was set to maximun overload, and as a result it's a little overwhemling.A smaller issue that happens is loot litteraly dissappears right from under you. Im sure itll be fixed in due time, but its pretty off putting when you run to an area because it looks like loot heaven, only to find out none of it was there to begin with.My biggest, and final issue I have is that Im unable to rejoin the severs I spend a lot of time grinding in. The one server I spent most of my time in just flat out doesnt let me join again, no error message or anything, just takes me back to the main menu. And on top of that, the server itself went from 20-30 players to like 8. I moved on to other servers and leveled, but upon rejoining these new servers, I would receive server errors and have to log out. Joining new servers works, but I can only do that so many times before I throw in the towel."
,Recommended,487120,34181262,Posted: 11 August,all,Minato Uzumaki,"This game has a very satisying magic system along with astounding crafting and building! Start out with a wooden shack, and end up with an ornate castle! The game just gets more and more fun as you fight enemies and improve your gear! Before you know it you will be on the same level as Merlin!"
,Recommended,487120,34529209,Posted: 27 August,all,Polibius,"""mixed reviews""I can't imagine why this game is getting mixed reviews while games like rust get overwhelming positive reviews. This survival is run on unreal engine. Already makes it more tolerable than rust. Taming dragons is awesome. The gathering is way less grindy than rust. You can fly. Building is already better optimized than rust ever was.For the $20 or whatever the charging this game, as long as it's not dead, is well worth it. The land is interesting, the AI could use work but are engaging and massive. The raiding mechanics generally don't leave you completely back to square one if you do get raided. Love this game."
,Recommended,487120,33816441,Posted: 26 July,all,L13,Very Good Game.
76561198090842097,Not Recommended,487120,33841046,Posted: 27 July,all,Joseph,"Intro:After playing for 10 hours I felt the need to update my review and change it from positive to negative for the time being, this is because overall the game and its servers are unplayable. The game in principle is excellent but its current implementation is very poor, I get this is an early access game, so some bugs should be tollerated, however there is a big difference between a few bugs and a game being unplayable, and this is unplayable.Negatives / Issues:1) The first main issue is the frame rate, on both my gtx 1060 laptop and my titan x desktop I havent been able to get a consistant frame rate, but instead have darted between 10 and 40 fps. This is really poor, and it means the game isnt smooth and can't be played. Also the games graphics arent terriblr but they arent exatly good either, not good enough to warrent less than 40fps on modern graphics cards. This is basically down to poor servers and/or optimization but either way this needs to be resolved before I could reccomend the game.2) The transistion between third and first person is also buggy and the graphics look even worse in third person mode, this is less of an issue since the game is early access, but as a core mechanic of the game, having decent graphics and a playable character in third person is important.3) The AI of mobs is also pretty bad, You can attack an enemy camp and they will just stand their and not bother to fight back, or enemies will randomly spawn in when you are looting a camp after you've raided it. This needs to be changed so fighting enemies is actually difficult as currently they just stand still and let you attack them, often without fighting back.4) The terrain is also too steep in many cases, so it is not possible to walk up hills or get down them without taking a ton of fall damage. This might be acceptable futher north on the map, where the expectation is players have a flyable mount such as a dragon to get over such obstacles, but is very annoying towards the south of the map, and near spawn areas, where low level players are likely to be, since they don't have the means to easily fly over such obsticles.5) The UI and menu system in game is very laggy, it often means certian sub catagories in the crafting system can not be opend, meaning many items can not be crafted. It is also possibly to glitch out conflciting menus, such as the mount menu and the inventory, which often breaks the game. I've found the animal inventory is really glitchy and sometimes just destroys your items.6) The server browser dosent work properly either, on the favorites meny starred servers dont even show up, and it dispalays a bunch of private ones in the finder which is a bit pointless and makes it all really cluttered and difficult to find a server if you forget its name.Positives:1) No hunger / thirst system removes a boring system which is found in other games, and allows you to focus on what makes this game unique compared to the typical survival genre game.2) Skill tree means you have to level up to unlock stuff which helps to make the game interesting for a longer period of time, and means you have to choose a path, such as unlocking more spells or base building structures. This means working in a group is more useful, since different people can focus on different paths.3) In game friends system is very good, since you can form a house which is a permenant alliance, allowing you to build a cooperative base. You can also form a tempory party to locate friends on the map.4) Being able to tame animals is also very nice, and should be expanded upon in the future.Conclusion:Overall I really want to be able to reccommend this game, and play it more myself, but until such a time comes where its playable that simply can't be the case. Keep an eye on the game or come back in a few months to buy it but until then dont bother."
,Recommended,487120,34179170,Posted: 11 August,all,CherryMellon,This is one of my new favorite games on steam at the moment it is a very fun online sandbox rpg game with wizard♥♥♥♥♥♥with it and it seems so far the deveolpers are countining to update and add new stuff so i highly recommond.  The only problem that i had so far was some connection issues and in the new patch my framrate used to be 60 but now its 20 -10 and sometimes my game just freezes for 10 seconds but when the fix that the game will be great!
76561198066513413,Not Recommended,487120,34625746,Posted: 30 August,all,Twitch/TheRealEnlaa,"I don't love it and I don't hate it. It's got some CRAZY potential and some awesome ideas, but this is a game that still needs to cook for another year or so before getting excited about it.So keep in mind that, yes, this is still in VERY Early Access, but you asked for QA and feedback, so thats what I'm giving. I WANT this game to improve. But it's got a LOT of work to do if it wants to be successful and not fall to the side along with games like ARK and RUST and literally hundreds of other survival/rpg games.If I had more than 2 hours to try it out, I would have given it more time. However, a game SHOULD be able to grab you within the first 2 hours and I have to say that this one leaves a TERRIBLE first impression.This is coming from someone who only had time to mess around in single player (since multiplayer was buggy and lagged)First, as it is with a lot of open world games these days, the world it painfully empty. Right out of the gate, you're thrown into the world with nothing but your clothes and hands. That's not a bad thing, but there is literally nothing to do besides collect any plant you find for the first 10-20 minutes and pray you don't get yourself lodged between a rock and a tree (like I did multiple times), which will make single player literally unplayable since you can't get free and logging out then back in doesnt work either.There's no immediate sense of a goal or challenge to overcome, unless you count the confusion and boredom of picking up plants and finds random things to craft or level as an obstacle to overcome. In the distance I could see mountains with a large temple-like statue, but to my dismay it looked to be part of the skybox. I don't know that for sure, but other than those mountains and two other notable landmarks, there's not much else to look forward to.The combat is promising, but nowhere near functionable. If you don't out-level the enemy, good luck trying to kill it. Every enemy I came across was strong, but not in the good way. They are faster than you and hit harder than you, so the only way to really get them off your butt is to leap into the water. I would normally try to fight and dodge them, but -- while YOU have attack animations and cooldowns -- THEY do not have much that stops them from just wailing on you over and over. All the ai has to do is get near you and they instantly do damage, whether you attempt to dodge or not.Close combat is out of the question unless you, I guess, grind out some heavy gear or are twice their level. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy grinding, but there HAS to be some substance or else it gets dull and painful very fast.I value the appearence of my character more than anything in an rpg, so as you can imagine, the character creation♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off. Seriously... FOUR hairstyles??? The character models themselves look like they walked right out of Oblivion or Dragon Age: Origins (I know a lot of people don't mind that... but I sure as hell do.)I'm the kind of person that will play through missions and quests and progress because I'm excited to see what kind of armor or clothes I'll find or make next! But here, there's none of that. ""Oh yay... another basic cloak. Oh but it's BLUE this time... I guess.""Not every wizard has to wear a long bland dress and wear a funny hat, you know. Ditch the ""realism"" when it comes to outfits please. It's boring and not very creative.I couldn't get to the flying parts, which is what I came here for, because I was hitting the two hour limit and unfortunately, MOST of those two hours was navigating the graphics menu and loading screens!!Even with the graphics all the way down (making the game look like a Unity asset flip btw), it STILL stuttered and froze and dropped frames on my computer that can stream games like Dead By Daylight, Archeage, Black Desert, and ARK just fine. As it is now, this game is NOT streamer friendly unless you have an absolute BEAST. And if you're like me, who can't STAND poorly optimized games, this game will make you DREAD having to return to it's menus for anything because every option takes forever to load and puts it at risk of crashing.I'm refunding the game for now. But I'll continue to follow up on  the updates from time to time and hopefully it will be at a spot where I can stream it and enjoy the full thing. But, like I said, it needs WAY more time in development."
,Recommended,487120,33816542,Posted: 26 July,all,✅Arzin✅,"I played beta,now im owning a alpha...yeah, it has its bugs etc, but what (alpha) game does not have it, also devs are really supportive.I dont play much games, but this one...... WIZARDS :P"
,Not Recommended,487120,33842933,Posted: 27 July,all,Imotep Dragoon,"I really like the idea this game is trying to put across, however I feel it is far from that at this current time.In its current state the game is far too unstable, with servers stating they have low to mid range ping in the menus, only to have that ping triple or quadruple when in game.On top of the aforementioned connection various actions in game freeze or crash you, an example of this was upon the use of the haste spell (level 5 spell), which immediatly froze my game on use but kept me running ingame (according the the other person I was playing with) and retaining the speed launched me into areas unknown, where I was promptly killed.My death occured while the game was actually closed on my end, as I had had to kill the process in order to unfreeze my screen, this lead to me rejoining without my inventory at a spawn point.I have a feeling that this game will improve and potentially go on to be a huge success, however due to the current bugs the game is more frustrating than fun and as a result cannot recommend you buy it at this time."
76561198153277314,Recommended,487120,34182957,Posted: 11 August,all,chiriboga63,highly good game i love it the only complaing i have is the server wipes they have to make everytim the games updated meaning all ur hard work is wasted if they could make it so that a server wipes is not needed i would like it even more ive has my progress gone a couple times now so that angerd me but overall great game
76561197988538044,Recommended,487120,34486925,Posted: 25 August,all,Stormridar,"Decent game overall, still a few bugs here and there, but that's expected of an early dev game. If you like RPG's, and/or survival games, I recommend you give this game a chance."
76561198007104522,Not Recommended,487120,35119321,Posted: 21 September,all,Demon,"im giving it a thumbs down for the moment because its a EA game, theres a good chance  i will change this review in the future and make it a thumbs up.there are alot of good things so far, you can fly on a broom early in the game to get around. the weapons are cool, wands, staffs, swords, alot of others too. wands are so fast i dont see the need for the other weapons. there are alot of cool monsters, dragons, mountain giants, demons, undead and alot more, almost all can be tamed. gathering is easy and the resorces arnt that hard to find. alot of caves to explore for chests but most are small at the moment.the game right now is laggy on alot of servers, the AI is crap, the taming system♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off the most becuase you can only havd 4 pets. the system for keeping them is stupid too, make scrolls that add time to how long they can remain with you. should have just made it into food. So many cool things to tame and stuck at 4. hopefuly they change that and the system to keep them.this game could become great in the future and i hope it is so i can change it to a thumbs up."
76561197978632409,Recommended,487120,35247951,Posted: 27 September,all,MassBater,DO not bother buying rite now wait for a couple months there are way to many bugs!!! I have almost 300 hours and I wouldnt recomend it until its fixed. Game is crashing every 10 mintues losing gear loot. Its getting redicoulas its worse now than when i started!
76561198016473914,Not Recommended,487120,34053515,Posted: 5 August,all,xDINGxYB,"This game is fun, but gets boring after the 2 hr refund period for steam. I hope to see a lot more content and modifications done to the game.Main Issues1. Servers are laggy2. The AI movement is broken, they run past you im guessing becuase of the server lag, i find myself at times firing a shot and two secs later the shot appears on the screen3. The amount of content isnt enough to keep me interested along side of the grind to unlocking every bit of clothing is a bit stupid4. Really feels like Ark but with less funding and a more painful way to level up5. Network Message keeps flashing, which comes with server lag6.Content..Not Enough Content"
76561198254176871,Recommended,487120,33822550,Posted: 26 July,all,GMJohanstor,"Very Good game aside from the various launch day bugs and issues that will need to be addressed. I love the idea of the game, the music is wonderful and i see alot of potential with this game as time goes on. Hope to see this turn into an epic game when all is said and done."
,Recommended,487120,35320161,Posted: 29 September,all,[CC] Titan2k,"Very good graphics, only thing wrong is bugs but game is still new and can be fixed. :D"
76561198032084490,Not Recommended,487120,35283497,Posted: 28 September,all,Ramdoggg,"I have put in about 25 hours playing and the game is fun to play but no real quests, just leveling up and building and many of the servers on playing on are now just gone.  I spent hours playing and building leveling up just to start all over again.  I recommend not getting this game until is total finished and has quests to run and has dedicated servers that will always be updated and never had to worry"
,Recommended,487120,33842932,Posted: 27 July,all,Sonny,MAKE SURE YOU BUILD A ROOF ON YOUR HOUSE.
,Not Recommended,487120,33875882,Posted: 29 July,all,Noah,"*Edit: I understand a lot of people don't have 4k screens and don't understand the demand that 4k games require. If you're a poor scrub with a low res monitor, stop crying. JK, I'm not really mad, but for real... think before you cry.*Alright when it works, but even then, it's definitely light on deep content right now.~20-50 fps on a GTX 1080 TI, probably averaging 30. Lag is definitely present, even with a 300mb/s connection on an official West Coast server. Lootable foliage disappears on approach, creatures rubberband a lot, and I died twice from server lag causing me to just run forward.The servers are also more DayZ style, with a relatively large amount of official servers, but the latency definitely makes them feel like they're hosted by some random player.Server populations also max out at 64, but most servers have between 1 and 20 people. Pretty small for 6km x 6km, I think, but I'm honestly not sure servers can really handle more than that right now anyways. It's definitely not optimized well at this point in development.Really awesome concept, but I don't think it's quite ready for Early Access right now. I could imagine it being a really cool VR title in the future, as well. Hopefully the developers can overcome these issues and make something great, because they definitely seem to want this game to succeed."
76561198043285474,Not Recommended,487120,33878721,Posted: 29 July,all,Scotters,"Citadel: Forged with Fire Reveiw 29/07/2017Ill keep it short and sweet, Very good concept and if the incredible amount of unfinished mechanics where actually even working then i will come back to play, but to charge us 15 pound for a conpletely Laggy buggy unplayable pile of mess Was dissapointing to say the least, i understant its early access ive played many hurtworld and legacy rust among others. but this was a joke, 15 pound for constant restarts lag that is more then 3 seconds before useing a ability and just clumsy game breaking bugs, atleast get the game into a fit state for people to atleast practice the concept of the game you are trying to acheive.i do not recommend this game at all in the state it is in but i would suggest you watch for it in the future when the money we funneled into it hopefully makes it slightly playable."
,Not Recommended,487120,33866844,Posted: 28 July,all,CHIKUN [Eng/No/Swe],"(TL;DR in bottom)I'm sorry for being harsh but.....I used to play Perfect World Malaysia. After level 60 in that game any and all quests were kill 200 of this and 300 of that. Very grindy game. So you'd think I'd tolerate grind a lot by now....So at level 20 it takes 3 hours to hit level 21 in Citadel..... and you get 5 little points for crafts. Crafts whom cost 2-4 points each....! Crafts whom you get access to every fifth level.Solution? group up. That would be okay if one had access to the game. If anyone had access that is.This game is constantly smack full of caca error messages. You get three types of ""no youre not playing this game today"". One is Fatal Error, which is a complete CTD. Second one is Network Error - Server Not Responding, while youre in a server, which has people on it (Always about 4 when this happens, on a 30 average populated server). Last one is Loading- then kicked back to the Home screen of the game.Best part? While you're unable to enter, which can go on for days, your house degrades. After 3 days it is at a 2k/23k HP. Which by the way youre likely way too low level to heal the house for, because that only happens at level 20. IF youve saved points for that purpose.I was curious as to why there were so many private servers with few people on them. now I know why. because the Official ones are poorly set up on work-reward ratio.So welcome to the unaccessable grind, or the wrong version server of joy. Either way, you buy the game and it won't be playable more than 1-4 hours every fourth day. Oh and the patches for fixing it? 3 have been given out, neither of whom has worked at all.Positive things about the game:Looks beautiful, low storage space sized game, no forced classes, you can fly. and of course DRAGONS and UNICORNS.My verdict: it hasn't launched at all. It's still in what should be closed beta. If made availible to public at all. So close the game, fix the errors and only then ask for money, devs.TL;DRGrindy AF!!Laggy for the most partCan't access server but degrade still runs (!!!!?????)Devs launching unfunctional patches to fix access error -,-'Work-to-Reward Ratio is WAY OFF.Conclusion:DO NOT BUY IF INTEND TO PLAY IMMEDIATELY, WAIT UNTIL THEY SORT THIS CACA OUT."
76561198077643805,Not Recommended,487120,33993674,Posted: 3 August,all,Ephriam,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAMECons-You cannot tell them to fix something thats broken in the discussion forums, or they will simply BAN you from it.-The lag issues are ATROCIOUS, 20+ people on a server = unplayable, even after their ""Fix""-Crafting system doesnt work properly-Pvp is impossible due to lag, or if u want lag free, 5 ppl, on a server (If you can find a server with 5 people on it with this DISMAL playerbase)-The Devs of this game are snowflakes. Legit get mad because you make a bug report so they ban you for it.-Pets are useless, they do 0 dmg quite literally. a lvl 5 player kills♥♥♥♥♥♥faster than a lvl 60 dragon.-Base defense is pretty useless-If you find a server with any players on, chances are they will be sitting at the spawn points camping anyone who enters to keep them off serversPros-Wizards."
,Not Recommended,487120,33957258,Posted: 1 August,all,Swaper15,fun at first but lack of content
76561198051439445,Not Recommended,487120,33898472,Posted: 29 July,all,[BOO]Wolk007,"I didn't like the game, it's that simple. Just an opinion. I prefer Dark and Light over this. The gameplay and graphics in Citadel do not appeal to me and the trailer is miss leading to how the actual game play is. Got a refund."
76561198075619527,Not Recommended,487120,33869010,Posted: 28 July,all,daniel-940701,"I know its only been a few days since the launch, but still the server stability is seriously tragicespecially in private servers and Aisan. Almost once a 5~15 minutets servers go down and itmakes us lose certain progresses and most of all it really bothers trying to get back in. Sometimesthe whole game it self shuts down when the server goes down and I log out;; Also there should bea type of character keeping system at least among the private servers since the private serverscan dissappear any time and users that laborously built their characters feel devastated;; I almostam giving up playing the game especially because of the character losing system of the game.Those of you who are not ready to be extremely stressed with this game's extremely unstablesystems; lags due to server unstability, character dissappearance with the private servers etc, donot buy this game yet until there are further patches for theseproblems."
,Not Recommended,487120,35069378,Posted: 19 September,all,Wiliestrogue,"After one month break I log in and have no....1. House2. Pants3. Chests4. Head...yes, that's right, my head just wasn't there.5. Upon further inspection under my robe I realized my Legs were missing as well.6. Ability to turn left...I can understand someone raiding my house, but could the person who stole my head and legs please return them asap. The ability to turn left I can live without. Zoolander did it.Thanks!Game is unplayable in it's current state until developers give heads, legs and well...fix a bunch of bugs. Also wish devs would stop sucking the FUN out of games.  Game has potential...but gameplay changes need to happen fast. Games are supposed to be FUN! Example...why put flying in and then restrict it to the point it's almost useless...."
76561198336817203,Not Recommended,487120,33819564,Posted: 26 July,all,humesr,every server I played on had server lag and unplayable freezes. Then on my dedicated server the enemies didnt even attack.  For 20 dollars I would not buy this game.
76561197988482458,Not Recommended,487120,33971121,Posted: 2 August,all,BiGG Irish,"Game is not ready to be released yet in any form. With time and some love id say it could be a lot of fun but putting any time into it right now is a waste. The amount of glitches and exploits make it unplayable in a multiplayer realm.  One example is the loading. It is long. As it loads you can grab anyone stuff in a chest through the walls that have not loaded yet. Another example, my first 30 seconds in the game I got stuck between 3 rocks and a tree with no way out.  Sooooo ya alpha or not id say wait a few months to see what happens."
,Not Recommended,487120,33880650,Posted: 29 July,all,Ashen,"The game has potential, but for now it's not even worth playing for free.. I tried refunding it but steam refund policy ditched me.Lets start with pros:1# Great graphics overall, I've never seen a cape physics as good as this game.2# Cool looking magic spells.3# Actually supports first person, unlike Dark and Light.Cons:1# The monsters attack animations are glitchy, some don't even have animations like the giants.. they just walk up to you and you take damage.2# Hitboxes are so bad, aiming stuff while kiting something is 50% hit or miss, good luck.3# Crazy lags in all servers, official and non-official. Making the game unplayable.4# Crashes, you'll only play 30 mins at best before crashing.5# Sometimes you get pink textures fire and smokes and waterfalls.6# Unbalanced as hell, you can use a spammable knock back spell on any air creature he'll just fall down and die. No matter the level or your damage.7# There is barely any content, you can try EVERYTHING in few hours, there are no caves, nothing under water, and all flyers can die in 1 shot from Shadow Blast."
76561198159396793,Not Recommended,487120,33946580,Posted: 1 August,all,CodsWorthless,"do not buy until they fix obvious balance, grind and connection issues. For 30 AUS dollars in my opinion right now is not not worth it firstly you have connection issues. if more than 25 people join a sever it dies and everyones conection will exeed 600. Secondly you have lack of balance in raiding. Raiding is super easy you just farm for ten minutes to get mana pots and blast away not difficulty and thats with out teleconesis, which is a spell that allows you to instantly destroy a door wall or foundation with a 20 second cool down its broken af. There is also a problem with thrones. The devs atempted to do what rust did and a structure you place to claim the base only problem with raiding being easy its incredibly easy to destroy it and either take the base for your self or use the delete dunction and reduce anybase to nothing in seconds. and finally the grind and lack of things to do at end game. All considered i know its EA but they have a lot of work to do if they dont want the game to die which is were it is heading"
,Not Recommended,487120,34406517,Posted: 21 August,all,Iskukip,Ever wanted to experience the magical world of Harry Potter in glorious 5 FPS.WELCOME TO SH!TADEL: FORGED IN UNREAL ENGINE v-7.1.9/10 would play with my wand in the woods again.
,Not Recommended,487120,33913896,Posted: 30 July,all,Peanut Butter Jelly Time,Too many bugs crashes and lags.Unplayable in current state.Steam should moderate Early Access games.
,Recommended,487120,33854380,Posted: 28 July,all,duffed110,wizard
,Not Recommended,487120,33861912,Posted: 28 July,all,Lapidavitque [MOTH],"I was unable to connect to server so had to host my own. Ok so I'm going to streamline this review a bit. This game looks or at least looked great pre-purchase. The game itself is at its current stage (early access sure). that's not to say that it doesn't show potential which it in fact does and definitely worth keeping an eye on.  For the moment I cannot recommend it as right now as it needs a lot of work. I'm not going to get a refund as I have hope that it'll improve and when it does I will change my recommendation. Graphics 4/10, gameplay 2/10, crafting 2/10, movement 1/10 and combat -5/10, 4/10 game (at the moment). Didn't get above 30 FPS which I know is important to most PC gamers."
76561198070166699,Not Recommended,487120,33908060,Posted: 30 July,all,Wyyrd,"When it works, it still sucks."
76561198164408739,Not Recommended,487120,35072588,Posted: 19 September,all,Alakazam.exe,"Very few people play, most servers that are populated run older versions of the game, so actually getting the multiplayer experience is very rare."
76561198169953233,Not Recommended,487120,34080356,Posted: 7 August,all,Corungu,In its current state there is not much to do in the game.i dont recommend you buy this game as of now
76561198233490640,Not Recommended,487120,34282226,Posted: 16 August,all,TerrorDrang,player unknown - 50-95 fps mainly sat in high 70sARK - 58-110 fpsCitadel : Forged with fire 14-31 fps mainly sat at 18 fps  and thats solo walking around without spells or houses etc ..odd green and colour glitches sky and lighting etc (amd build) i can only rate by performance alone whitch unless ur on an i7 7700k gtx 1080 will no doubt run like utter♥♥♥♥♥♥all i can do is wait til they get up to date with the ue4 engine and optimise the way above games mentioned have for ♥♥♥♥ sake
76561198036749734,Recommended,487120,33829977,Posted: 27 July,all,PuffDady,On the server TheReach EU i logged out while standing in a natural mana pool. Every time i try to get in to the game i get instantly disconnected. Wana look in to the problem? We have tested on two pc's so there is a problem with the game.
,Recommended,487120,33870761,Posted: 28 July,all,Nuk3 ❤,"Played about 16hrs and a few days after release.This game is very enjoyable and has an enjoyable concept and feel but it being early access is very buggy at the moment i personally think it has great potential and have been talking to many of the players and they seem to think its great. Ive heard many people say it looks very janky and has bad graphics but you need the true experience in order to get a full opinion of the game, the games trailer is very misleading graphics wise but not mechanically and the game all in all looks stunning i highly recommend purchasing this a few months even a yeah after the release so you can see when it will be worth the money and when they fix the major bugs."
76561198010732222,Not Recommended,487120,33913451,Posted: 30 July,all,BeautyOfTheBeast,"Can't reccomend a game i can't even play, 5 hours of crashes, fps lag, server freezes, i really wanted to try this game, but now can't even refund it, and while i was trying to find a fix, i came across people talking about this game, 16 animals total??? Nothing to do besides building, that gets easily raided/destroyed??? Nothing to explore, repetitive?????? F***** Early Access games leeching me off again.PS: it's not an hardware issue, i have a capable rig."
76561198006531965,Not Recommended,487120,33932409,Posted: 31 July,all,c0alblack,"This isnt a game, it's a tech demo. Games have objectives, or at least things to do. As of now the enemy AI is so broken that they niether move nor damage you. The ""Bases"" you build are essentially paperbags you keep your stuff in as anyone with 20 mana potions and some free time can easily break in no mater the tier or level. The ""in depth"" skill trees are 4 classes with 4 skills in them. I'm 4 hours in there's nothing new to do and I'm bored to tears."
76561198028485272,Recommended,487120,33834741,Posted: 27 July,all,Redox,IGN 10/10
76561198073225504,Recommended,487120,34005953,Posted: 3 August,all,SILENC3,Official Rules 24/7 US Central (2 Restarts Daily) Look this server up VERY GOOD to play on Official rules
,Not Recommended,487120,34369313,Posted: 20 August,all,Xariot,"Add NPCs, stamina, hunger, thirst, temperature, sleep and food production and this game would be on it's way to possibly being better than Dark and Light.Until then, this isn't truly a proper survival game and Dark and Light is the outright better game.I bought them both because they both are interesting to me, due to it's features (or rather Citadel's lack of features) Dark and Light is just the better game."
,Not Recommended,487120,34127684,Posted: 9 August,all,Orange&Black Colored Psychopath,"A pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game in general. Same thing over and over again, and there really is no end goal.The inventory system is clunky and annoying to use and the loot system, if you could call it that, is horrible. It's literally the same exact loot in every box and it's so easy to kill all the enemies around there, and after a while, it is just not fun because of how easy it is.There are like six enemies in the entire game (Feel free to correct me if I am wrong), and a giant portion of the map is completely pointless to even go to, like the snow biome. There are no plants to make potions for health or mana, just to eat them which regain like five HP over a course of 10 seconds and it isn't that helpful when your max health is 400.The graphics in the game are good and I can easily run the game at 60 FPS on the highest settings, but that's pretty much the only good feature in the game. I will give the game this, it IS fun for the fist seven hours. After that, it just gets boring.The spells in the game are okay, but the telekenesis spell is so incredibly OP, it isn't even funny. According to my friend, our base was picked up and destroyed in just a few seconds because of that spell.The bases are one of the most pointless aspects in the game, the only real point is just storing the useless♥♥♥♥♥♥you find from looting which is A LOT of useless stuff. You honestly do not need a base, and even if you do have a base, it only takes just a few seconds to break through the walls and steal anything of value, if there even is any.Taming is extremely pointless as well, since once you 'tame' an animal, it only lasts for a few hours depending on the taming thing you made.Save your money and do not buy the game. Trust me, this game is NOT worth the money it is worth. Save your money."
,Recommended,487120,33892168,Posted: 29 July,all,David_Cannon,"This is the first review I have ever left. This game is really fun to play and enjoyable. After downloading it yesterday, I have spent several hours on it today and have really, really enjoyed the gameplay. I found it is different to anything else I have played before, but similar enough that it is easy to get used to the controls etc.However, the current downside is that since playing the game this morning, I have been unable to rejoin my server. I have tried on and off all afternoon to join and either keep receiving error messages about my connection or simply get kicked back to the menu screen. I totally understand this game is an Alpha and bugs are to be expected, but when you physically cannot play the game you have paid for, it is very frustrating!I hope these connection issues get resolved asap, the lag and other bugs I can deal with but when you spend hours looking at a server list and menu's it is very annoying."
,Not Recommended,487120,34004610,Posted: 3 August,all,Legend,"I'd like to start off by achknowledging the fact the game is early access right now,TL;DR The game is broken and not worth it's current price.The game looks fun however after I had bought it I had realized it is a buggy mess and the game barely works properly as it is right now, I am aware it is early access and the games only been out about a week and a half however the main menu barely works I find the game stutters frequently on a consumer grade mid spec pc the game settings rarely save and generally you have to accept them repetatively for it to work I was surely enjoying this game at 480p looking like I was playing minecraft while getting 1/4 the framerate of minecraft, I couldn't change the resolution the in game sensitivity, whether it be in fullscreen or windowed (I was stuck in windowed until I pressed enter and when pressed again to open chat it brings the game back into windowed might just be windows 10 though) and I found the game really boring and repetative but I thought it was a good concept and from a perspective of seeing this game first on YouTube I figured it looked decent however I wouldn't consider this worth it's price at the moment I would pay 10 CAD tops for the game in it's current state."
,Recommended,487120,33879044,Posted: 29 July,all,ColOfPopcorn,good
,Recommended,487120,33881348,Posted: 29 July,all,COCKMAN,"Well, I haven't played for long but have played  this genre for long♥♥♥♥♥time.What I can say is that the game has good potential but it feels way to autistic.Everything is too much in layers in sense that is seperated from the immersiveexperience you would expect from a game like this ( magic and fantasy ).I gave it thumbs up bcs I want to see this game come to an end but, theyhave loads of work to do from animations, net code etc.  You can't just plastergood texture on a mesh and expect the game will be born.Refunded.I'll wait for a year or two."
,Not Recommended,487120,34014391,Posted: 4 August,all,Logi,"Played i will say around an hour after watching a LOT of video's and it looked great...Until i played it that is..Soon as i got in i was hit with a solid 25fps, For a game which looks like it has graphics from the early 2000's..I carried on this aside for graphics DO NOT make or break a game for me its in the gameplay.Made a staff gloves & wand as well as thier corresponding spells...Started the grind where most of the time i would shoot a projectile and it would miss as the npc i was shooting is rubber banding everywhere (I will add this server had a ping of 21, As well as it being as close as possible to my county location)At this point after running about for an hour learning the same type of craftable items that give slightly different stat boosts and the mosters ai was about as good as conan's (LOL Flopcom)Refunded, While i will keep an eye on it i shall say right now Dark & Light is the stronger game out of the 2 and they are both equally terrible for optimisations even with ""Beast"" rigs."
76561198135839598,Not Recommended,487120,33894516,Posted: 29 July,all,Greenrobedmage,"Stay away from this title. May be worth a visit months down the road.If you enjoyed Conan Exiles but wished it ran worse, this is the game for you. This game suffers from severe QOL issues, the combat is cumbersome, it seems to eat at your CPU usage like crazy (poorly coded?) but the worst part for me was the exploration (main reason I wanted to try it)Remember in Skyrim when you started carrying too much weight and you got encumbered? Thats the default walking speed.. Prepare to hold shift to ""run"" the entire time to go about the default walking speed in similar games. Madness inducing."
76561198263877810,Not Recommended,487120,33895542,Posted: 29 July,all,MrToon316,I loaded into the game and played for almost an hour before I realized all of the monsters were bugged and didn't aggro. They just stood there while I used the same spell over and over until they were dead. I did enjoy the crafting system and building system. I want this game to do well and am going to watch it closely in the future but at this time I cannot reccomend and will be refunding it. I will think about buying the game down the road once some of the bugs have been worked out.
76561198345663308,Not Recommended,487120,34473152,Posted: 24 August,all,Iridious,"Game will not adapt to Graphic Card, I have a AMD Rx 480 and honestly the game is unplayable. Whenever i start up it freezes on me and i can't get to play. When the game first came out it work but now it just kinda told my gpu to ♥♥♥♥ off so if u ar AMD I dont recommend this game for you."
76561198157312344,Not Recommended,487120,33960208,Posted: 1 August,all,thehutchey,No one is playing this game and those who are at the time of my playing were in privete games that were passworded and locked.
76561198040486295,Not Recommended,487120,33867294,Posted: 28 July,all,Lucky Watcher,"Not really my cup of tea.Played 30 mins - got hella lag spikes and FPS dropsNot fun unless you have a friend to play with.Even tho it maybe very fun, I refunded it and am now waiting for it to further optimize/patchThen I'll buy it again,Cheers"
76561197963213703,Recommended,487120,33819120,Posted: 26 July,all,Arf,Love the ideas in this game. Hope it continues to develop.
76561198043673718,Not Recommended,487120,33901998,Posted: 30 July,all,Duurti,"Not much to say other than that.  But still, this game doesn't really have much of a point to it yet. I'll check back in a few months. Wouldn't recomend at this current time though.Edit: Had to remove my earlier comments about polish. It's sorely lacking.Also had to remove my comment about them doing a good job bug hunting and patching since the patches have basically broken the game entirely for me at this point.  It's gotten even worse. Can't stay in game without crashes every 5 minutes. Resources disappear as you walk up to them. Too bad I have 3 hours in on a private server, can't refund.My recomendation at this point is stay away. Burn your $20 instead. It'll suck for a few seconds but it won't cause continuous annoyance like this game will."
,Recommended,487120,33816200,Posted: 26 July,all,Fascist Polarbear,"When I was a young'n, I was born with a massive scar on my back.For years I pondered what the meaning of this strange scar was.Then, in 1820, the translation of Egyptian Hieroglyphics was complete.With this knowledge, the scar was translated.It read ""Citadel: Forged with Fire"".Now my entire purpose and existance is complete."
,Recommended,487120,33816732,Posted: 26 July,all,charley4k,"If Skyrim had a baby with a survival game, wizards and fairies."
,Not Recommended,487120,34004245,Posted: 3 August,all,Roadhouse Randy,"Played and refunded.  I understand that this is early access, but I don't have time to restart a game after 15 minutes of gameplay because it is bugged beyond belief.  Every 10-15 minutes my character gets stuck and can't move. Looks like it could be fun with some story elements added, but I don't have the patience right now."
76561198060328953,Not Recommended,487120,34117432,Posted: 8 August,all,Brak,"Pros: You can get the sensation of Skyrim in an online setting with survival elements until you hit the wall of realization that there is actually ♥♥♥♥ all to do.Cons: Literally everything else. Broken, terrible AI that provides no challenge. Unbalanced weapons that favour two types in what's supposed to be a ""diverse"" system of 4 weapon skill trees and renders the other two useless. Raiding is a joke as well. Building tiers don't scale properly and as soon as the enemy finds your throne, they can simply use the building delete function to completely remove your base. This basically encourages secrecy in the person who raided you, because whereas it's not a problem to get more loot, it's another thing for all your building work to have been completely erased. After hitting level 20 the XP grind gets seriously real. The most efficient ways to level up become lining up silmultaneous crafting queues on everything you can and going AFK, OR you can grind through killing a ton of the aforementioned terrible AI. Do I regret spending the 20 bucks? Honestly yes. Feel free to ignore this review by all means and spend your money, but when you've built your masterpiece castle and you're admiring it and thinking ""What the ♥♥♥♥ do I do now?"" Remember me <3."
,Not Recommended,487120,33881709,Posted: 29 July,all,exact0ninja,"Review As Of 7.29.2017So far I am loving the mechanics of this game. Everything is spot on from the skill tree to building structures. There is no other game truly like this out there. It's basically Harry Potter meets Ark. For only being a few days old, I would say that it's much more polished than Ark was when it was initally released. Im going to keep this review short as I plan to add more updates. The biggest annoying aspects right now are 1) Keep getting server disconnect so it's hard to really start a character and 2) Crappy FPS even with low ping. I get max 30 fps with a nvidia 980 with bloom and motion blur turned off. I can't recommend the game yet due to this, so if you haven't bought it yet then I'd say hold off."
76561198092171474,Recommended,487120,33825198,Posted: 26 July,all,PhanTasM,"TL;DR = Game is Fun. just ♥♥♥♥ing buy it and whip your wand out,..+the world is nicely crafted and enjoyable to explore+skill progression is well done, needs more options but is well done to start-needs more spell options, and the schools of magic need to be re-ordered and defined better, Devs REALLLLY need to play into that House thing with different caster types and their schools like in a DnD é HP mashup) -I dont like Harry Potter but i like this,. just to say that lol+the flora and fauna match the scenery perfectly+gives me that Legend vibe (the old movie)(i would actually love to see more drawn from this art wise :P)+the ambient music and particle effects are nicely done and not overly in your face.-it definitely needs work on animations and collisions but it is a good experience overall+-(im not getting any lag like others, and my fps are 40+ on ultra settings in 2k)PERSONAL OPINION: I would love to see quests incorperated,.. like (iknowiknow) wow style quest lines to invest time into,.. that would be amazeballs to have quests to do togehter and dungeons with bosses to conquer with reasons to do so other than just loot!!!the roadmap is VERY promising and it has a solid foundationjust like the basebuilding. :Dits well thought out and this game is going to look and feel amazing to play when it is completed.crafting is kind of grindy, but that is fitting for the world setting.. easy games are boring.havent put to much time into it, but I see a lot of people talking about AI not reacting to combat situationsi wish that was the case for me, ièm getting pounced by wolves, ambushed by orcs,.. taken surprise by blinking faeries, etc..lol.. its worth the ticket price. not sure what the price will end up as but it is worth it now based on what is in the game,.. and what is written on the roadmap,.. in the time allotted within the EA disclaimer.cant wait to see everything finished its going to be gorgeous, the Devs love their baby and it does show.this is one of the more polished EA titles to hit steam on day one (again i didnt get any server issues or lag at all)the one BIG thing i could ask for pretty fast would be more spell in the arsenal.. id step that up, make branches and re-order the spells,.. some of the spells dont make sence where they fit in the orders é items (if that makes sense) coming from somone that has played Advanced DND 2nd Edition a Great deal at least (for the schools of magic)and the quest thing,.. quests are good.anyway i digress a little,.. Buy the ♥♥♥♥ing game if you like Wizards and♥♥♥♥♥♥.. :D"
76561198070820969,Recommended,487120,33906030,Posted: 30 July,all,Giio,"People don't seem to understand the meaning of early access. And I think some are running on low spec systems cause the game runs smoothly on mine (i5 at 3,9GHz with GTX1080). 10 hours in with no crashes or freeze.There are a few bugs, optimization is needed and so forth. Gameplay is fun, grinding is expected and think it depends also on which server you play. Tried one were my fps wouldn't go higher then 15 and at another it was around 50/55 with same ping on both servers.Overall for EA, I would recommend this game!"
,Not Recommended,487120,34051502,Posted: 5 August,all,S33ker,"The game is good, but the performance isnt great at all for some systems. I know this is EA, but they released it broken for some people, like a friend who kept getting permanent frame drops on his GTX 970.Gameplay:The leveling system is really the only real reason to get this game if you can get it cheap. It is very extensive and has a lot of things to unlock and play around with. The spells and weapons are very fun too, especially ripping buildings out of the ground and throwing them. Where this game falls extremely short, is with everything else. The enemies are literally ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and are locked to a certain areas, so you can easily kill high level enemies being level 1. It just makes the games dull and boring. The only other good thing worth doing is building, which is extremely easy. You can pretty much build a gigantic fortress in a few hours of starting a new character.Don't Recommend currently. Hopefully in the future it is better."
76561198158202191,Not Recommended,487120,33979905,Posted: 2 August,all,Lenny,I really wanted to play this game but I couldn't even get past the loading screen. I played for 55 minutes and all of that time was spent staring at the loading screen. It also crashed twice during that time.
76561198132244403,Not Recommended,487120,33889120,Posted: 29 July,all,Nakedfather,Sum optimisaiton pls? Unplayable at the moment. Even ark on max runs better than this thing on low.
76561198130873492,Recommended,487120,33929632,Posted: 31 July,all,Panda Abe,"dis game good,If you got a potatoe PC you most likely cant run it"
,Recommended,487120,34229217,Posted: 13 August,all,HasheM,You're a Harry Wizard ;)
76561198132207903,Not Recommended,487120,34257433,Posted: 15 August,all,PSYC,This game was very funny to play from the start and toward the end. sadly with the price rising and nothing new in the game servers tend to only have 1-3 people. if you are like me you want the crazy and funny human interactions. with there being no people in game you are only running around collecting rocks and crystals.
76561198004066778,Recommended,487120,33954219,Posted: 1 August,all,Blade,ok ok so i have played nearly every dame Early Access Title I complaine alot but i always buy the next one lol so with that in mind here we go!Its good !it has many bugs and many crashes and flaws yet its good anouth for me to reccomend why you ask well lets look at its few week on steam it works !Now people can hate on this game all they want but i dont know many cases of people not being able to log in and play now if we compare that to great titles such as ark well let me tell you that some people still cant log into ark lol arks was about 10 times in bad shape as this game on luanch and same for most ea titles the one big bug i have encounterd is their ai breaks after a server has been running for awile and stops fighting back making the server you are on very boring as alot of leverling up is grinding pve!I used to play alot of rpg`s and mmo`s but i got sick of the grind now evan tho this is a rpg sandbox sounds like the biggiest grind ever but yet its fun the world is nice atmosphere is good sound needs a bit of work but wholy♥♥♥♥♥♥building building works so well harvesting is easy you can start casting a collect spell on a node while still grabing♥♥♥♥♥♥of the floor !all in all i expect great things from this title and as long as those devs work hard this will be a epic game!
76561198001654931,Not Recommended,487120,33936761,Posted: 31 July,all,Gryph,"Barely playable ATM. Server restarts hourly. Takes several minutes before your base loads and you can see how badly you’ve been raided (which is every time you log out). It’s easy for someone to completely wipe your base (if they want to grief... and they do), reminds me of building cabinets in Rust. I’m on fiber and I get network warnings constantly. It’s got a good idea going, but far from anything I would recommend buying."
,Recommended,487120,33884961,Posted: 29 July,all,Stylish,cool and good
76561198183460177,Recommended,487120,33910791,Posted: 30 July,all,Evil Morty,just want to say most of the lag is due to ppl spaming g while casting spells with no cool down lags the server well not the server its self but every one on it i have droped many servers testing this an it seems to be the major problem atm othere than that i play on a server were ppl get bannd for doing that an it runs fine 24 run time so far no problem raiding is still too op im lvl 30 an can just pull the walls off any base is cool but too easy going tho othere than that i love this game an it is new so stop raggin on a unfinished game its still been worked on devs are active an working hard to fix bug
,Recommended,487120,33829133,Posted: 27 July,all,Pedo Bear,"It's definitely a great game, its a great game but... Most of my gaming experience so far has been a display saying ""Server not responding"" or in the server search menu trying to join back after getting disconnected it's very annoying. I reckon it's because it's a new release so the servers aren't going to be great yet but hopefully they will improve them.For the time i actually managed to get on a server without lagging out was very fun, i went on a mass killing spree and raided a bunch of people so it was worth it."
,Recommended,487120,33857254,Posted: 28 July,all,Kronos,Its a Immersive experance as a wizard with building mechanics. Reminds me alot of Skyrim. The music is very well done.
,Not Recommended,487120,33919992,Posted: 30 July,all,Noob,at this point i do not recommend buying high ping bad optimization bugs the ai doesn't even attack if this doesn't get fixed the game will die soon but it could be fun if fixed
76561198058764213,Not Recommended,487120,33913678,Posted: 30 July,all,NEGAN,"Citadel Forged with Fire is a game which definetly needs more time before it can be called a full flegded experience. I returned the game with a little over an hour of gameplay not because it was bad or early access, because I cannot see myself sinking $20 worth of time into this. Do I think the price should be lowered, no, in fact $20 is very reasonable for the fact that is is early access.My full problem with this game is that all my hours would be put into a tedious and fleeting experience that would require nothing but grinding for levels and materiels just so I can create a wood house until level 25. While that does sound appealing to my level grind nature the combat left me bored and killing creatures my level offered very little experience. So the main way to kill higher level creatures it to get them in a position in which the AI cannot attack you and the only thing that really kind of stops you is the mana pool.  Which is easily fixed by the ease making potions with minimal materiels.I have not tried PVP because of the fact that PVP in these types of game usually goes to the stronger level. In which you cannot catch up in level easily because as I said before leveling up is just hours of killing either strong enemy's by locking the AI or killing hundreds of equal leveled creatures until you are bored enough to tear your eyes out. I understand the early access title and may try it again when it is more polished but for now  it is incomplete and shows that heavily with the lack of growth contained.Overall I say this game is a: 3/10Hopefully in the future the devs will balance gameplay experience and long term experience, if they do this will be as legendary and skyrim."
76561198125496358,Not Recommended,487120,33937933,Posted: 31 July,all,Fredrik,"Running animation, which is something you are going to be staring at 100% of time no matter what you are doing, is so terrible to the state of being comical. Character animations in general are terrible. Some of the magic visual effects are gorgeous, but some of them are so terrible that totaly break the immersion of the game. More bugs than other early access survival games on their early days."
,Recommended,487120,34917794,Posted: 13 September,all,ECG P5YCH0SL0TH,"Another Sandbox to explore and build. Not much implemented yet as far as survival mechanics but they may not be going for that. Has an interesting uniqueness to the map layout. Easy in the South at spawn, harder as you head North. Fun to play, and still early in build so lacking some content as usual with EA games. Has great potential."
76561197974425431,Recommended,487120,33843960,Posted: 27 July,all,Sedition,Great game.
,Not Recommended,487120,35035820,Posted: 17 September,all,Draggo014,This game crashed everytime i tried to open it and nobody was on any of the servers
,Not Recommended,487120,33886196,Posted: 29 July,all,Sepcial Riots,"Let me make this clear:THIS Game was released on early access, when it shouldnt.I have played many E A games and this is the most unplayable yet, counting DayZ.The mechanics it got released on should have be tried internally before released public.I love these kind of games. I really do, and I bought this because I really wanted a game like this, I did.But IT is not playable in this state.First impressions is everything, and .. this was not good, at its current state."
,Not Recommended,487120,33888795,Posted: 29 July,all,luminol,"I was really excited to play this game, but I couldn't get past the terrible framerates (15fps with 1080ti)"
,Not Recommended,487120,34123347,Posted: 9 August,all,Makoto Niijima,Not recommended for now. Too many bug and server instability.
,Not Recommended,487120,33887162,Posted: 29 July,all,Valkilrie,"I can't recommend this game. I was misled. The game had a beta and then went right into Early Access. How does that even work? Well it doesn't, not past the first day. I can't get a refund on it either. The game show's 20 hours played. I don't even think I have spent that much time in game. When I was able to get in, the first day, I ran into countless issues.I tried to reach out to the dev's on discord and all you can is report the issues. I got one response from a discord admin, who doesn't work for the studio, who procreeded to argue with me becaue they couldn't understand my issue. How hard is it to understand that when you have to suicide yourself in the game to spawn that all your stuff breaks. They wanted to argue there is a durability system or I was wearing crap gear with low durability. I even tested it on the level 20 gear, and still same result. SO much for having a discord to report bugs and get help. That is just one of many many issues.The game has had at least 3 to 4 patches at about 120 to 140 mb's each. I can't play currently. There were points where the game would crash on launch. Now, I can get into my server but I am stuck at the starting spawn point and after about 3 minutes it teleports me to my house. Once there all my spells are bugged.  My mount is bugged constantly breathing fire.Do not buy this game, I feel like I was lied to about the state of the game because they had a Beta then went right into early access. All I want is my money back because of the deception and inablitly to play the game. I have tried to refund it three times and all rejected. I don't have 20 hours played. No way. The game wasn't stable long enough for me to play for that period of time. I think the counters wrong."
76561198050056595,Not Recommended,487120,33981700,Posted: 2 August,all,Frodo,i Dont like the game it has a big grinding stage and is verry buggy insta refund reasons for me personally.
,Not Recommended,487120,33981963,Posted: 2 August,all,Candytripn,"Wont even load. No servers show up at all, single player crashes from fatal error after intro video."
,Recommended,487120,33827744,Posted: 27 July,all,WPlays,Really love this game!
,Recommended,487120,33882839,Posted: 29 July,all,Lotato,"pretty much a rust, sky, and ark love child. the game has huge potential but right now its riddled with errors and glitches, as most EA titles are. its still early on considering the game was only released a couple days ago but the devs have already put out a patch which gives me hope for this game. I'd say buy the game after they fix the server issues which they've already stated is high on their list of things to fix (the devs are involved and even interact with their subreddit). in a year I can see this game being great if the devs stick with it. the optimization now is okay but the game still manages to run well (better than arks launch). Overall im having alot of fun with the game, despite the glitches and errors. as I mentioned earlier if a rust/skyrim/ark hybrid in a fantasy setting intresting to you then I would 100% pick this game up.UPDATE (July 31):The devs have been putting out patches and have fixed the server issues. to all the people complaining about other errors, I feel like they don't really understand that they bought an early access game. If you don't want to deal with these things then wait for the game to come out."
76561198110550784,Recommended,487120,33896448,Posted: 29 July,all,Aguijón,"I believe on this game.For now you can have fan interacting with the world as you are leveling up.I am looking fordward to tame creature,wonder if can tame a dragon,could be awsome.For now,no much you can do,as it is E.A.,but has a potencial for sure.Note: Devs. are updating the game every day,since first day."
76561197973275558,Recommended,487120,33897048,Posted: 29 July,all,Fling,"Looking forward to seeing the development of this title come to fruition. 10 hours in, and I'm hooked!"
,Recommended,487120,33855750,Posted: 28 July,all,Thorondir,"Fun, but buggy, the devs are good and I think given a bit of time it will be more fun (and not buggy)"
76561198002811437,Not Recommended,487120,33921323,Posted: 30 July,all,Mr.Daskalos,"How do i get my money back, there servers are garbage"
,Not Recommended,487120,34337283,Posted: 18 August,all,-B,"DO NOT BUY!! - Yet at least!I got a pc to around 2000$ American DollarsAnd I can only run this game at30 fps..My experience so far is joining a server with 3 other people and a fps of 20.then joining a server with 0 people and having a fps of 30.Then spending 20 minuttes trying to change graphics settings.I really see the potential in this game. I just also really hope they won't pull an ARK and never optimize the game, just keep adding stuff to the game.The fantasy sandbox survival pvp game void hasn't really been filled, in my opinion at least, so this could be a good contestant.If they could just get it to run smooth, I would be sooooo happy.Weirdly enough, changing from Epic to low in every setting, did nothing. So it has nothing to do with graphics..I did not have vsync on, if I had it would also cap at 60. I never hit 60 fps.Also changing from 2160p to 1080p did nothing either.I think I will be refunding this game, I am not sure yet.Maybe I will play and stop right before I hit the 2 hours. Just to see if I am capable of playing with 30 fps on Gtx 1080."
,Not Recommended,487120,34080065,Posted: 7 August,all,spike,"I really liked the first look and the idea of the game, but the continues connection problems and the unearthly bad performance make the game unplayable.Even with all the details reduced I can't get over 40FPS and that on a Titan X, i3970 and 32GB Ram.Also, atm it is barely possible to join any of the server, not even a locally hosted LAN server.In my opinion, in the current state, the game is a waste of money."
76561198074916770,Recommended,487120,34173445,Posted: 11 August,all,Spacemonkey,Awesome game
76561198106460147,Not Recommended,487120,33918402,Posted: 30 July,all,chancezx12,have this constent problem where server is not up after update takes like 3 hours (Jata ) . another problem is that it seems like eveey time i loge on 20 mins later restart and the same problem 2- 3 hours for server to come up but other servers its like i picked the wrong server jata seems like low priority even tho it has alot of people on it i think im about to give up on this game. i get that its rarly access but seems like a monkey restarts the servers one by one.
76561198304160092,Recommended,487120,34497465,Posted: 25 August,all,chrisphil.ckp,"Great game, not survival game but a very good game, especialy if you like wizards, harry potter and so on."
,Recommended,487120,34179512,Posted: 11 August,all,ramflax92,The games been out for about 2 weeks now and overall the game appears to be on track for being a great game if the devs keep up with it. They have already put many content updates out in this short time and are very open with future content. The games biggest issue was the lag that from what i can tell has been fixed in recent updates with hardware upgrades to their servers as well. If they keep the schedule of the weekly wednesday update this game will be amazing.My only major criticism for the game is its magic. From my point of view they released the game before checking their magic spells. Some spells just dont work at all while others are very underpowered for their level to aquire and what it states the spell does. telekinesis one of their flagship powers shown in advertizing was horribly broken and as a temp fix they nerfed it into being useless. Though its been said that they are going to fix this issue and change how raiding is done which will be indirect buffs to some spells.Building in this game is really easy if even you get wiped out by a raider you can rebuild your whole base within a short time frame. Taming creatures is also real quick and they dont mean much at the moment in the scope of the game besides beasts of burden and transport. There is currently no end game content but the devs have stated and are currently making that said contentOverall i give this game a positive rating due to it having great potential for the future and having a dev team that seems really dedicated to improving their game. When they give a 300MB update it feels like they added alot more then when ark gives a 4 GB update.
76561198122125443,Not Recommended,487120,35330037,Posted: 30 September,all,ShoddyMagician,"Cluncky, looks bad, pretty boring."
76561198060590951,Recommended,487120,33828814,Posted: 27 July,all,aokiji1551,Fun game with tons of potential. Exploration feels rewarding. Combat feels nice. excellent change of pace coming from Ark
76561198040781112,Recommended,487120,33969930,Posted: 2 August,all,Chrispy GamingHD,are you one of the muggles which haven't recived your letter from hogwarts? but always wanted to become a wizard harry? then this game is for you ! - it's filled with bugs and 90% of the servers are♥♥♥♥♥♥but atleast you can do magick tricks and fly a broom! - Become a mighty wizard today !
76561198160636198,Recommended,487120,33815721,Posted: 26 July,all,IMMORG,"I've played for a healthy amount of time now, and I have to say I'm very much enjoying what I've played. It's a fun little box of mystery, exploring and trying to survive, whilst still learning spells, magic, and building my little safe haven.I wanted to write about the pros & cons here, and help you decide:asgfchbfgPros:* Fantastic Magical World, Featuring Lots of Land area to explore and conquer* The spells feature a healthy variety, ranging from Damage Over Times to AoE to Single Target to Rapid Fire to Defensive Barriers to Speed Enhancements. You only get to pick four of them on your action bar, so you can create your own, unique style.* Developers are extremely active and patching / hotfixing things immediately* Grinding is reasonable. The main purpose of the game is to explore & level, and it doesn't feel tedious like I HAVE to level, but rather I WANT to level. I WANT to see new skills, and improve stats so I can take on dragons.*Very well optimized, IN TERMS OF FPS. I pull an average 50 FPS on epic, and it feels GREAT. Flying on my broom at 35 FPS (Because naturally my computer isn't the best to run 50 on broom speed) still feels fantastic.* You do not keep your corpse ingame after you log. There IS a feature to prevent combat logging, and it works quite effectively I believe; however, this is great to prevent griefers from taking your weapons, which are a HUGE part of your identity.*Weapons really shape the way players exist. There are four main styles:1) Staff2) Wand3) Gauntlet4) Melee (Axe/Scythe/etc).As of currently, it feels like Staff begins the game the strongest, but I do not know how they are endgame. Will update when I get there.Cons:* The AI is not there. Be prepared to stand on rocks and be able to solo kill a giant who, while he ATTEMPTS to throw a rock at you, it will nearly never land and you can infinitely hit him if you have the mana.My thoughts on this: I think this is okay, for now. We all know that in games like these, particularly Sandbox, AI development is later, and the breadth of gameplay is primary.* Monster levels accelerate rapidly. By this I mean, I'm level 12 and I find myself fighting like 25 creatures. I'm able to do it with lots of potions and dodging, but it's quite interesting to see the level accelerate so rapidly.* There are technical glitches and crashes present. NOTE: Yesterday, they hotfixed three of the main sources of crashes. While crashes may still occur, I have not had one occur since the hotfix.My thoughts on this: The technical glitches, in my experience, are something that take patience. But, it's not like the building or casting spells is having glitches -- Those are all very polished. It is rather, sometimes my game will spike to 0 FPS, and it will remain like that until I restart it. It's strange, but happens sometimes.DO I RECOMMEND?Highly. If you're on the fence, try it for two hours and refund if you dislike. You can join me on my server, USCitadel EAST 27. I'd love to play with you guys. I'm a Wand User, named myself Harry Potter, and I like to shout 'EXPELLIARMUS"" as I duel / kill other Wizards lmfao..."
76561198273669402,Recommended,487120,33930578,Posted: 31 July,all,cerex101,This game is not optimized at all. Dont get me wrong this game is probably my favorite fantasy game but my friend can play it for 5 minutes at a time due to a low level fatal error. Developers if there is a chance that you are reading this please optimize this game and fix the fatal error crash. Thank you and keep up the good work. :D
,Recommended,487120,33817464,Posted: 26 July,all,fr$h,"Great game, but its reallz laggy 8/10"
,Recommended,487120,33817599,Posted: 26 July,all,absolutely barbaric,Over All I Have two things that are neg about this game one taming is not perm two network fix those its one of the best ea games out there a big world to venture and lots of combat
76561198012253984,Recommended,487120,33817570,Posted: 26 July,all,OldManWilly,"Has a few bugs but frame rates are steady, and graphics look fantastic."
,Recommended,487120,33817574,Posted: 26 July,all,Sirius Black Farmskins.com,Awesome game. Just need more content and regular updates.  ThumbsUp
76561198191839830,Recommended,487120,33817338,Posted: 26 July,all,Epinea The Zorua,"Having fun so far and I haven't found any glitches yet. Nice soundtrack, looking forward to seeing how this game grows."
76561198150786848,Recommended,487120,33817497,Posted: 26 July,all,...Tuha Juhan...,"So, the game is fun, i was astounded from the beginning to see what i can too in this game, but it was short lived casue i played on EU servers with 900ping and im from europe, optimization of the game is decent for an early access, i suggest buying it( Caution this is early access you might not like it), if you can find a server that you dont have 900 ping on it."
76561198106165594,Recommended,487120,33825061,Posted: 26 July,all,Maximus,"It's a pretty good game based on what I've played. I actually just started getting into these survivor games after playing Dark and Light. After enjoying Dark and Light so much I decided to get Ark and now Citadel. The crafting is simple and fun, the world is beautiful and colorful, and the optimization is pretty good for Early Access. I am getting more fps in Citadel than I am getting in Ark or Dark and light. Of course there is stuff that needs to be worked on such as wolf attacking animations. It just stands there attacking with no animation, but what the heck it's EA! The game has a lot of potential and I haven't experienced and huge bugs yet. So, if you like Dark and Light and Ark you will most likely like Citadel as well."
76561198058659702,Recommended,487120,33912322,Posted: 30 July,all,The Centurion,"I havent played much of this game so far, however I am already becoming hooked into the steaming pile of magnificence that is this game.If you are a fan of TES (The Elder Scrolls) series of games, you'll most likely have a intrest in this game aswell. Like many other reviewers in the Steam reviews I would compare it most to the likes of, ""If TES Oblivion and TES Skyrim banged Legacy Rust and New Rust just happened to nut in it at the last second; You'd have Citadel: Forged with Fire""If you are a fan of playing as any of the following in games, you'll most likely have an intrest in this game aswell; Mages, Battle Mages, Wizards, Pyromancers, Necromancers, Dementors, Pre Pubescent Boys who have parent issues and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ scars on their face.I am seriously enjoying this game so far; I bought the game after the recent 7/29/2017 hotfix which resolved many of the issues present in the ""Not Reccomended"" portions of reviews, mainly the inability to join game servers. (which has now been fixed btw)Not gonna lie here, the AI? Its hot trash, not just hot trash, its any other kind of trash you can think of. Dog Doo Doo, Swamp♥♥♥♥♥ Fecal Fun, High Velocity Visceral Viscous Slop, The Boston Shuffle, Polish Pasta Sauce. All of the above, its bad, but in a weird way it kind makes it better.- Let me explainIf any of you reading played Runescape, WoW, or any of the other big MMO's back in the day, you kind of get that vibe from this game in terms of AI. Most battles go something like this.You: ""Damn look at all thoes enemies""You: *Counting in head to size up the enemy force*You: ""I can probably take them""You: *Fires magic missile or some other spell, probably fireball**MISS*You: *Proceedes to spam magic missile and all other spells until victory*Another thing that happens quite abit is sudden acceleration. You could be fighting an enemy, they could be charging at you or dodgeing attacks at a normal speed thAN SUDDENLY HOLY ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥WE GOTTA GO FAST RIGHT NOW ACTIVATE WARP DRIVE GOTTA BLAST CANT STOP ME NOW CUZ IM HAVING A GOOD TIME HAVING A GOOD TIME I JUST SNORTED 12 ADDERALS REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE.ehm, Yeah...So anyway, sometimes enemies go real fast, like super speedi boi fast.In conclusion, pretty solid, devs seem dedicated, tons of potentional, also A♥♥♥♥♥♥TON OF CONTENT ALREADY IN THE GAME; THIS ♥♥♥♥♥ AIN'T BARE BONES!8/10 IGN - ""holy♥♥♥♥ingshitigottagofastrightnowwherethe♥♥♥♥ismyadderalandblow"""
,Recommended,487120,33975554,Posted: 2 August,all,CyberPlague,the game keeps crashing...they better fix this FAST
76561198044888873,Recommended,487120,34424585,Posted: 22 August,all,сикхшан™,"Bit sh!t,Bit alright,Needs some work xo"
76561198271715239,Not Recommended,487120,34447323,Posted: 23 August,all,MenaceMind,"VERY badly optimized. I am running an i5-4460+gtx1050ti4gb +8gb ram and it runs like crap. (yes ik my specs arent like ur 800 dollar pc specs). Do not BUY! Wait untill they optimized. Already called in my refund as a result, I'll be willing to return once they fix the gigantic frame drops"
,Recommended,487120,33924370,Posted: 31 July,all,dirtzdan,"Well what can I say, the game is basically a unpolished version of Skyrim.At the moment you can pretty much build all you like and hunt low level to mid level creatures, the only time dragons or eagles are a problem is when they knock your beast out of the sky and it falls to the ground, splat, RIP Eddie the Eagle, you shall be missed, but Draco is better.. WORTH IT.Anyways I digress, its great for just open exploration and a nice relaxing PVE, the AI needs some work but its been taken note of and the developers are smashing it, I'm sure they didn't even sleep to release the patches when they have! Overall PVE at the moment 6/10, potential however is greater than even Skyrim for the world, just do it right. PVP is still a bit too unstable but that is down to the giant reaction these guys didn't expect.Honestly if you like a game where you can chill with your friends build huge castles and fly dragons, then this is for you. But bare in mind its barebones at the moment and more content will be added throughout its lifespan, we all know what to expect from Early Access but the way the reviews are going on this is shameful, people comment how great its potential is and yet still vote it down, besides what their review says. Ignore the current ""mixed"" and consider that a positive instead."
76561198065303617,Recommended,487120,33844415,Posted: 27 July,all,Tiny Iron Tarkus,"Excellent first impression, will recommend for fans of the genre."
76561198079498429,Recommended,487120,33923968,Posted: 31 July,all,Overlord,it is like ark but a lot better because you are a wizard. i think that is all you need to know to buy this game
,Recommended,487120,33924400,Posted: 31 July,all,mabmo,It's a good game.
76561198080972080,Recommended,487120,33844452,Posted: 27 July,all,Some fucking Peasant,I have not played that much but you can be a wizard so what not to like
,Recommended,487120,33985986,Posted: 2 August,all,MaverickGamingTV,"af a few issues that had to do with how the engine was optimized, I have to say I'm having a lot of fun with this game! Love the survival aspects without the constant annoyance of watching your stam/thirst meters in similar games.after the last update I'm able to play the game at nearly a constant 60fps on the epic settings. way to go guys!!But the biggest thing for me is how transparent the dev team is. they’re always on twitch or their social media pages always responding to peoples questions or concerns. The quickest I’ve seen them replay to someone was the time it took me to hit the refresh button! Really nice to see a team that actually cares about their player base :)"
76561198016483038,Recommended,487120,34284704,Posted: 16 August,all,rip tom petty =(,"simply put,,so far in my 35 years of gaming,,citadel is the best game ive ever played,,and has potential to become even more and greater!! 10/10"
76561198242750834,Recommended,487120,34285073,Posted: 16 August,all,lexingtonpeapot,"Overall great game, has a lot of potential. So far the devs have been rolling out constant updates that noticably improve the game. Of all the pre-release games I've played, that is the first time I've said that."
,Recommended,487120,34296352,Posted: 16 August,all,Websterclause,"I'd put this game on par with Ark: Survival Evolved in terms of fun value.  I really enjoy both games.  The building system in this game is brilliant and there's a constant feeling of progression and hundreds of spells, building materials, weapons, armour and so on to unlock.  Considering this is early access and this company already has a good reputation with their past releases this should be a safe investment :)"
76561197975567678,Recommended,487120,34430025,Posted: 22 August,all,Jubilee,"I was going to wait a bit to do this, however I felt it needed it. After trying out dark and light and it being unplayable due to the inability to even pass the log in screen. I refunded it and decided to try this one out. So far it's a really fun game. I logged in easily with no real lag. The crafting is pretty easy to pick up. There is no thirst or hunger. The only reason to eat that I can tell is to regain health or mana. I didnt get to play a lot but in my short time I've crafted a staff, a couple of cool spells, killed several wildlife and a few sprites and found a chest with some new pants. I've also found a very pretty place to build my house. The building is pretty straight forward. I'm really enjoying the game so far. Only complaint I have is lack of players which is why I chose to write this review. I'd say with more spells and more areas to explore added, this game will be amazing and I haven't even tried the taming yet :). Hopefully more will become interested in it. It is certainly worth giving a try."
,Recommended,487120,33981355,Posted: 2 August,all,Threxi0n,"TLDR: Get this game if the thought of multiplayer sandbox RPG sounds like fun to you!The reason I'm writing this review now is in regards to the latest patch, and I'll update this review as I see fit. (and when I remember xD)One gripe a lot of people were having was the poor performance in-game. It's a brand new EA title, so poor optimization and bugs SHOULD be expected. That being said, this latest patch that just rolled out offers a MASSIVE performance boost compared to before. Now I am using a gtx 1080 TI, but at ultra settings at 1440p, my average fps has jumped from 30-40 to around 60, and the game feels a million times better because if it. The other new stuff/tweaks in this patch are just icing on the cake. so far, the game is feeling quite smooth now, and I can't recommend this game enough. If you're reading this, most likely, you know what this game is offering so I won't get into all that. Great EA title so far."
,Recommended,487120,33981604,Posted: 2 August,all,Mr. Passive-Aggressive,"yes this game is in early access so it has it fair share of bugs, but if you can look past that you can see that this game has a lot of potential"
76561198117259993,Recommended,487120,33982211,Posted: 2 August,all,Jdeck8,Great game
76561198022103663,Recommended,487120,33983738,Posted: 2 August,all,Bendablefeast,"It is in EA but, is shaping up. As long as the DEVs keep updating, this game should be great and trust me I know great games, I have the best games."
76561198071043647,Recommended,487120,34084183,Posted: 7 August,all,mcdoddelz,is good but not done so wait to buy
76561198073822045,Recommended,487120,34052262,Posted: 5 August,all,NickyBoy,"I really enjoy this game. Understanding it's an early access and much more work is to be done. They did a great job. To me, i'm having more fun playing Citadel than many other survival game like Ark..."
76561198095721771,Recommended,487120,33903540,Posted: 30 July,all,YKTNHamster,"Good fun, minor issues with AI and lag that needs fixing but overall, fun and enjoyable."
,Recommended,487120,34092957,Posted: 7 August,all,ServingYouDinner,"Okay. I had to give this awesome game a try. Needs a few things but I'm to lazy to type it all. So ya... I'm going to have invest in a better computer to fully enjoy the game. If you want to know if you should buy it. Yes, Buy it. Why? Cause its a sandbox game. If you like that type of stuff. No cons cause they are still working on the game sooo..."
,Recommended,487120,34109627,Posted: 8 August,all,123,"Ultima Online Reborn! Lets take the building from ARK, the lore/mythology/creatures and vibes from Ultima Online / Lord of the Rings and mix them together here. I fell in love with this game near instantly. The building is so smooth, Freedom to build anywhere u want, No restrictions, tons of options, difficult monsters, big tech tree, magic, crafting, fun dungeons, hidden treasure, wtf are u waiting for? Servers need to be more optimized though. Play on a low pop pvp server and enjoy! Im very hard to impress but this game is on an excellent course so far!"
,Recommended,487120,33872593,Posted: 28 July,all,TronTheNoob,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmVD6F9JrgY
76561198009988834,Recommended,487120,33821995,Posted: 26 July,all,gg2u,awesome!
76561198136889508,Recommended,487120,33822185,Posted: 26 July,all,Coyla,This is a great game ++++++++
76561198067926940,Recommended,487120,34093976,Posted: 7 August,all,thevalar,"I've spent 4 hrs in a row on this game now. And I have to say I am impressed.It has some minor occsional server lag, but nothing like the fcked up stuff you get in games like ARK. This delay might have you missing an occasional shot. Something like 1/50 but it is not a constant nagging presence like in ARK. Furthermore it is much better balanced with creatures, lvls, resources, ease of access etc, than similiar titles. The direction the game takes you towards is also more interesting. Sure you have your house to build, and forge etc to make to create items. But this is not a soul draining task, not even if you're doing it solo. And so it doesn't become the real focus of the game. The real focus becomes actually lvling, fighting and actually facing off with monsters etc.It took me 4 hrs of gameplay before I ran into a crash, which is basically unheard of in the early days of games such as this. Most ppl don't even play for that long at a time.It has a survival aspect, but that task is not all consuming, it doesn't force you to run around after food, breed livestock, spend  whole days on making houses, chopping wood, taming beasts, tend gardens and do all sorts of boring time consuming  stuff on the side. I don't get why ppl who like to focus on that even bother to play games, they should be working in kitchens, farms and doing gardening instead.The interface and stats systems are very effectively constructed, and easy to understand unlike some others(I am looking at you ARK, Lichdom, Tyranny)..This game has done, what we've all been asknig for, for so long. They've taken the best of Skyrim and Diablo 2 and mashed them together. An open world Skyrim with drop-in, drop-out multiplayer/co-op. And ofc given it a decent lvl of difficulty, which is mostly determined by how fast you wish to progress, with a highly functional risk/reward system when you go out to grab the stuff you need to advance.It is ofc however, not without a few cons:-It is performance heavy, one of the heaviest games I've played, and I didn't max it out. This is however to be expected in early access withinin such a type of open world game, and it should get better optimized with time. Even as we get better equippment to deal with the demands.-There is as of the moment, not that many ways to play it. Oh there are still a few, there are 2 Melee paths, 1 ranged, 1 ranged aoe(and I think there was one more type). Aswell as the chance to choose a 2nd complimentary fighting style to embark on as you progress(a bit later into the game). But each of these paths are currently somewhat limited in terms of abilities available, the slight edition of neutral abilities all can use does help a little with branching out, but it still feels a bit stifled. Even with the addition of your pets/familiars added in.PS. I should however point out once again, that this is another thing that is to be expected this early on, and in some ways a good thing. It means that they're not breaking the game before they've even gotten started, but are slowly testing and implementing new features. I suspect that if they maintain support, they will keep at it and this game will as time passes, see a meteoric rise in the paths available. The game design allows for such a wide range of choices for the developers to create playstyles and build upon all of them.-Server lags, yes they are relatively speaking minor, but they are still very much there. However, what little there is can easily be solved by playing the game with friends over lan, which is basically what I am really interested in doing. It is the Skyrim version of Diablo single player, where you can switch the server into a multiplayer one when you want, and inv your friends in, into your world. Or for you to join theirs.PS. Just because you had a bad experience with lag, did you ever consider that this might have been due to the specific server you were on, your own connection service provider, specifically your connection, or even just your computer lagging? Most don't seem to consider these before they start whining. I had a relatively stable 60-89ms delay, with occasional spikes into about 300ms(relatively rare, like I said, about one in 30-50 shots), Not optiomal, but again, much, much better than ARK.-It does to some degree share Skyrim's fault of repetative combat and unvaried solutions to them. Everything in the game runs on magic, but that is similar to how a Paladin, DK or Fury Druid in WoW uses magic, but still fights in melee. Again though, this is something I hope they will branch out on eventually, adding alternative playtyles and resources, such as rage/fury, spirit, etc.Considering the updates, and improvments shown, I expect even more positive changes to this game. Please try it, and upvote it. It certainly deserves a better ranking than it has, too many overly pessimistic gamers have dismissed its prospects from the earliest days, thinking it was unplayable back then and like so many would not improve(ARK). But this one did, and it improved a lot, in every aspect. You won't have 3 T-rexes coming and wrecking your home 20min into the game. You won't have 5 crashes in 3 hrs, and you won't have to work for 2-5 hrs to build a medium sized low lvl house and hope that no overpowered starting ground creature comes  along and wrecks your work. Or that unregulated lifeless chinese farmers comes and camps you, and all the resource locations.This game is far from finnished, but unlike ARK, it actually already works. It is easy to get into, it follows and interesting system that can be expanded upon, And most importantly, it has the potential to completely fill out the role of that game we've all been waiting for since 2011´-2015(depending on when  you realized what a game like Skyrim could be). It already does so, to some extent. I wish the developers will be allowed to complete that experience, and not be shut down just before the finnish line.So yes, in spite of some relevant but quickly fading issues, I recommend this game."
76561198049857854,Recommended,487120,34164178,Posted: 11 August,all,hokedragon,Good Game pretty descent Running time not to much of a lag except for running on crappy hosts at times other then that for the time it came out its a really good game to play i will say there is a glitch where if you take the reset potion at level 40 it automatically bumps you up to level 60 and give you the stats and stuff for it i dunno if this is what is intended or not
,Recommended,487120,34012619,Posted: 4 August,all,Raptor Jesus,Fantastic game. Completely transparent devs that actually communicate with the community.Have been working hard on fixes everyday.Game has huge potential if the devs continue on their current route with development
76561197971193874,Recommended,487120,33854758,Posted: 28 July,all,tunaris76,"Harry Potter meets Ark, without dinosaurs, without food and drink necessity.There isn't so much a combat system but spells, spells and more spells. Even the melee weapons attacks is... spells.Each weapon has 2 spell slots, and i include wands and staffs here, in which you can put learned spells from the list.Melee weapons have their own spells, as do Staffs and Wands, plus some spells that can be put into any weapon.Since you can have a maximum of 2 weapons readied at one time, that means a maximum of 4 spells, that you can easily toggle between.There is the normal 4 armorslots, Head, Body, Legs, Feet, and one additional slot for either an amulet, ring, bracelet, or the broom for flying. +2 slots for potions.The building system looks easy to use, and up to lvl 20 (which i played) intuitive. Nice that you can place walls, and then put a window or doorway into them.Not very complex to that point.Enemies in single player seem to cheap, with a wand and the basic arcane missile spell, i could take out lvl 30ish dragons, at lvl 13.Overall a nice looking, if a bit low on complexity, pseudo survival game.Tutorial would be nice to start out with.(this is present state and there will probably done alot down the line)Performance is good on my System, though it taxes the GPU alot and it grows warm quickly.Runs stable in single player (custom game hosted for one)"
,Not Recommended,487120,34448123,Posted: 23 August,all,bitmapkid,The official servers are empty.The character animations are not very good.I had to search on the forum to figure out that Tab lets you switch to third-person view.At the start of the game your character is unable to run so everything is very slow.I don't really know what I expected but I'm not very happy with Citadel in its current state.So I'm going back to playing Conan Exiles for now.
76561198388466783,Recommended,487120,34619616,Posted: 30 August,all,skiibo,"ive played  this game for  140 hours, maxed out my level on one server and leveld pretty high on another. its fun at first starts to get pretty grindy and their is a lack of content wich leads to repeditive game play very quickly. its EA so obviously tons of bugs. dont expect ot build some amazing castle and have it last, their will be an update that removes your throne or emptys your mana generators and your castle will decay. has happened a few times to me. dont expect to keep a pet, everytime i logged out and had 100s of hours on my pet i logged in and he was gone. (i was never ablke to keep a pet for over 24 hours idk why but he would just be gone even with tons of hours on him and building a room around him so no one could attack him. overall its pretty fun for the short term maybe once they develop the game some more it will have an end game as of right now im done playing i did have fun, and i do recommend it but dont plan on this being your every day game for the next few months it just wont last and the frustartion will get to you."
,Recommended,487120,33819082,Posted: 26 July,all,Cyclone tMn,"This is one of those games that is really fun and exciting and if you liked rust or ARK or skyrim, you would like this game because it is very similar to those. Another great thing is that nothing is to overpowered so i like it and i would recommend it.Pros:-Great game to play when bored-Great to play with friends-not to hard but not to easy-Great crafting conceptCons:-Connection/server issues-a lot of bugs (first day of release in early access)-FPS issues"
76561198065851448,Recommended,487120,34134896,Posted: 9 August,all,LokiVarvar,"Look, if you want something like ARK but a little less focused on survival and a little more focused on action and base building, this game is for you. Magic is a huge focus here. You can fly around on brooms which is sick. There are quite a few issues with the game still but here's the thing, the updates are very frequent at the moment. AND! and. the devs LISTEN to feedback. Folks are pretty active in the forums and shoot great suggestions some of which get implemented!Get a friend! Playing this game alone gets pretty boring. There are plenty of groups forming online if you don't have anyone who wants to play with you yet.I'm having a blast, and even through my moments of frustration, I came to enjoy my time. Give it a try, you probably won't regret it.There are plenty of gameplay videos online if you're unsure. See you on the isle!"
76561198094547086,Recommended,487120,33912965,Posted: 30 July,all,TurnipBoii,Is good game. has some optomisation issues on your own server but you get a good 40 - 60 fps on other servers. can't complain about much else due to it being a very early access game. I assume more content is coming.
,Recommended,487120,34065158,Posted: 6 August,all,MadBlood,"This is the most fun I ever had on a early access game. It feels like a combination of all my favorite fantasy games/movies. Its like a Elder Scrolls, Harry Potter, and Lord of the rings. Also, it is not a survival game. I am so glad I don't have to worry about hunger and thirst. There isn't mush of a tutorial which is a pro to me, I like learning games on my own. Adventuring is rewarding, you can find new places and loot in the world. Graphics isn't top notch but still beautiful. Leveling up to learn new things on a character is so satisfying. And many more stuff to list.Of course this is a early access game so there are many bugs and is not a full game. Optimization is not great yet. However, give this game time and it will be amazing. Its only been over a week and the developers has already release quite a bit of updates. The more feedback that is given, the better this game will be."
76561198002944152,Recommended,487120,34125303,Posted: 9 August,all,Aethis Rex,I am enjoying this game so far. In its first few weeks but it already shows great potential.
76561198087010555,Recommended,487120,34064587,Posted: 6 August,all,Temno,"This game is fairly well done, the only issue I have with it, is the fact that regardless of how good it may be, you need a really good graphics card to actually do anything, I've got it all, only thing I do not have is a the right graphics card, so the game looks fairly bad, other than that I love it, and more than likely will rebuy when I upgrade my computer."
76561198171514001,Recommended,487120,34120408,Posted: 9 August,all,Masterfate,"Its early access, so there is issues. But the devs are always pushing patches to fix them.  This game is amazing ."
76561198037934434,Recommended,487120,33913715,Posted: 30 July,all,Vodi,"The game is good, with great atmosphere, and the devs are doing a good job of putting out patches for teething problems as they show up."
76561198046427367,Recommended,487120,34064400,Posted: 6 August,all,The Sleeping Hobbit,"I'm not much into Survival games, but this one is friendly & simple enough. It's more of a building game for now, to be honest. Building feels nice and is very simple, nice amount of life in the wilderness, caves and landscape to explore, a good amount of things to unlock. Don't expect a huge amount of things to do for now, but it's Early Access, the devs are working hard on the game and communication is very important to them. They listen to players to know what to add / patch / nerf, and it feels really nice."
76561197976935351,Recommended,487120,33819755,Posted: 26 July,all,Angeldina,I like it alot and is more fun then DnL :D10/10
,Recommended,487120,33824011,Posted: 26 July,all,b0st0n,10/10 WOULD PLAY AGIN!
,Not Recommended,487120,33888342,Posted: 29 July,all,PowerLich,"You'll see I have 11.1 hours played. What it should say is ""11.1 hours spent trying to get the game to play.""Every 15 or so minutes, the server crashes. After the server crashes, you have to wait sometimes up to 10 minutes for it to come back. When you get back, various bugs may occur that could potentially cause you to have to make a new character on another server, only for this process to repeat.The game crashes over, and over, it takes a long time to even get into a game. Sometimes the game just boots you back to the main menu the moment it loads into the server.I wanted so badly to like this game. This game looked like everything I wanted, it had polish, magic, monsters, exploration and sandbox gameplay without annoying survival elements and the stress of having to check in on stuff every day and spending hours and HOURS AND HOURS taming monsters. The overall gameplay, what very little I was able to squeeze out of it, was actually very enjoyable. Eh, except...Enemy AI is beyond terrible. Sometimes they don't even attack. A level 1 character can get lucky and take down a level 35 enemy if they have enough patience. I'm guessing this would extend to your mind-controlled creatures (or Tames), making them borderline useless for base defense.Animations are awful. Some enemies barely have animations, so it's difficult to tell when you need to dodge or when you have an opening. The game can be played in third person, but it's wonky and your character moves like they have... Problems.The only input you get when you take damage is your screen fills with Red. My gamer-instincts tell me that this indicates I am very near death, because the intensity of the red is the same when I take 100 damage versus 5 damage. This creates bad game feel.This next one isn't much of a complaint, just something I noticed. Some of the starting spells operate mechanically 1 for 1 with old Quake weapons. Rocket Launcher is Fireball, Lightning Gun is the gauntlet spell, etc. Not bad, just weird.This game has a metric buttload of potential. It really does. In the state it's in right now, though, I feel like I've been ripped off. I know it's Early Access and you're supposed to ""Expect bugs"", but I expect something that's worth 20 dollars. They should not have released the game at all for MONEY in the state it's in. I don't feel as though the devs had the players' best interests in mind, rather, they worked long enough and wanted to start cashing in on their game. This doesn't bode well, in my mind, and I hope they can prove otherwise.I'll be asking for a refund, regardless of how many hours Steam thinks I """"""""played"""""""""" the game."
76561198010031997,Not Recommended,487120,33982248,Posted: 2 August,all,Vegemite Dangerous,"If you're an AMD user or a low end Nvidia user, don't bother the game has serious bugs making it completely unplayable. This ranges from Crash at load, crash to desktop, AI not attacking, spells that crash the game, low FPS and much much more.Maybe in the future."
,Recommended,487120,33821919,Posted: 26 July,all,Von-Orange,Best servival game. Needs some work but not as much as others. Skyrim Survival FTW
76561197960860132,Recommended,487120,33997081,Posted: 3 August,all,Spray,"For right now it is actually quite fun killing Orcs, wolves and other creatures alike. If you want to find a sandbox game to really get into with the slow level system I think the game is good.However the game currently is not very optimised and with my GTX 970 im currently getting 50-60 FPS on the lowest settings and seen people getting as low as 30 fps so if you cant play games with low FPS dont buy it until the game goes through further development.But if you dont mind the low FPS I would buy the game for I think its around $10 currently. This game will be worth the buy and even better when it gets some updates."
76561198004630027,Recommended,487120,33993552,Posted: 3 August,all,MalusVex,♥♥♥♥ing Awesome i love my castle come check it outhttps://www.twitch.tv/le_vampire_lastati plan to be streaming this for for awhile. Would highly recommend :) two thumbs Up
76561198156535850,Recommended,487120,33859209,Posted: 28 July,all,OffMyTacos,Love this game. all i would say they need to add is better loot drops from mobs and maybe a few more weapon types. Other than that this is a great game i would recommend to anyone
,Recommended,487120,33874348,Posted: 28 July,all,D R I N K I N G S,Extremely addicting.
76561198272462811,Recommended,487120,33890092,Posted: 29 July,all,SlimeBucket,nice game
,Recommended,487120,33892864,Posted: 29 July,all,TinieWenie,"Game is very unique, and the devs seem commited to weekly updates. More than a lot of EA games can say"
76561198123928348,Recommended,487120,33894006,Posted: 29 July,all,MastrPuppet™,"Welcome Citadel Forged With Fire!++( GAME POINT )This is a MMO type survial game with a skyrim and rust twist. Where players can choose to play a PVP or a PVE type enviroment.  Either way the player has full control on what He/Her would like to do.++( EXICUTION )Personally i think the game was a great idea, and exicuted well.++( PROBLEMS )Due to the games optimization not even the highest of tech can really run this game well. Though it is fun to play some players dont understand that this games is in the early stages of development, and that it takes time for better optimization, whether its graphics, bases, or even something to a memory leak, to fix and maintain.++( SHOULD YOU GET IT? )Yes And No, ( YES ) if your into these types of games then feel free, but try to be an active member by helping DeVs point out the issues and bugs so they can help to improve the game. ( NO ) if you still want it, but dont want to play through an early access game then dont, like before the game is riddled in bugs, yet still fun to play. Hope this small yet shortreviewhelps you! (MY FIRST ACTUAL REVIEW)"
76561198001341834,Recommended,487120,33895225,Posted: 29 July,all,ecbrookie,"solid, better than dark and light.runs smooth on my computers hefty specs and it is a beautiful game for early access.enjoyed crafting and hunting blood orcs while I learned the game.  Can only hope the devs don't drop out on this one and leave it to die"
,Recommended,487120,33896289,Posted: 29 July,all,_Kaboose,Great game. Still new and fixing bugs. but overall My freinds and i love this game. A++Excellent game to play with freinds after work.
,Recommended,487120,33874142,Posted: 28 July,all,Rockness Monstah,Pretty good.  Let's hope the game gets worked on like ARK did.
,Recommended,487120,33874392,Posted: 29 July,all,jphoen1x,"first impression, this game has lots of potential. I love the idea and execution. Obviously needs optimizing and smoothed out, but this game for me is really fun even at the current state. Runs fine for me and looks good even though I dont techniqually meet the req. gpu. Really fun to play with friends. One thing that does bug me is the sound. Im a professional sound designer and engineer so the lack of sfx for things like doors opening, and the sound of jumping in water when walking on beach near water, but those are just things you expect in EA. Overall I can say I will be playing much more of this and hoping it continues in a postive forward motion."
76561198090450751,Recommended,487120,33874753,Posted: 29 July,all,theBACONATOR,"Great game. The players don't kill you on sight. Great community, easily found a friendly guild. Cool monsters, can tame most if not all of them. You can get new, cool, gear from caves and different enemies. Still needs some of work with optimization, AI, and other stuff. Overall a great game thats worth a buy. And its better than Dark and light."
,Recommended,487120,33876171,Posted: 29 July,all,Ryscir,"As long as your willing to be patient with the dumbest of bugs, glitches, and just mechanics problems in general, this game is great. Good atmosphere, world, and great content. Frustratingly addicting."
76561197990874648,Recommended,487120,33892797,Posted: 29 July,all,Drogon The Friendly Dragon,"This is a fun game, still a lot of issues. the game itself is enjoyable to play. Hopefully they fix it up soon. sometimes it's so laggy the game in un-playable. I hope to see this game thrive because it's loads of fun."
76561198078889251,Recommended,487120,33893817,Posted: 29 July,all,5starjack,Good concept and great potential.Would be Harry Potter again.
,Recommended,487120,33892804,Posted: 29 July,all,Captian Anul,"Great game no complaints except they should add a big main city so you can buy stuff and trade with people, and also so player guilds can take it over and rule. Another gripe is that you can't carry your character over to other servers which is kinda bad because if your server gets shut down your just out of luck, and have to join a new server where other player play who didnt lose their characters and they can just bully you around. I hope they let you carry it over for balancing issues and for the players benefit cause if you sink hours into one character and they are just stuck on a server thats no fun at all."
,Recommended,487120,33893675,Posted: 29 July,all,Reuqnoc,"As I've just purchased Citadel and had less than 2 hours of gameplay I'd like to post my personal review on it!First impressionsCharacter Custmization: Kind of bland but more than gets the job done in my eyes.Player & Menu UI: Not an awful lot to look at but laid out nicely for it's purpose.Combat: I personally love the combat! I had slight issues with lag in the beginning but it smoothed itself out and I really like the feel of it!Crafting: I didn't get into this area to much other than my weapons, armor and potions but it seems like it's set up very well, not much of a grind to get a good amount of vials early on.Building: Feels very good, only thing I'd personally like to see is being able to add steps to the foundation, when i built my house it was only lifted a tiny bit from the ground and I had to awkwardly jump into the door way to get in.Overall, I can't wait to see where the game goes and I will go on to enjoying it and hopefully getting into the PvP aspect very soon!"
,Recommended,487120,33894155,Posted: 29 July,all,SchroederQ,"WARNING: THIS GAME IS IN EARLY ACCESSLike any early access games, it lacks the entrirety of the game. DUH.HOWEVER. I will say that with only 12-13 hours into this game, I have to admit it is quite fun and in-depth. The building system is clunky, but placement and other things is extremely smooth. Base raiding is fair and makes sense. This is a ""survivial"" game like ARK: Surivial Evolved, Conan Exiles, etc. but set in a ""wizard/Harry Potter/Lord of the Rings"" type fantasy open world. The combat is point and click, but quite fun. Taming creatures is awesome, Gathering is repetetive, like in all of these games, but has cool mechanics.I personally hope to see more armor types and gear sets in the future. I also would love to see some of the weapon types balanced as I really like the ""Gauntlet"" spells, etc, but it seems weak in the beginning as staff seems to be the only way to really go.I would say, that for 20 dollars, this game, with what it offers right now, is definitely worth it.PLAYING THIS TYPE OF GAME WITH FRIENDS WILL ALWAYS BE BETTER. I've played solo for my entire time so far up to this review and it has been a bit slow. Once you hit level 10 on a server, you can get a broom and fly around. Flying opens the world up quite a bit for more exploration.LEVELING IS A BIT SLOW. But I look forward to each level as there is new stuff to learn how to do or gear to equipt, or spells to gain.I RATE THIS GAME A SOLID 8.69/10Definitely worth 20 dollars for an EARLY ACCESS game. If the dev's actually follow through on their promises. This game will be AWESOME."
,Recommended,487120,34172626,Posted: 11 August,all,-- SeeSor --,"What a great game, yes there are some bugs but it's early access. Really good fun and will only get better. Great Devs"
,Recommended,487120,33820891,Posted: 26 July,all,Biggus,Citadel: Forged with Fire is a refreshing take on a Sandbox RPG.As an Early Access Game I normally expect tons of bugs and glitches and even a bunch of gamebreaking ones. Asides from very minor ones I was able to play over 4 hours with no real issues. The game feels well build already and I really can't imagine what else is to come.Even without the huge disappointement that was DnL the game still is great. I've had a ton of fun building my first base and just exploring around me and learning new magics.There are obviously issues with it being Early Access but as it stands it is 100% playable for myself and many others.The Devs are absolutely fantastic. They want to build a game that their community wants and are actively communicating with us. So if you want a game that will be shaped by you and where your opininon matters give this game a try.10/10 great launch for an Early Access.
,Recommended,487120,33820819,Posted: 26 July,all,Bean,Other than the dogshit servers things are looking up!
76561197990623720,Recommended,487120,33822112,Posted: 26 July,all,Mooty,It's nice to have big fat wand to spit my spells everywhere!Check this out!https://youtu.be/nadSoSWQYbA
,Recommended,487120,33822509,Posted: 26 July,all,Bodean Abernathy II (Gray),Currently this game is under heavy development.  I will start with the cons firstCONS:    1: The only grinding part about this game is the leveling.  Building and crafting is not hard at all but those who played games like ARK and had 20x gathering/XP will find this game impossible2: Gathering near the spawn points is a bit glitchy but once you leave it you will have no problemsPROS1: Large Map2: Interesting Mechanics3: Fairly decent content for a game that just came outI cannot think of anymore off the top of my head but I assume you get my point.  Gathering is pretty good not too hard again the only hard thing is leveling.  For those who say this game has no tutorial follow the glowing blue stones in the spawn and read what they say.  Also read all descriptions for everything in the game and you should be good. Good luck
76561197996014509,Recommended,487120,33822655,Posted: 26 July,all,Floaki,"So far so good. One thing that I have noticed is how much Blue Isle Studios are trying to help shape this game around its players and communicate as efficiently as possible. People need to learn about EA and what that actually means, an EA title should be about 70% finished and spent the rest of EA trying to shape it to what the player base wants. So far this game is extremely fun and addictive, there is already a great deal of content in the game and some awesome design decisions that will hopefully lead to a fun end game even after countless hours of playing. The game also has the foundations to build a bigger setting for it and I for one want to be a part of this journey cause the direction they are going with this game is something I can get behind."
,Not Recommended,487120,33978864,Posted: 2 August,all,TonsilTickler,The game is OK. It has a pretty decent size world for the number of players in it (total of 40 per server but not many servers actually house 40 people at a time. Usually only 10 on each server). The spells are very limiting in the fact that you have to put most level up points into mana to be able to continuously use them. Along with that you'll need to spend a lot of time running through the forest gathering plants to create mana and health potions since getting hit will take away most of your health in one hit if not straight up kill you and most spells will destroy your mana and cause you to constantly be drinking mana potions.Weight is another problem in this game as you will have to level that up first so then you will be able to carry a sufficient amount of potions because early on in game you need potions to survive the starting enemies. You also won't be able to carry any materials around if you don't level up you weight capacity first. The xp for killing any level monster doesn't really seem that different. I killed a lvl 34 ogre and got some 540 xp and killing 1 lvl 10 wolf got me around 140 xp. seems like a big difference but not really when in the time I took to kill the one ogre I could have killed 20 wolfs at least.The base building is alright and raiding would be a problem but once again weight limit causes anyone who raids you to have to grab a few items then run back to their base and deposit what they stole and then come back to grab more but all the resources people steel can be aquired extremely easy so its not that big of a problem if you loose some items as 15 min of game play can get you most of what you lost.BE WARNED THAT IF YOU JUMP FROM ALMOST ANY HEIGHT YOU WILL TAKE A FAIR AMOUNT OF DAMAGE. you can slide down mountains and take no damage but if you fall without sliding then you will take between 10% to all of your health in damage. For instance from the middle spawn location you could be running down the hill and jump a little and the height you jump is not big but upon landing you'll take around 10% of your health in damage. It's stupid and it should be fixed.Lastly I just want to say that this game is Early Access so if you think you don't mind waiting for better gameplay and mechanics then wait as it may be a while until that happens.If you do end up buying this game no that there are some big bugs in it. just a few days ago none of the enemies attacked back. I explored the entire map on my broom and killed some big baddies because I could sit there and spam magic at them as they did nothing to attack back. When you spawn in it'll put you at the beginning spawn zone and after a few seconds it will jump you to your last position and if you are in a building then theres a chance that the doors might not load in until a couple min later so you might end up deleting a few walls to get out and rebuild them later.End result : go buy dark and light as that seems more fleshed out and woth the money. I don't own it but gameplay of dark and light looks way better then this game.
76561198165109523,Not Recommended,487120,33919289,Posted: 30 July,all,Jefe,"I've played this game every day upon release & now since they ""FIXED"" the server issue I cannot get onto my server US EAST 38! Its very annoying because I do not want to restart all over on another server! Im level 30 and this is B.S. I cannot get my money back and this game is nothing but trash. Its buggy, turrents dont shoot people, you can exploit and get to max level, the abilities are glitchy, sound its glitchy, not 60fps. They literally put out garbage. I'd rather the team wait to put this out and relase a respectable game. This is utterly disturbing if they feel this is a respectable product. I now understand why it was on sale and I'm not sure even being free would make the game worth it. There are many problems that are  being ""fixed"" but in reality only being exacerbated and annoying the community."
76561198019999814,Not Recommended,487120,35189483,Posted: 24 September,all,Saintpyro,"I really enjoyed the building the first bit of leveling. However, after grinding my way to top level my public server was shut down and I lost everything.  I get it I was probably finished for a while anyways as there is little to no end game content yet.  I would say this game has great potential but cannot recommend it just yet."
76561198125201458,Not Recommended,487120,34370481,Posted: 20 August,all,WE.Korosensei,"Its a great concept but just too many things missing... there are no real aim... No NPCs, quests, no challenging monster about 10 different types, building bases takes time, destroying it seconds lolJust need a lot of work."
76561198142254592,Recommended,487120,34091491,Posted: 7 August,all,THEREALKINGDOGE,"Very cool and fun game, could be a lot better for me, but my friends all have crappy pcs."
,Not Recommended,487120,33850680,Posted: 28 July,all,Spar,"http://imgur.com/a/TXTZz980ti + 6700k = 30fps no matter the graphic settings or resolution.Go on, tell me how it's my router that is causing me low fps or that my cat must've plugged in the wrong displayport cable to my graphics card or how my goldfish didn't install the correct drivers or how I'm supposed to magically optimize my PC because you don't know what that ♥♥♥♥ing word means.You ♥♥♥♥sticks need to actually be honest for once when it comes to these dogshit EA games. There's nothing wrong with liking ♥♥♥♥♥♥ things, I like plenty terrible games and movies. There is however something wrong with lying to people about how the♥♥♥♥♥♥that you like, that which obviously sucks megalodon sized♥♥♥♥♥♥ is somehow this incredible thing that everybody need to pay 18 euros for. I'd rather take 18 euros in coins and pelt you with them until one of them cracks your already deformed skull enough so that I can finally see if it's truly empty in there or if you just enjoy lying to people."
,Not Recommended,487120,33950999,Posted: 1 August,all,SwissRoll,"PROS: Fun with friends, 36Km map to explore, Lots of stuff to unlockCons: Constant Lag, Inactive devs, AMD cards dont work with this game right now, Loaded with bugs, not even ready for EA if you ask me, PVP is based on who has the lowest ping and who has the most mana/health potionsOverall - 4/10 The game has great potential but I am skeptical of it's current state, might just be a money grab.Wait until the official release to buy the game"
,Not Recommended,487120,33859668,Posted: 28 July,all,ManiacMal,"The game needs time to polish, exactly why it is in early access.  However as it is currently designed it will never work.  You level up to get knowledge points, unfortunately to craft anything you need to use knowledge points to unlock the ""blueprint"".  So you want to cast spells?  Wear armor? Have a weapon?  Knowledge points!  I think you can start to see the issue, it is incredibly boring to get going as when you level up you have to decide what is worth more of your time.  Once spent you need to gather or kill to get xp to get more knowledge points.  If the crafting stuff was out of the knowledge point section I think that improvement alone would help.  Because of this decision I have requested a refund as this is a fundamental gameplay design that I personally find annoying.To that point the game feels like a very unpolished Skyrim, if the gameplay system explained above would bother you as well I encourage you to stay away.  I was around level 7 when I got so bored I just shut it down, picking up sticks, rocks and gems for periods of time isn't what I want to do.  Rust already sapped me out of all that.With time I think it could become a great game, but I feel most people are infected with hype atm and not really seeing the underlining issues."
76561198125432848,Not Recommended,487120,33884543,Posted: 29 July,all,abdypus,"not the worst ea launch i've ever seen but not far from it, runs like dogshit i far exceed the max requirements and have to sit on med settings and barely getting steady 40fps, its buggy particle effects and bloom basically jus dont work on any sort of consitent basis, the graphics are decent and the mechanics are fine bit clunky but whatevs ea bluh bluh. but seriously so many ppl unable to play at all cos they have massive server issues logged 40 odd fatal errors before i got bored of logging them, it says i have like 5 hours in game that honestly an hour of play time max and that was on a custom server (like sp) which somehoiw runs even worse than the day one servers. like i said the game seems ok and the devs seem to be tryin to get it sorted but they released a small content update while half the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that bought the gme cant even play it,will change to positive review when all this ♥♥♥♥ery is sorted but at the moment id steer clear"
76561198071777441,Not Recommended,487120,33872920,Posted: 28 July,all,Iam_badger,Yet another early access cashgrab. I'll check back in six months.
,Recommended,487120,33824040,Posted: 26 July,all,Ghostrekt,"Hotfixed faster than DnLLoaded faster than DnLUI wasn't recycled from another gameSound wasn't recycled from another game""Houses"" weren't called ""Tribes""Code didn't call all creatures ""Dinos""Spawn didn't consist of screeching mouthbreathers10/10 would force a competitor to release early again"
,Not Recommended,487120,33982205,Posted: 2 August,all,+ｃｒｕｎｃｈａ,"Even with an amazing pc this game lags badly.  I refuse to play this, and refunded it."
76561198063306575,Not Recommended,487120,34528005,Posted: 27 August,all,Maleficarum,"This game would be great except for all the server crashes, Oh Yeah and the endless hours of matrial gathering to build a keep just to finally be able to log in after weeks of server crashes and have the keep be abandoned and all your mats gone to include the chests and forges and everything else you have to craft to store and use the mats that disappeared with the chests that you built. Don't waste a dime on this game you'll be aggrivated and sorry you wasted your time and money just to have everything disappear. Two thumbs down for this unstable piece of crap!!!!!!"
76561197985161095,Not Recommended,487120,34021017,Posted: 4 August,all,X.X.X,"If you like AI that stares at you aimlesy, this is the game for you.This game has potential, but is currently too unfinished, even by early access standars.Wait untill 2018, and then consider buying this game."
76561198107077462,Not Recommended,487120,33873264,Posted: 28 July,all,trioc,game crashes and theres no way to get unstuck
76561198271922051,Not Recommended,487120,34540261,Posted: 27 August,all,Kimmiko,"this game at first looks amazing,  yet the mechanics behind everthing is clunky,  extremely simple,  and feels as if meant for a five year old... the game as a whole is extremely unbalanced,  like spells for instance. being able to fly around and kill anything,  or the fact that pvp is nearly impossible as its to glitchy and extremely difficult to attack other players... A.I is buggy at best if present,... the crafting system leaves much to be desired,  mainly from the fact that you can only create one item at a time and can't put up a que, but aside from all that the only real positive thing I'd have to say is that if you like playing with Legos,  or just like the building aspect of minecraft this is a good game for you as the buildings you can make are truly awe inspiring,... all in all i really hope this game sees major improvements, as i can no longer get a refund lol"
,Not Recommended,487120,33894825,Posted: 29 July,all,:Lacerator:,Can't run it above 20 fps on lowest settings with a gtx 960. Apparently after launch there was an update that quartered everyone's frames. Will repurchase when it becomes optimized enough to run.
76561197999371009,Not Recommended,487120,33890940,Posted: 29 July,all,Lowkey,Game seems awesome if it worked. Struggled for 30 min to get it to function and never could. Refunded it. Bought this with 2 other friends who all had the same issue. We could never play together and it was a huge laggy mess.
,Not Recommended,487120,34002469,Posted: 3 August,all,JamingAF,"I was looking forward to playing this game, but when I got it, I realized that the game servers are ♥♥♥♥ing horrible. My specs are pretty good, but my computer still was trash at loading the game. Maybe because this is an early access game, its not good. In conclusion, DO NOT BUY BEFORE OFFICIAL RELEASE!!!!!"
,Recommended,487120,33972742,Posted: 2 August,all,Envert,¯\_(ツ)_/¯
76561198157328172,Recommended,487120,33818430,Posted: 26 July,all,Scotty,perfect game dont listen to all the other idiots on here who are writing negative things for attentionThis game is great and runs very smooth.From Casting flames to gathering stone to killing dragons if you like a mythical game with a grinding aspect then this is for youBe advised. VERY grindy. Slow to level up. Die easily (But that just makes it more fun)It's alot of fun.Specs.1060 - 6 GBi5-6600k - 4.2ghz (overclocked)8 GB GDDR4 RAMAnd I get a solid 60 on the highest graphics no joke.
76561198006112986,Not Recommended,487120,33927788,Posted: 31 July,all,[npk] Baphometslayer,Fix Telekinesis and I'll give game a worthy review?But for now? Dozens of hours of work just f*cking gone in a matter of minutes.Thanks but no thanks - uninstalled
76561198396400363,Recommended,487120,33836351,Posted: 27 July,all,Soldeerbout23,good
76561197993210359,Recommended,487120,33836253,Posted: 27 July,all,Bobert,Tiiiiiteee
,Not Recommended,487120,34138362,Posted: 9 August,all,Merz,"no framerate, no problem..."
,Recommended,487120,34066574,Posted: 6 August,all,♛Tokyo S> Glock Fade,I love dying to a level 30
76561198025172555,Recommended,487120,33913775,Posted: 30 July,all,Tricky Fast,"Game Idea______________________ 9/10Current Game Mechanics_____________7/10Personal Fun Level With It ATM_______6.5/10Dev diligence in addressing issues______9/10Potential______________________9.5/10Current Game Stability_____________5.5/10but I dont have the best ISP,only 8gb ram but does run well when it doesn't crash.Overall Rating 7/30/2017__________7.7/10"
76561198079632407,Not Recommended,487120,33982404,Posted: 2 August,all,DrGrif,"I know its EA and its only been out a couple days blah blah blah, but... Game still blows, nothing to do but get more xp from spitting fire balls at mobs while running/hovering/standing on something or mass crafting. Maybe break into somebody elses♥♥♥♥♥♥shack while they aren't on to steal their grind. Oh yeah, or tame a creature of sorts.Doesn't take much to see nothing new, I've already played Ark/Rust/etc.. just another grind except the combat is arguably worse.Didn't even mention all the bugs and glitches but you can look at other reviews to see complaints about those, I'm just talking about the actual ♥♥♥♥ing gameplay, which is literally just standing there shooting something for xp, maybe strafing to the left or right a little bit if its ranged.Hell! At least throw some lore out in the world since its a fantasy setting..inb4 the salty ♥♥♥♥s say I have only 2 hrs of play time."
,Recommended,487120,33868977,Posted: 28 July,all,[NFG] RSTV.GAMING,Not a bad game I like the leveling system and talent system for unlocks. Seems like a decent game so far.
76561198015628374,Recommended,487120,33882737,Posted: 29 July,all,Hydroxylysine glycosides,"The game is just unplayable in any official servers. The lagg is so big that if you want to collect something and you go closer and try to grab it, it disappears after 10 sec, because someone already looted 10 minutes ago :) You also can't kill anything because of the same reason. It's seems like the developers run the servers from their basement with an isdn net. The server refresh and favourite server option and server filters also not working. I would also recommend a ""I'm stuck"" button on the menu , which teleports you back in the safe zone. The game seems to be really good, once you can play :))"
,Not Recommended,487120,33893194,Posted: 29 July,all,WindraX,"A Rust clone with wizards instead of cavemen that is filled with bugs and laggy to the point of making you feel like you are playing on a Commodore 64 hooked up on a phone line.Has potential, time will tell.-Refunded until it gets better-"
,Not Recommended,487120,33893440,Posted: 29 July,all,Dash,"I have high hopes for this game but, for now, I can't recommend it. Mainly because I can't seem to find a way to get the game into a consistently playable state.Changing graphical options seemed to have utterly random effects on my framerate. Turning ON vSync would sometimes boost the framerate and no exclusive fullscreen mode seemed to be available. The sliders didn't even seem to make a difference, at times I was getting lower frame-rates with settings on minimum compared to when the settings were higher.I really hope to see this game make progress, but for now I cannot recommend it at all."
76561198006213695,Not Recommended,487120,33893545,Posted: 29 July,all,Cooika,Nope nope nopeSame as with other earlys like this it bugs like hell low frame rates and it can/will take  years before a handfull of bugs are fixedSTAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME TRUST ME
,Not Recommended,487120,34198530,Posted: 12 August,all,Butterscotch Bunny,"Early Acces Review - 8/12/2017Citadel: Forged with First is a wizard themed sandbox game that lets you build castles, tame animals, fly, pvp, but not much else. While I enjoy building in this game I cannot recommend it in its current state.The game is very poorly optimized, I run on a gtx 970 and even on the lowest setting the game can not maintain 30fps, and some players with 1080's have performance problems, which is completely unacceptable.There are also countless bugs that make the game frustraiting or even unplayable. While they should be expected in a early access title obvious ones, such as the server list not functioning properly, should have been fixed before the game went into the early access program.I do not beleive the player base is substainable considering the state of the game, and blue isle studios may have missed there chance at a successful start up by going into early access before the game was ready.The combat in the game needs a lot of work. Many spells don't work at all, or are unbalanced, and the game only lets you use two hotkeys per weapon, making your combat options feel very limited, and breaks the pace of the game if you have to go through menu's to change spells in the middle of combat.Building is fairly enjoyable and works on a grid system where peices snap into place, This can create some nice looking houses but limits your options of where to place objects and walls. Scaffolding and supports are built autimatically when you place a floor peice, however they will often be done in a way that is visually unapealing or hangs above terrain, and can be frustraiting to touch up. Anything that can be angled in different directions is difficult to place, instead of a key to rotate it, the direction is based on what part of the tile you are looking at, and feels very clunky."
76561198102743906,Recommended,487120,33892559,Posted: 29 July,all,MajorSurrender,"Verdict: PositiveScore as of review: 76/100Citadel: Forged with Fire is obviously not a finished product. It's rough around the edges and there are numerous points to be adressed before even getting to new content.But first and formost, after reading plenty of the reviews on here, I feel compelled to state that this is NOT A SURVIVAL GAME in the way people expect it to be (In fact I don't personally qualify it as one).A large quantity of people have expected this to be rust, with magic. It's not. it's more akin to Reign of Kings with magic, and actually a large room for expansion on the concept. The game is freshly released, a little buggy, there are some latency issues, and its slow on basic exp rates.The game feels very slow as a solo player. and some of the crafting paths feel like they're trying to encourage group play. (like needing to unlock the forge, to unlock the crafting bench, to craft the brromstick you also unlocked, when if you take 1 point wrong you'll have to wait till lvl 11 to craft the daft thing) and gathering, even with the spell seems slow unless theres atleast 2 of you. You also can't place things like the forge or the chests etc, against diagonal walls. encouraging you to build purely square buildings. but due to my next point the speed seems somewhat justified:this isn't the kind of game where you're encouraged to hop servers every time you die. this isn't rust.This has massive potential, and while I do find the graphical set backs for some to be an issue (After seeing Ser Winter play the game in its full graphical beauty; I run Specs that should allow me to benchmark all settings on high, but have to play with everything on low, except texures which are on high, otherwise the game leaks video memory like a mother ♥♥♥♥er and crashes), I think in the coming weeks alot of the issues that jump to mind will have been patched and resolved (Its been 3 days and we've gotten 3-4 patches already for issues put forward)TL:DR// the game is definitely more fun with friends or in a group, if a bit slow to start. combats buggy, some connection issues for some, but wait a week or two and its more than worth buying."
76561198038462174,Not Recommended,487120,33916006,Posted: 30 July,all,Ironmann199,"could be good but needs a lot of work, doesnt run that well, low fps"
76561198012610173,Not Recommended,487120,34037376,Posted: 5 August,all,Genoscythe,"Disclaimer: Yes, I know it's EA. however I review a game for what it currently offers, not for promises or potential.Now, Citadel tries to break out of the mass of survival-sandbox action games by being less survival-y and trying to concentrate on building and combat instead of pushing a button to sate your hunger and thirst every 20 minutes.However, the game is quite barebones at the moment, unbalanced and really presents some barebones game machanics that, if not worked on and refined properly, will make the game go down the same direction as ARK.Survival: Now this is up to you, but I enjoy not having to eat or drink or being affected by temperature.Combat: Easily the weakest part of the game as of now. Everyone is a mage by default, making it less cool to be a mage and has four weapon trees, each one with its own spell tree and some universal utility spells. Each weapon can be imbued with 2 spells, which is not enough. Weapons unlocked from level 1 to 60 are just pure upgrades of one another, not really giving you another possibility than to equip exactly said weapon to become stronger. Spells are kinda just the standard stuff, hurl fireballs, shoot an energy ray or spam magic missiles, the obligatory meteor drop comes at the end. A normal combat situation looks like this: You safespot the incredibly HP-spongy enemies from a safe distance by spamming a spell and gulping down mana potions. Combat is really boring. There's also a melee tree which is completely useless as you have to go close distance and will inevitably get wiped. You also can't attack flying enemies, f*cking you over double as bad.World: The world is pretty big but does not contain any interesting spots as of now. It's two types of biomes, magic forest and snow and everything looks almost the same on end end on than map than on the other. Caves are all the same, contain some standard enemies and useless loot (which you can't even use most of the time).Progression: Another big gripe. You get minimal EXP out of harvesting stuff and much more for killing enemies of course. However this game still feels like a korean MMO even with 5x EXP multiplier. You unlock a new spell every 10-15 levels, all armor and weapons unlocked in a higher level are just pure upgrades and do not introduce any new mechanics. Leveling up is a boring, tedious task. Also, equipment has LEVEL REQUIREMENTS, meaning you have to grind your way up to use the good stuff. This makes PvP horribly unbalanced and givesn o motication to loot a higher level cave because you won't be able to use the equipment anyway.Building: Quite basic, I noticed that this game has NO lighting system, so placing torches will apparently not illuminate dark areas. You have the simple stone, wood and heavy standard building parts and the crafting stations and defenses.Summing it all up I kinda regret buying this game right now. You can clrearly see that the devs have tried to sell the basic and unvaried content they have as a whole game but there's not enough content and the rough edges are just too apparent.Now, I am really happy to see that they are on top of the community and I hope to see awesome updates in the future. There is a lot to be done though:Minor gripes:- Animations of enemies are horrible, they don't telegraph attacks and just move in a weird way- AI is even worse than the animations- Lag, nuff saidAs with a lot of EA games, the ideas and promises are great, but it is still to be seen if they finally make something of it.Until now, don't buy. I think it's gonna be in EA at least for a year more so you can get it at a reduced price every time. But if you want to spend quality time here I advise you to go somewhere else."
76561197984288668,Not Recommended,487120,34130059,Posted: 9 August,all,shinma22,"I want to like this game, I really really do.  Sadly though, in 5 nights, I have had to join 6 different servers, as the next day the previous server is no longer around.  To make things works, the server selection screen is completely broken.  It does not show you history, it does not show you favorites, it really is mostly worthless except for the Internet and refresh options.Please fix this stuff so that the game can be enjoyable.  Having to start over, EVERY SINGLE TIME, is just not fun.  Until this is fixed, there is no way I can recommend this game."
76561197995246538,Not Recommended,487120,34227586,Posted: 13 August,all,SeattleSciren,"I wish I could write a review..so far the game constantly locks up or crashes. I do realize its an ""early access Alpha"" but can't log in to even test for bugs.. I've alpha and beta tested dozens upon dozens of games over the years...at least I could get ON those games.."
76561198087095611,Not Recommended,487120,33971724,Posted: 2 August,all,BrokenSol,Server stability needs more work. Optimization issues need to be addressed. A.I. is pretty bad. Hitboxes are weird. Save your money until the game gets much needed updates and patches. Worth following though.
,Not Recommended,487120,33966528,Posted: 2 August,all,Keppah,"Seemed like a nice game but i can't even change my movement keys... I have an AZERTY-board, which is very hard to move if you can't bind the keys to your own likings.Maybe is this if fixed i'll try it again, for now I will request a refund."
76561198042399740,Not Recommended,487120,34070990,Posted: 6 August,all,MagGame,"The game looks nice on the outside.. and it ends there ( at least for now ). Like any other game of this style its a farm, kill, level up game. It is more simple, however, than most of this type. There are very few different types of npc mobs in the game and there are barely more types of resources in the game. Where this game is currently failing is NO customer support, NO clear vision, NO end game, NO servers that can stay up and stable. NO one to send you back lost items ( from crashing over and over and over and over and over and over ). I log in daily just to see if the servers are even playable and i play on one of the official ones. Logged in again today. hopped off my mount, got thrown 200ft up in the air, landed and died. This time it was at my castle at least so i could get my items back for once. Until they make this Alpha testing game more stable stay the hell away from it. Matter of fact just dont buy into Early Access games every."
,Not Recommended,487120,33929751,Posted: 31 July,all,Sean,"I got this game after watching Cohhcarnage play it on twitch. It seemed like a fun, new version of rust with a few twists to make it more interesting. However, the framerate is difficult to get over 50fps and even then it drops constantly causing unbearable stutters. I have an i7-7700k cpu and a GTX 1060 8gb GPU. 250gb of SSD and 1tb of HDD with 16gb of RAM. In all honesty, I should be able to run this game smoothly, but that simply isnt the case. This alone is enough to cause me to throw the game in the trash, however, it isnt even fun. The only real twist the game adds to the genre is that you can fly around on a broom stick. It was fun for about 30 minutes, but once I figured things out and built a small house, I saw little reason to expand and explore. Servers are small and laggy, there are no official servers outside of the West coast of US and the player-made servers barely have anyone in them. Overall, this game is no where near what I thought it'd be. I usually give Early-access games time to breath before I give up on it, but this is one of the worst I have ever seen."
,Not Recommended,487120,33987628,Posted: 3 August,all,Rick Sanchez,"Has potential but too many game-breaking bugs right now, if you invest time in it expect your progress to be wiped at some point with no recourse."
,Recommended,487120,33817768,Posted: 26 July,all,LT Tan,"Super fun, but my game continaully crashes."
76561198110700088,Recommended,487120,33817714,Posted: 26 July,all,Bamf,Good game
76561197976090763,Recommended,487120,33986506,Posted: 2 August,all,Kakashi (Brazz),its the first and only true Open World Harry Potter
,Recommended,487120,33987001,Posted: 3 August,all,Mr Grim,"Great game, few bugs but that's what you expect from an early access game"
76561198265126590,Recommended,487120,33842790,Posted: 27 July,all,KIRA,The game Feels like Elder Scrolls Online mixed with Rust and im addicted.
76561198135159685,Recommended,487120,33842824,Posted: 27 July,all,Dennybo,Needs some server and game optimization max of 40 players per server but the game is quite enjoyable.
,Not Recommended,487120,34134298,Posted: 9 August,all,「maze」#Overhyped! | hellcase.com,"Good game, loved that principe. But Updates are making the game more broken then it actually was.The best version of this game was the beta.Many Official Server's which supposed to be the BEST  ones aren't able to join or stuck at 75% load.FPS is wayne i was accepting already 18 fps at this game, but not unable Server to join. Can't build my Base forward. GGFix that And Thumbs up."
76561198144265685,Not Recommended,487120,33936631,Posted: 31 July,all,b.pegg,"why is it so difficult to make games compatible with windows 10? jesus christ, i cant even enter a server without it crashing; i havent been able to play"
76561197985610078,Not Recommended,487120,33915681,Posted: 30 July,all,TheBandit586,I understand this is an early access game but come on... beta should have given you guys enough time to fix the servers. wont be playing till i can be on for more then 2-3 hours without everything vanishing.
,Recommended,487120,34015329,Posted: 4 August,all,RalfZ,Gud gmae
76561198006862468,Recommended,487120,34357877,Posted: 19 August,all,Eyndra,"I'm running an $1800 rig with this game, and on all low settings sometimes in combat my framerate will drop to 2-3. Mobs are laggy, even in custom games, and can hit you well beyond the reach of their weapons. This game is however early access, and has a tremendous amount of potential; that is all you're paying for however. This game is currently in the state of a woeful lack of polish globally, as there are far too many gameplay complaints to count. With all this being said, the game in its current state is a trainwreck and is not worth playing. It has a great deal of potential and 6 months from now might be a must-buy gem. 3/10 currently, 10/10 for the concept platform."
76561198052235466,Recommended,487120,33820041,Posted: 26 July,all,Liber01,"Hello Blue Isle !CONGRATULATIONS !You create a very very good MMOG-Survival Game !I never thought this will be such a great start in to EA :DServer might be still a little bit overloaded and lagging a little bit. I was not able to join an official PvP Server so i did choose one of those many other private PvP Servers without increased droprates or xp gain.I recommend this game to everyone who like survival games and i recommend to believe in Blue Isle Studio. Many other Studios should take a part of this great job they did for a EA game !1. Graphic is stabil and very nice to look at it and makes exploring the world much more interested !2. Skills are very cool to learn.3. Build-Mode is very easy to use and makes even complicated constructions easy to build.4. Sound is great but still little bit buggy sometimes :)Cons:1. I did not explored the whole world now, but it seems that there are not soo much different creatures2. At the moment creatures are not attacking you due an update bug. (Hope it will be solved asap)3. I did not reach lvl 60 but it looks like there are not sooo much special things to craft. (Hope Blue Isle will add many more cool things in it) :)So far so good !BUY IT ! AND SUPPORT A GREAT CANADIAN STUDIO !"
76561198138057233,Recommended,487120,33907871,Posted: 30 July,all,Kin,More like Citadel: Forged with Fall Damage. 10/10 After the servers are fixed 13/10
,Recommended,487120,34119881,Posted: 9 August,all,The Punisher,Fun stuff
76561197993489942,Not Recommended,487120,34125112,Posted: 9 August,all,Kilgore,Good potential but  at this point verry rough even for a early acces game. The build systedm is nice but lacks the ability to carve the enviroment IE diging etc. Combat VS AI is just not good when it works at all there is limted NPC  and char animation. The server browser is not working as intended yet making it a pain to find the servers you play on.
76561198052722832,Recommended,487120,34063924,Posted: 6 August,all,Contage,"Overall fun game. I would not play at the moment though. Lag is terrible, and is sometimes game breaking. Items will just suddenly dissapear from the map because their non-existence has not been comunicated to the server yet.Probably most annoying is the ease of destroying structures. I spent 10 whole hours building a really cool and interesting  castle, even quadrule tiered the throne room from every side, and a couple of high levels came by last night and utterly dismantled and destroyed the huge sprawling base I made in a matter of a few minutes. Oh well, hopefully structures will be harder to take down in the future.Verdict: good game, but wait a few months for the devs to fix and balance their game."
,Not Recommended,487120,34421825,Posted: 22 August,all,considercows,Cant even open the game. Depressing.
76561198268270892,Not Recommended,487120,33919862,Posted: 30 July,all,호에에에엥,Please make official server
76561198011062426,Not Recommended,487120,33887442,Posted: 29 July,all,wildcat_118,Game looks pretty but that's it.The Developers should have not released this for Early Access.Riddled with bugs and errors. Emergency patches break more than fix.
,Recommended,487120,33857511,Posted: 28 July,all,supernick02,"i have seen alot of people asking ""should i get Citadel: forged with fire or Dark and Light?"" and im here with an answer, citadel."
76561198110577450,Recommended,487120,35450608,Posted: 3 October,all,Andy the Marmos,No player .....this is the biggest issue .....if u don't mind BUY IT .....if u have friends to play with BUY IT .....its a nice game  .
76561198368895801,Not Recommended,487120,33983836,Posted: 2 August,all,Life?,instead of adding new creatures and items how about you work on fixing the SERVER CONNECTION PROBLEMS since everytime you guys update the gamne theres a connection problem and no one can join a server and explore the new items and monsters so i mean get it together its ridiculous. Its really angering because it taking gameplay from people like me who want to PLAY the game instead of lagging out and not being able to connect cause of your updates. FIX IT YOU PUT IT OUT FOR BETA ATLEAST HAVE THE TIME TO MAKE THE GAME PLAYABLE AND RELEASE THE ADDONS OR YOUR UPDATES WHENN IT COMESS OUT FULLYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
76561198100091695,Not Recommended,487120,34062043,Posted: 6 August,all,Kosher,"Poorly optimized. It might be good in the future but as of now it feels very bad,"
76561198297181595,Not Recommended,487120,34062746,Posted: 6 August,all,tchallenger82,"ok so been playing a couple of days and so far had mixed thoughts, there are some good aspects to the game like the base building and pve combat although it would be nice to have more than 2 spells to cast at a time unless you change weapons which gives you two more. the creatures are quite cool but there are definately alot more needed and the tamimg is a bit pants, just a case of pacify them and name them then theyre yours for an hour or more with skills in the taming tree. with a bit more polish and more content the game could be quite good but so far id only give a 6/10. also the servers are getting a bit annoying now, you start playing then 20 mins later it will pop up with server issues kicking you back to main menu, then its a case of rinse and repeat"
76561198145853161,Not Recommended,487120,34449339,Posted: 23 August,all,HitsLikeDab,"Dreary ugly world with ♥♥♥♥ all to do, If I wanted Arks ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ little brother I'd of rather got Dark & Light! Returning before my 2 hours is up."
,Not Recommended,487120,34063095,Posted: 6 August,all,Joe Zombie,"Here's a short review to reflect the small amount of time I've spent with this game:A lot of work needs to be done. This game is still very clearly in its alpha stage, and content is lacking. I have a fairly high-end PC yet I still get around 20FPS on the lowest settings. Not good. The grind is very real and, due to the little amount of any real content, you are reduced to the montony of killing mobs or crafting in order to level up.The building system is easy, fun, and the best part of the game right now. I've seen some very cool structures on my server from creative wooden homes to sprawling stone castles. Another neat aspect of the game is the ability to fly with the aid of tamed beasts, broomsticks, or potions. The fun stops there however because flying drains your mana far too quickly. This prevents you from exploring the world from above at a leisurely pace. What a bummer.Despite my negativity I think this game has a great deal of potential. We will see how it holds up six months from now."
,Not Recommended,487120,33928200,Posted: 31 July,all,Smokin_Zero,"so, I did put 30h into this game on a private 1x rate PvP server with 20 slots.general:the game is basically similar to rust or other survival games without the need to constantlysupply your character with food, water or other things. you don´t have stamina so you canrun and explore as much as you want. the two resources you manage are mana and health.for both you mainly use potions to refill which you can craft by picking up flowers and stuff.all in all the basic principals are easy and simple but after playing a lot of super micro managmentsurvival games like ARK or Dark&LIght I kinda felt that this was a positive thing to mention.it makes the game less stress about staying alive.regarding skills its a basic RPG thingy, level up, unlock stuff in a talent tree and so on.that´s basically it. no story so far etc.graphics:gtx1070, 16gb ram, ssd, i5 core.. everything on epic and running with 30fps (if no other players are around), dropping to 10 fps at times and going to have constant 15fps if you play in a dense populated area.gameplay:farm resources, level up, tame stuff (max 4 tames, which sucks), build a house etc.nothing special but gameplay is positivly addicting and straight forward really good. collision detection is perfectly fine and the gameplay feels smooth with some early access exceptions like managing inventory of tames etc.now, why did I rate this negative?first of all I did spend about 20h of the 30h to build a massive stone castle which got destroyed by another player within 1h by just removing my throne (well protected, but doesn´t matter) and then just placing his throne and going into the builder menue deleting everything that I have spend time on.yeah, pvp, I know humans are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s but the game makes it super easy for grief players to satisfy theirbroken sense of positive feelings by harming others. not recommended until they fix either telekinesisor base building without the stupid throne decay thing.I dislike enourmous to login every 10 days to keep my progression even in singleplayer (as far as I know).this is utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and is the same crap as ARK dinos starving while you are away.the animal variation is super limited, so you have fairy, elk, wolf, bear, orc, bigger orc, dragon, bigger dragon, zombie, demon, done. if you seen those there is no reason to venture through the whole lands, you don´t see more. oh, giant eagle flying in the sky, you might see one of those as well. overall underwhelming even for early access.bugs and stuff give it the rest why I overall tend to a negative review.with more time investment and some love the game could become good but for now it isclose to impossible to play with others in MP because of the easy griefing system even in PvE yourbase can be destroyed atm.I might change the feedback if I revisit the game later."
,Not Recommended,487120,33918250,Posted: 30 July,all,R.R. Foster,"No sensitivity slider, frequent crashes."
76561197971338589,Not Recommended,487120,34060959,Posted: 6 August,all,FuNkY MaNgO,Graphics are very poor on the highest settings and the game does not allow you to change the default game keys which is unaceptable when you are left handed. For these reasons I did not invest any more time in the game and am requesting a refund.
76561198038689828,Not Recommended,487120,33855481,Posted: 28 July,all,Excalibur Dragonbane,"Crashes, every time. Moderators deleted my thread requesting assistance. Awesome. Refunded. Don't let the door hit you in the♥♥♥♥♥on the way out boys, y'hear?"
76561198161305462,Recommended,487120,33815949,Posted: 26 July,all,ℂ𝙻𝙰ℝ𝙴𝙽ℂ𝙴,i love the concept its jaust so laggy like im playing on an average pc yet my frames just frop out it make it un playable. ime very♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off
76561197970535053,Not Recommended,487120,33940399,Posted: 31 July,all,kaldrin,"In the last decade or so we've entered an age where we pay for beta level or even late alpha games. I think this should stop. The game is not playable in its current form. It crashes every 20 mins. The framerate is terrible. Bugs are plentiful, but with a beta you would normally have a built-in way to report it. Not here.Don't give them any money until they ship a completed package."
,Not Recommended,487120,33837107,Posted: 27 July,all,fat loser,"Every single server suffers from horrendous lag, making the game completely unplayable."
,Recommended,487120,33816069,Posted: 26 July,all,Jeremy™,Amazing Game!!! Played over 12 hours in the beta & it was amazing and it is even better now! Should Buy
,Not Recommended,487120,33998052,Posted: 3 August,all,Necrostatix,"All servers were wrong versions. There was no new update.After I had finally found a server I could get on, with the current version and not a password. I quickly found the game to be very poorly optimised,  On highest settings I get around 40FPS with drops to 15 FPS. with the lowest settings I get like 50FPS to 15FPS. And those are the max FPS it would hit. And always bounce between that.For some reason the very first enemy I encounter is a way higher level, which resulted in my immediate demise. Had to respawn and walk back, collect items again.After finally getting the items needed to get a hatchet, I created one. But to my surpise I couldn't even chop a tree (seeing as you need wood to build).The world feels dead, it has nothing special.After that, with the poor FPS I decided to refund this game."
,Not Recommended,487120,33877421,Posted: 29 July,all,D@weCZ,"Played just 1,5 hours and ... not recommending. First several fails when connecting to servers, then started somewhere in the woods, crafted some axe, died because of +10 lvl orc, grinded some mushrooms, died because of +10 lvl bear, found abandoned house, crafted some rags, killed orc and bear, died because of +30 lvl forest giant. Lots of lags and stucked spells.I understand that this is just alpha stage, but asking for money for that? Sorry, but not recommended for 20 EUR. Just asked for the refund. Give it for free or for 5 EUR to help with testing, but don't expect people play in this stage."
,Not Recommended,487120,34111749,Posted: 8 August,all,Nuke,"1. Poor UI.2. Game is absolutely dead.3. Server list is tremendously buggy.4. Load times are abysmal.5. Game lags at the most unnecessary times.6. Visual quality of the game is absurdly garbage.7. Another game where you cant have spaces in your name.8. Cinematic effects while in first person are not required, not sure why there's so much of them.9. Motion blur is enabled by default, exists, and is still enabled in some capacity when the option is set to disabled.10. Game gives you no indication on what to do.11. Fall damage sometimes works. I jumped off a cliff and didn't die. Stepped off a rock, lost 60 HP.12. Immediately outside of the starting zone is higher leveled enemies that can kill you in 1-2 hits. Trying to hit them is almost impossible with the level of lag that the game has.Do not recommend. Refunded this with the amount of play time that is visible in this review.Will I change my review? Probably not. This game isn't redeemable."
,Not Recommended,487120,33883026,Posted: 29 July,all,Tsubasa Minoru,"After about half an hour of wondering around..Awesome singleplayer, sub par multiplayer, would be a lot of fun if your were playing with a group of friends maybe. The server systems are especially clunky, structured more like selecting a server in an unpolished Garry's Mod than any other game.This is an Early Access title, I get that it's not going to be perfect. UE4 isn't exactly the best engine either.The graphics can look nice but only if you've got the hardware for it. A GTX 1050 is pretty much going to have to have everything on low but I kind of expected that.Gameplay is fun, sort of like Skyrim as advertised. Of course the enemy AI leave something to be desired as they don't even react to your attacks most of the time.It's hard to recommend it for the $20 discounted price I bought it at, let alone the $25 full price tag. If this were to come down I'd have an easier time recommending it, this game has potential, just not yet. Of course the game's been out for two days at the time of writing this so much of what I said I feel is subject to change.This game has the potential to be good, but right now it's just not that great of a game. But again, it's in Early Access ¯\_(ツ)_/¯Written 07/29/2017"
76561198157644112,Not Recommended,487120,34157415,Posted: 10 August,all,Walfie,"A lot of great aspects, many bugs.I take issue with the leveling design. You have no chance of fighting higher level players. So when your base is getting attacked by those players... there goes all your hard work. It is designed to be a grind until you get up to their level, sucks.My story:I spent a week with some friends building an epic base and what not. Honeycombed to hinder raiders. Well that mean't nothing to the players twice our level. They were not even interested in the loot, only in destroying the base. We hid the throne quite well, but when getting through wood and stone is nothing they will find it. They did and simply deleted the entire base. All the while I did what I could to stop them... truly helpless and completely unenjoyable. So what do you do with a game that is no longer fun, uninstall."
,Not Recommended,487120,33938447,Posted: 31 July,all,Roadhouse,Dog ♥♥♥♥
76561198023727601,Not Recommended,487120,33952721,Posted: 1 August,all,Deaden,Game isn't MMO. (mmo servers have a purpose. In this game there is not!) If you play Rust this game just improvement for you.Game isn't Skyrim.If you are casual player this game is not for you.Don't get be deceived by those images and videos. They are not even close to reality when you play.
,Not Recommended,487120,34862644,Posted: 10 September,all,Ephixia,"Games population seems to be dwindling. Lots of 12 year old idiots on it, Just snarky morons. Can't see the pop stats on community page....wonder why that is."
76561198352906580,Recommended,487120,33852645,Posted: 28 July,all,Andy Plays,WOW This game suprised me
,Not Recommended,487120,33893353,Posted: 29 July,all,Aaedyn,If people are crashing every ten minutes then it shouldn't even be released as an early access game. The fighting mechanics are very bad. I fight orcs who hit me without any animation.
,Not Recommended,487120,33939109,Posted: 31 July,all,Autismo,great game bones are there but the lag is unreal and unplayable
,Not Recommended,487120,33915871,Posted: 30 July,all,CBrukus,going to return it can't connect even with an Ethernet cable horrible experience
,Recommended,487120,33860985,Posted: 28 July,all,T.error,Dank AF
,Not Recommended,487120,33960731,Posted: 1 August,all,Sephy,"Simply unplayable, riddled with crashes to desktop and if you do manage to get the game running, the FPS is horrendous (like 10-15 fps) Interesting thing is, I get 10-15 fps whether I try running the game in the best graphics options available, or the worst. Simply no improvement on performance whatsoever, just less quality. So save your money until they fix their optimization issues which seem to be the case for most of the comments you'll see here. And knowing how ""early access"" games are these days, I would not be surprised if these issues are never addressed at all."
76561198328366205,Not Recommended,487120,34031111,Posted: 4 August,all,stevenskevina,your game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks i cant even play it..........
,Not Recommended,487120,34986532,Posted: 15 September,all,Shooter McGavin,runs like crap. i have a gtx 1080i 11gb and the game cant even reach 40 fps. it's a shame because the game seems quite fun and different.
76561198048095717,Not Recommended,487120,34296449,Posted: 16 August,all,Gruntle,meh
76561198106434470,Recommended,487120,33897538,Posted: 29 July,all,sharv1,"I love this game but if you want to wait for optimization then go ahed because the servers have alot of issues. With that being said, everything else looks really promising."
76561197999876703,Recommended,487120,33891975,Posted: 29 July,all,PNS Kid Eastwood,Please fix Ulta wide screen.. cant see search bar on Server selection...3440 X 1440
76561198058736974,Not Recommended,487120,33880311,Posted: 29 July,all,cAbb csgobig.com,Horrible optimization
76561197970294100,Not Recommended,487120,34601805,Posted: 30 August,all,Sin187,"I don't even know where to begin with this game, I had such high hopes for it when I first started but it turned out to be a complete waste of time..Absolutely nothing to do in the game, dead servers, low populations, items are broken, kill the same monsters at different lvls, nothing to look forward to, easily raidable..Items mean nothing, pvp is boring..Building massive bases is pointless and a waste of time. Half the spells are broken or dont properly work..Too many bugs and glitches that make you want to pull your hair out."
76561198180016090,Not Recommended,487120,33859613,Posted: 28 July,all,Soundwave71,"The game seems interesting and fun, but the overall performance is terrible. Frequent crashes, disconnections, and the framerate lags like a  *****. I'll keep following this, but as of now, it's nearly unplayable."
76561198010286969,Not Recommended,487120,33901703,Posted: 30 July,all,Zeddowns,"Crashed 5 times in the first 30 minutes on a strong graphic card, Literally unplayable."
,Not Recommended,487120,33975138,Posted: 2 August,all,John Flame,"The whole game feels empty and like it's missing something. I understand it's an early access game but I've played a lot of early access games none have ever been this lacking in content, the combat is pretty boring feels like magic in skyrim... but worse, also a lot of times I found myself sitting there with nothing to do and that isn't what is supposed to happen in a survival game. The only thing to do is build a house get basic crafting things then kill orcs, and the occasional player, until you have higher level spells so you can kill more orcs nothing much more than that right now. Another thing is in other magical fantasy games casting spells is fun and amkes you feel powerful, in this is just sort of feels like ""Bleh magic"" then the spell shoots out.I'd say wait for it to update (a lot) don't waste your time or money on this right now."
76561198128405111,Not Recommended,487120,33921324,Posted: 30 July,all,A Tortoise Named Billy,"Bad Game, nerdy freinds loved it, I didn't."
76561198256449052,Recommended,487120,34652445,Posted: 31 August,all,NinjaSloth,Nice
76561198124728809,Not Recommended,487120,33912186,Posted: 30 July,all,Muad'Dib,same♥♥♥♥♥♥like every other survival games. adding fancy magic thing doesnt change anything it sucks
76561198048580872,Recommended,487120,33986623,Posted: 2 August,all,DangerDan,Great game and patches buy it if you wanna invest your opinion on an amazing game.
,Not Recommended,487120,33922512,Posted: 31 July,all,Ninetythreex,"I love the game i just feel like it has no concept or depth. If they add an objective rather it be at night monsters and animals haunt you or something fun to give it something to work towards. I am at the point where i have almost everything and a mad base... but i am stuck at now what? If they add that ""Now what"" factor it would be ACE!!3/5 for me because i love the base building and farming, it also looks great.If they add the now what after you reach high status it would be 5/5."
76561197970504138,Not Recommended,487120,33872532,Posted: 28 July,all,Spahgette,"The trailers look cool, the game leaves an okay first impression.The actual game is nearly unplayable, half the spells don't hit anything, punching does more damage than a death ray and you literally have to spend about 30 minutes destroyed wood with a fire ray.Actually bad."
,Not Recommended,487120,33868612,Posted: 28 July,all,Randomplayer,"Maybe down the line it will be something, but for now just save your time."
76561198042736730,Recommended,487120,33875519,Posted: 29 July,all,PersonalBurgersBarb,This game is ♥♥♥♥♥in!!!!
,Recommended,487120,33896804,Posted: 29 July,all,John White,"a bit grindy game, but its fun if you play with friends. there were slow progress but surely will get use to it."
76561198011657297,Recommended,487120,33906967,Posted: 30 July,all,Scorpion,"Dam, this game just look and feel great !!!Graphic is amazing on everything....things you craft,build land, monsters. !! visual gem.The crafting system, spell system is Great.. !I have near all the survival game out there, and i missed a good mage survival of this caliber.. 'This game is worth much more then they ask for it. ..Conclution, this near impossible to get to, but this game is infact the best Survival game i played so fare.(the Fact it is a Mage fantasy game was really needed)I know the Monsters do not work yet(atleast do not attack me)Also there is the usual startup problems a early access game always have.. there is no reson to give bad review because of this, give it a chanse.The idea and potensial of this game is just Legendary."
,Recommended,487120,33875000,Posted: 29 July,all,Valence™,lit
76561198088949558,Recommended,487120,33890170,Posted: 29 July,all,God Emperor,U just need a super pc
,Recommended,487120,33896619,Posted: 29 July,all,DarkAngel,how in the hell do0 i start a new character on my server
,Not Recommended,487120,33886555,Posted: 29 July,all,Guy LaDouche,"this is the first time ive purchased a game (on Steam) and not be able to play it. i really wanted to play this game,unfortunately the server list dosnt load up and i keep gettting a fatal error when i create a game. im having to perform First time Setup everytime i start the game,hopefully this will get fix soon."
76561198032155234,Recommended,487120,33819931,Posted: 26 July,all,ExoDrazos,"Love this game, a lot better than DnL."
76561198411765376,Not Recommended,487120,34152409,Posted: 10 August,all,adamworks,No mobs attack me. Network games always lagging.
,Recommended,487120,33844549,Posted: 27 July,all,Vent3r,"Citadel: Forged with fire is what I can sum up in 2 words;Wizards and base building.The premise of the game is simple, you start of literally forged by some lava fountain with no items and you are free to do as you please.You harvest resource by picking up things and after a while you gain the ability to extract resources from trees and rocks.You progress through the game by gaining experience by collecting and killing monster, you have a choice of a few weapons ranging from a wand to a gauntlet ,each with their own powers to use.The combat is a bit spammy and you will need to craft mana potion as quickly as possible to keep casting spells, you level up quickly up until level 10 then the grind begins.There are a wide variety of locations to explore from cave's to towers and some oblieks that give you a boost for a hour, the map is beautiful and large enough to want to tame animals and ride them instead of running, oh did I mention taming, from your normal horse to a goddamn dragon!If you like to release your inner Harry Potter, there is a broom option available if you have the mana to spare.All in all the game has a lot of EA launch problems that is being fixed , ranging from extreme lag to desync issues and the lobby is very hard to navigate if the buttons doesn't even work.Is it worth playing for $20 , yes you will get some fun out of it , playing with someone doubles the fun and its good fun."
,Not Recommended,487120,33931589,Posted: 31 July,all,Keith,"You spawn on a small map with nothing to do, the servers have like 5 people on them, the AI is terrible."
,Not Recommended,487120,34028911,Posted: 4 August,all,Brando,"I'm sure this game can be great someday, but the optimization is currently horrendous. I have a gtx 970 and can't run a steady 46 fps on the lowest settings (regularly spikes well below 30). There's currently not even a fullscreen option in the settings. I can't recommend the game at its current state, but stay updated."
,Not Recommended,487120,33819490,Posted: 26 July,all,Artificial,"The game is decently well optimized for an out-the-door EA title, but the content is beyond lacking in originality.It's for all intents and purposes an ARK clone. You wake up in a random spot naked, collect items and punch rabits, then spend your skill points on learning how to make armor, weapons, structures. It's a 1 to 1 rip.People will gush over the fantasy setting and neat visuals but the spells are extremely uninspired and the combat is just as 'circle strafe and kite' as its predecessors.If you don't have the time to perpetually guard your stuff on one of the many servers that you decide to play on, and remain on, then skip this title.Quickly goes from gameplay to chores."
76561198053644420,Not Recommended,487120,33835170,Posted: 27 July,all,Kim Jong-zen,"Came for Adventure RPG, got Harry Potter."
76561198087806931,Not Recommended,487120,33888136,Posted: 29 July,all,Benediction,"The screenshots for this game DO NOT match the gameplay. i had high hopes for this game, logged in and was like WTF is this.. Game is super buggy, i understand its in early access but DAM. DONT BUY THIS GAME SAVE YOUR MONEY. RIP THE DREAM."
,Not Recommended,487120,33821249,Posted: 26 July,all,R3volve,"Yet another extremely rushed early access title.This is not Early access.This is not testing.It just doesnt work.The mouse sensitivity is ridiculously high and the in game setting does not work.The game lags so bad that enemes warp around constantly.the UI does not function on any aspect ratio except for 16:9If you run an ultrawide monitor be prepared to be stuck with narrow field of view. They base it on horizontal FoV so even the maximum setting is too narrow.This game is not ready to be tested, let alone played."
,Not Recommended,487120,33956080,Posted: 1 August,all,Keweiler,Can't recommend it right now in it's current state! poor optimization.
,Not Recommended,487120,34051915,Posted: 5 August,all,badnesso,"I played it and had a blast for around 80hrs building stuff.  FYI spent about 20hrs on lvl 58 cause it was bugged at the time and took 9million exp to level.But as always its a small server based game 40ppl max, and its poorly optimized.  I can't rightly give a game a thumbs upoh yea no endgame...whatsoever^^^Why does that make people playing mad?-Game can't support group play its too laggy-Game cant support structures it makes server too laggy-AI dosen't respond half the time-character glitches alot-pets are a walking glitch constantly disappearing for the reason or that, or getting item stuck in their inventory-must relog about once an hour due to bugs only fixed by relogging-server crashes-nodes don't respawn till server is reset which is usually only when server crashes-chests are bugged and cant be opened 75% of the time and dont reset until server crash-Items dont give proper stat bonuses-base defenses are a joke-endgame pve is can stand next to and go afk it laughable-AI is gerky and you can just find a spot they cant hit you can kill them-"
,Not Recommended,487120,33886870,Posted: 29 July,all,Oord,Game is broken in it's current state. Give it some more time before buying
,Not Recommended,487120,33836322,Posted: 27 July,all,Rage,"Invert Y-Axis not yet implemented, or not working... pls fix asap."
76561198023308769,Not Recommended,487120,33840367,Posted: 27 July,all,Tugasan,"Latency is horrible, the mobs do not attack, on the first day the game ran at 40fps in high graphics, good for my modest gtx960, but on the second day after an update that should take out some bugs I have 15 fps without mentioning that lag is even biggerIt's best to wait a few months to buy this game."
76561198115696114,Not Recommended,487120,33850215,Posted: 28 July,all,PistolPete,"Played on USEAST8 for a day with a friend. Built a wood tier and then stone base. After grinding levels and farming to build a base that would withstand a raid, two ppl came on and flew through the walls and took both of our bases... There is nowhere to report hacking or cheating only bugs so these hackers will continue to ruin what could be a very promising game. A proper hacking reporting needs to be implemented or all official servers will be unplayable."
76561198147301602,Not Recommended,487120,33849673,Posted: 27 July,all,GrimmRoyale,"Totally frustrating unstable game definatley not ready for public release. I can only assume its another money grab of the   ""its early beta we will fix it later"" type. Most unstable beta ive ever played."
76561197964058179,Not Recommended,487120,33835733,Posted: 27 July,all,Night,"""Head Bobbing"" Warning. This game has head bobbing, slight camera shake (up and down, up and down) when you move around in first person. that can cause issues for people who get motion sicknes. Or as how I call it these days, video gaming sickness. There is no option to turn it off.  For a type of game kind of like ARK where most people want to play it for long hours at a time, this is a real deal breaker.Other than that, the game itself is just in a terrible state right now. If you want to buy it just to test it out and imagine what it could be in the future, sure it works just for testing purposes and leaves much for the imagination (if any of it ever comes to fruition in who knows how many years). But if you want to buy it to actually ""play"" it now, then no it is unplayable. This has to be the most unoptimized and unfinished EA game I have ever tried."
76561198020314960,Not Recommended,487120,33845523,Posted: 27 July,all,Vald Bagina,Knowing it's still early access i cant reccommend this game in its state for this priceAfter only a few minutes of playing i found the following.-Very limited character customization-Very few enemies-Enemies glitched in walls and unhittable-At level 6 i was able to kill a level 13 without taking any damage. (Combat too simple)-Feels like Ark mixed with Skyrim with no objectives.Would not reccommend in its current states
76561198104246289,Not Recommended,487120,34052726,Posted: 5 August,all,Shadow Guardian,Feels like im playing an ios game honestly
76561198035988660,Not Recommended,487120,33820304,Posted: 26 July,all,Trickster,"Citadel1) The movement animations is horrible2) the first 10 levels is a grindfest, constant grinding3) It takes a crap load of engram points to unlock decent stuff, or even all the stuff.4) The wolf has no attack animation at all5) the character models are just wow (as the bad wow)6) Not much content from what i've seen and noticed within the first few hours i've played7) I do love how they've done the building mode though8) It doesn't feel engaging at allP.s if you mention anything like this in the forums they will ban you from discussions xD"
76561198087384068,Not Recommended,487120,33869427,Posted: 28 July,all,DaNuker,Keep Getting a fatal error.. game is unplayable as it stands
76561198310101353,Recommended,487120,33899178,Posted: 30 July,all,Hc4,Awesome game! once you hit level 30 and unlock teleneksis and fly around deleting everyones bases and watch all the little kids cry about being raided in a survival game is amazing.
76561197999297502,Not Recommended,487120,33818350,Posted: 26 July,all,Adomus,"Runs incredibly poorly - graphically is fine, but the game freezes every few moments - even tried on the lowest settings. 1024x768, everything turned off. Unsure what this issue is or any setting i can change - so far unable to play."
76561198199556109,Recommended,487120,33897279,Posted: 29 July,all,ZMBI | LilJohnny,Amazing game 10/10 they just need to make it a cross platform game so i can play with friends on apple computers.
,Not Recommended,487120,33839526,Posted: 27 July,all,Ganon702,"couldn't get into it.. A lot aspects of this game are excellent and wish some other games could take note.. Like Rust.. Respawn with most of your items after death was a great thing to see and keeping your current level, without having to start completely over was a breath of fresh air. But the lack of mechanics and action really made me feel like this is kinda boring. I wouldnt play this solo, i suggest joining a GROUP or just stay clear from this game. snooze fest"
,Not Recommended,487120,33820091,Posted: 26 July,all,Minarix,"Be warned for those who want custom key mapping you can't remap your movement keys, and if you change the default keys by mistake, you can't remap them so you will be stuck with no movement1/10"
76561198411453608,Not Recommended,487120,34333399,Posted: 18 August,all,hawkey2711,this game is bad dont by it listen to reviews
76561198143785060,Not Recommended,487120,34910862,Posted: 12 September,all,Meatloaf,"This game has many faults from its graphical issues to straight up not being able to build anything, i played to level 10 then i loged out to get some food, i come back and i found out i can't build anything and i can't use skill points to learn it again because it's highlighted saying i already know itwait before you buy it see how the game turns out in the future, defenetly not worth 25$"
76561198089642944,Recommended,487120,33898416,Posted: 29 July,all,Mike,Welcome to EA
,Not Recommended,487120,33848747,Posted: 27 July,all,Bastiwen,"Of all the time I played only 10 minutes were of actual gameplay, the others were of the game freezing while loading or running in the background without really being launched. I even had to unplug my second monitor to play because otherwise the game kept going on it for no reason. I would have liked to play more and maybe recommend the game, but I don't want to risk my money because the game is buggy as all hell."
,Not Recommended,487120,33886422,Posted: 29 July,all,[433] J.Hyde,"Extremely buggy, not sure if its the 2 servers i joined but the game definitly has potential, id wait till there are more updates and it possibly gets out of early access. Think of ARK with a fable type theme."
76561198156614624,Not Recommended,487120,34088555,Posted: 7 August,all,The Railgun,"The first few hours of this game are 'magical' to say the least, no pun intended. It really feels like your in this magical world of wizardry and what not. But besided that, the rest of the game is lacking. Once the initial excitment is over, the game shows just how unfinished and unrefined it actually is. Optimization can be thrown out the window, and mid/end-game content is lackluster. Taming is easy, but flawed in that tamed creatures stay tamed forever, despite needing to craft items to extend their tame length. Building is nice and responsive however, but thats about the only decent thing about the game.All in all, I would not recommend this game to anyone until at the very least these issues i've detailed are resolved."
,Not Recommended,487120,33895985,Posted: 29 July,all,phandesamwps,"Super Bugs Game, very difficult to login, no story line, and we are all experimental little white rats for them. Disconnected, reconnect, this is what I encountered everytime when i played 10 mins.I can't even login into my game's server now!"
76561198079094523,Recommended,487120,33895623,Posted: 29 July,all,SirBonerForest,nice
,Not Recommended,487120,33895528,Posted: 29 July,all,Luckspeare,"Refunded after 40 mins of playtime.Game crashed the first time I tried to start playing (custom game, running locally), when it had almost finished loading.  Started the game again, chose medium settings (I play Ark on this computer on medium settings), played for about 40 minutes, and then it straight-up hard-crashed my system.Way too unstable for me.  Maybe later if it becomes stabler."
,Recommended,487120,34369285,Posted: 20 August,all,✺◟Newkeyyy,这个游戏总体设计不错，同样是魔法世界的RPG游戏，我觉得堡垒要比黑暗与光明好很多。首先是画面，高画质中低端电脑完全没有问题。而黑光需要高配置点哦才能体验到完美画质。游戏性方面，角色可以通过采集，制造，打野怪等方法升级。角色一开始可以选择一中职业(火系，冰系，肉搏等四个)。攻击效果不错。目前还存在较多的bug，以后会慢慢修复。总体还是很不错的。游戏目前没有中文，不过慢慢熟悉之后不需要懂英文也可以玩的很溜。
76561198034166641,Not Recommended,487120,33845820,Posted: 27 July,all,Super Kami Guru,"Sadly I can't recommend this game in its current state, the game crashes on launch most times and reconnecting to servers takes multiple tries that also cause crashes the game more times than not.The game itself has an extremely tedious grind to level and from what I've played of the PvP and PvE the net code and lag makes it basically unplayable.A great concept but sadly released way too early, this isn't even up to the standards of a pre-alpha."
76561198005655932,Not Recommended,487120,33838608,Posted: 27 July,all,Generalian,"In the current race between Citadel of Fire and Dark and Light....I'm choosing Dark and Light.Citadel plays more like Skyrim and DnL plays more like a survival game like Rimworld or minecraft.However, this all depends honestly on the future or whichever game gets more support by the devs.Update: Citadel got really boring really fast. The graphics are cool and the sound is neat, but it feels almost like a COD clone. There is no danger, no set back, and very little restriction. Magic is def overpowered and the building system seems lacking... some of the spells are cool, but this feels very imcomplete.Dark and Light reminds me a lot of vanilla WoW. It is extremely difficult and time consuming, but the satisfaction is there. You built that. You did it. You own it.Blood, sweat, and tears.In terms of the studios, DnL Snail Games USA has a decent record, but is more of an international company. Citadel is made by the same people who did ARK,  Virtual Basement LLC. Both good companies, but not really a big point of which is superior. However I know ARK has an extremely dedicated community and will have legions of fans (this is a bad thing) talk with the devs and try to encourage others to play the game."
76561198012209746,Not Recommended,487120,33965231,Posted: 2 August,all,Lp505,has good graphics but way to many bugs atm. couldnt even pick nothing. once i got close to it. it all vanished happened every time i played online. single player i didnt have a problem but wouldnt tell people to buy it just yet
76561198038125974,Not Recommended,487120,33919423,Posted: 30 July,all,Pay2Win,"Dennis, the community manager, unfairly banned me for not agreeing with him on Telekinesis. I paid money for this game and discussing in the forums comes with it. Those are the benefits of purchasing on Steam. And he took those away from me. I reported him to Steam support.Also, they are nerfing telekinesis, which will destroy any chance of being able to play this game Solo."
,Not Recommended,487120,33967738,Posted: 2 August,all,FunkyMoney,"Unoptimized, laggy, crashed instantly when i started it. I dont recommend buying this game at this stage. Wait for developers to fix all the bugs at current stage and then buy it."
,Recommended,487120,33851362,Posted: 28 July,all,G.Prodigy,"Update: I still support the idea of this game, but for now I can't play a game that is not optimised. I mean, ultra or low settings, i still get 23-30 fps...I want to support this game, I really do...to the devs: please don't get gready and fix the games issues and don't focus on making money only! will come back in time to update the review...hope they do eell by then!"
,Not Recommended,487120,34285615,Posted: 16 August,all,Sunkin,Games♥♥♥♥♥♥ Crashes too much. Do not purchase. EVER.
76561198353344181,Recommended,487120,34233974,Posted: 14 August,all,Pyre [Ace],"There a some minor bugs but other than that GET THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME OMFG GET THIS GAME NOW ♥♥♥♥ING GET THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Edit: The servers are constantly going down, when the servers go down things are lost : pets, items and other stuff. overall wait until they fix some issues with the game and then definetly buy. (ik there are spelling errors ( i dont really care))"
,Not Recommended,487120,33868475,Posted: 28 July,all,Casual Kelly,"Would love to play this game, but currently there is constant lag and network drops. Can't get through 20 minutes without the client crashing or losing connection. Unplayable, and refunded."
76561198313154763,Not Recommended,487120,33846529,Posted: 27 July,all,bearing,i crashed both times when i tried to start up a server :C
76561198071885618,Not Recommended,487120,34134439,Posted: 9 August,all,Swify,Game should been free not finished and no end game and you can one shot people with necrosis and bloodlust spell. Btw im prob done buying games from steam again cause of this thank you citadel for curing me from my sickness of buying♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197999962381,Not Recommended,487120,34058295,Posted: 6 August,all,EnzoR,"Server problems are too bad. Fist, half of the servers don't load up. So, when you make a favorite, you have to refresh many times like playing a casino slot machine and hop that yours loads. Then when I hit connect on a server, it does nothing... just click sound. So I go to look for another server and when I find another to join, poof!!! Now it decides to start connecting to the server I clicked on 2 minutes ago. It gets to the loading screen and I see the bars start moving, then they stop about 75% loaded. I can hear my character use his skill in game but see nothing but a black screen with the loading box. It sticks here until I give up and hit ALT+F4. Until they work on the bugs, I will not recomend it. I won't even comment on the gameplay."
76561198045675514,Not Recommended,487120,33887476,Posted: 29 July,all,Spack Jarrow,I wasn't able to join any games.And when I tried running solo game it downright fried my computer.You would think steam would have minimun level of quality control for these games.As it is now this game is danger to your hardware.
,Not Recommended,487120,33888702,Posted: 29 July,all,Stephen PAYN,"I refunded this game.Pros:- It's an open world survival game- It has a leveling system, from those levels you can invest skill points you earn into different things like spells, armor, weapons, flying broomsticks, building plans (walls, floors, etc.)You feel a nice sense of progression as you level- You can learn specific spells that are only usable by certain weapon typesCons:- The movement speed is so slow that it instantly saps the fun out of the game for me. The difference from walking andrunning is very minimal.- With as slow as the movement speed is, the mouse speed is cranked up to 100% by default and I saw no way of changing this so your movement speed feels very sluggish and the mouse feels like it's super fast, it's not good.- The crafting system is really bland- The building system is even worse. This needs a massive UI rehaul. Making a forge (to be able to craft a broom stick and other items) was listed under a small block on the UI titled ""Magic"" once i select ""Magic"" I then have to pick from ""Small"" ""Medium"" and ""Large"" which contains different buildng plans. It is pretty rough.I hate to post a negative review for this game but I'm so tired of games in EA showing nothing but eye candy in the trailers and not showing the real depth and inner workings of the game."
,Not Recommended,487120,34061455,Posted: 6 August,all,sbedits,Really Boring..
76561198043293433,Not Recommended,487120,34588361,Posted: 29 August,all,Vincimus,This game is a bore to easy i wouldnt waste your money and time on it.
,Not Recommended,487120,35118722,Posted: 21 September,all,Shikaka!,Do not buy. Game is dead.http://steamcharts.com/app/487120The devs should give out refunds because this game is a complete lie and was a cash grab for them.
,Not Recommended,487120,34093841,Posted: 7 August,all,KICKASS,Man I really wanted to try this game out but I can't even get out of the main menu. The main menu UI freezes up and I can only see whats happening by pressing the windows key. It's a shame that i cant even play the game >:(
,Not Recommended,487120,33887735,Posted: 29 July,all,Fingolfin,"Game is beyond broken, already asked for a refound. I wasn't even able to join a game, even the server selection screen runs poorly. What a shame."
76561198274484988,Not Recommended,487120,33887792,Posted: 29 July,all,Roughgirl,"Having lots of problems.   Server list is sluggish.  The server I was on (reached level 7 so far) is missing.  So, decided to start all over on another server.  My head  and legs are missing.  I walk backwards.  The paper doll is male (I'm female).   I would expect this stuff in beta but I thought this was early access?  Where do we post problems so they developers know?"
,Not Recommended,487120,34540480,Posted: 27 August,all,PowerMan1469,"was a fun game, till it started to crash non stop, its unplayable. I know i know early acesss, but devs hiding behide that title now a days is getting old. Everytime you load into the game ur keybind get reset. Also if u try to set the mouse sens lower everytime you go into the menu it auto sets itselfs higher and higher each time"
,Not Recommended,487120,33917210,Posted: 30 July,all,`KuKi | BG,horrible preformance atm
,Not Recommended,487120,34155962,Posted: 10 August,all,atlas99129,"Pro: game has good graphics and nice mechanics and like the harry potter wizard theme.and how you can craft and build houses and stuff.Cons: the game has loads of bugs and glitches and errors in it.!!!1. cannot use any of the items in the build section when I press ""B"" key on keyboard.and that's not just for on one server its on all of them even the private servers !!!So I cannot NO longer build in the game!!!I even tried uninstalling the game and re-installing it back in on steam.and I read on the form boards here 90% of the gamer left playing this game now has that similar bug!!!and there is NO delete button to delete your character off the server your on and then remake your toon.what type of Moronic coders does not put a delete button for characters in a online game?goes to show the coders for this game did not go to college for their programming learning skills.cause one of the first things they suggest and teach you in programming classes for games and other apps is to set and make a delete button !!!"
,Not Recommended,487120,33817224,Posted: 26 July,all,Sleeze,Give it a few months.
,Not Recommended,487120,33820615,Posted: 26 July,all,Bazgrim,"This game is a really impressive feat... for 2006.Let me start this off by saying any of the reviews that state this is a survival game, are wrong. There are no survival elements. (Thirst, hunger, cold, etc.)As for the actual review. The models and animations are pretty bad, slightly better than Everquest 2. Optimization is atrocious for the level of graphic fidelity going on.The world itself feels lifeless and dull, for a fantasy game there's not a ton of fantasy going on in the world.The AI is atrocious, stand-attack, repeat. It's easily exploitable and makes me feel like I'm playing morrowind again.The game is RPG-Centric, but even in the earliest levels it's extremely grindy.It just kind of feels like Everquest 2 with Skyrim elements. I can't say I would recommend this to anyone, as someone who loves fantasy games. This is just too dull, almost cookie cutter basic fantasy RPG. I'll be keeping the game and hopefully they update it to make the world feel more alive and make the game more interesting, but as a multiplayer game (not an MMO) I have no interest in grinding my life away through crafting and exploiting AI.There's another fantasy sandbox game that just came out recently in early access, but if I had to pick between the two I would definitely pick the other one."
76561198073216656,Not Recommended,487120,33829435,Posted: 27 July,all,Templarz,"Just like ARK and Conan Exiles, this game appears fun and interesting, Just like ARK and Conan Exiles this game seems promising. However just like Conan Exiles, this game isnt ready for EA. Another example of developers unable to fund their game developement and stress test it. Good luck Citadel! - However I am asking for a refund, and off to try Dark and Light"
,Not Recommended,487120,33906635,Posted: 30 July,all,AlarmedTortoise,Super boring and no idea how to start the game for most players. This should be Free to pay not 20$
,Not Recommended,487120,33938687,Posted: 31 July,all,Refined Gentlemen,Rather play gmod hogwarts RP
76561198151669481,Not Recommended,487120,34158088,Posted: 10 August,all,maury2341,lots of fun when you login in and find out you have to make a new character since the most recent patch wiped my lvl 33 and 60+ hours of game time.
,Not Recommended,487120,33817400,Posted: 26 July,all,Sυfℓℓу,"First things i notice of the game:Keep in mind this is early access and it just came outTerrible lag when i joined a offical server, npc don't move, picking objects takes a while.The server browser is very unresponsive.PVP felt kinda unresponsive, especially with npc since they really don't move.40-50 fps with GTX 1070 and i5-6500Overall without the ping issues i think you should give it a try. Highly recomend to try it with a friend or it might be boring."
76561198057325288,Not Recommended,487120,33923411,Posted: 31 July,all,Showalter,"Don't waste money on the game because laggy, low frames, crash alot (where you can lose everything that is being crafted at that time), 1000 different exploits. The big main one is someone has to relog by your house then he can see though walls for a minute. Then he knows where to attack to kill throne and take everything from you. Also, at lv 30, there is a broken skill that hasn't been remove or fix. This skill with instant destory everything in a 1 block area. so walls, floor, anything on it. and you can exploit this by having skill on multipe weapons and spaming it. Getting to 30 takes a lot of time you need to grind up and you will just be trolled all day every day."
76561198018138265,Not Recommended,487120,33923505,Posted: 31 July,all,Crazy Polar Squirrel,Game is not ready yet it very laggy and bad fps. I feel this game could be great in few months
76561198051695467,Not Recommended,487120,34039939,Posted: 5 August,all,Infandus,Don't waste your money on this game yet. It's a buggy laggy mess with pretty much nothing to do once you reach level 30. You'll spend your time looking for and then training a dragon only to have your game crash and then it will be bugged and uncontrollable. Yes it's early access....but there are far plenty of other early access games with more content and less bugs.
76561198113109697,Not Recommended,487120,33842621,Posted: 27 July,all,mo7trf20,"errors,bugs,crashes,alot of work needed here but the game still in alpha so we can hope to see it improveim still trying to connect to a server atm since 40 min"
,Not Recommended,487120,33891043,Posted: 29 July,all,TheShade,"Lags and bugs. UI is crap. Just take my money back, it's realy bad game like pre pre pre pre pre alpha"
,Not Recommended,487120,33879076,Posted: 29 July,all,Jambatti,refunded. Dark and light is way better
76561198024246407,Not Recommended,487120,33944710,Posted: 1 August,all,Cheesel,"Against my better judgement from all the cash grab MMO survival games that have come before I unfortunately bought this piece of     early access disaster.Played it for one night, ran well.  next day it was patched 30/7/17.Patch was cancer, takes a min of 5 mins to load objects around my character.After those 5 mins I get a fatal error PC freezes.Rubbish devs, rubbish game I was my hard earned back.Gaming studios are just crooks and we keep buying into their BS.Ridiculous"
,Recommended,487120,34941542,Posted: 13 September,all,Nobledroid Gaming Stream,I love the game. I have done some live streams and videos u can check herehttp://youtube.com/c/nobledroidgamingstream.
,Not Recommended,487120,33943630,Posted: 1 August,all,Negromancer,terrible optimization
76561198278030136,Not Recommended,487120,33869291,Posted: 28 July,all,DirtySouth,keeps crashing wont let me play
76561198045425307,Not Recommended,487120,33922972,Posted: 31 July,all,Link-Akq,"This game looks great and is a great start, however for me it us just unplayable atm. Cant wait to see the finished product"
,Not Recommended,487120,33910982,Posted: 30 July,all,ullgenser,this game is horrible. cant even change ur sensetivity
,Not Recommended,487120,33989682,Posted: 3 August,all,RalphAssassin,Not worth it now..refunded..will buy later when it has good A.I and optimization.
,Not Recommended,487120,33936505,Posted: 31 July,all,DeadShotDonut,"Couldn't play the game. It allows me to sign in and choose a server, however, upon loading the game crashes citing ""not enough video memory"" though I am running this with an 8GB rx 480. Requested a refund."
,Recommended,487120,33824733,Posted: 26 July,all,Zombilly,this game is not that bad you will be happy if you buy it
76561198294137269,Recommended,487120,33895431,Posted: 29 July,all,Nyct.Rakuvix,ggwp
76561198126150932,Not Recommended,487120,34127988,Posted: 9 August,all,NOTASMURF,"Dear gamers,This game is not recommended DO NOT BUY IT i repeat DO NOT BUY ITIve played this game for an extensive period of time and i will list the pro's and the con's of this game its mostly con's dont expect to much!Pro's:- This game has a beautiful World For sure no doubt about that,- The Flying aspect of the game is really fun- The AI wel thought of but still alot of problems with.Con's:- The AI whatever they do they rubberband go all over the place or they just stand still.- The fatal error issue is a real pain since there so called ""FIX"" its gotten worse.- The world is crazy laggy and they dont know how to fix it properly- The dev team doesnt accept critism doesnt listen to the people shouting about the glitches or the fatal error issue mind you that the fatal error issue wase there during Beta Pre beta Pre alpha blablabla they never fixed it.- I got banned from the forums for posting a ciritism about the game they didden like,- EXP exploit got fixed ? uhm? why is there a guy that reaches level 60 in 14 minutes of the game pretty fixed to me- The gear dont get me started on that the gear has no unique value of items that make you feel special Theres no point in grinding to level 60 for the gear cause its not even that good..- To few interactions in the game 10000 servers every server has 1 guy playing- People can grief your base easy with just removing your ""throne"" Aka plot pole (cupboard)Conclusion:This game is pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥and it wont stop to be♥♥♥♥♥♥in any way this game is not worth buying whatsoever,The dev team are a bunch of kids that dont properly know how to ♥♥♥♥ing fix issues that are there from the beggining of the game, do not waste money on this game your better of buying dark and light iff u want a magic game overall its probably gonna get better in time but this game has done it for me this game if just a jokestop developing games i'd say cause this not gonna work out"
76561198074836106,Not Recommended,487120,33862126,Posted: 28 July,all,CADPATwarrior,"I understand this is an EA. It's interesting, but there's not much to do at all. You get bored pretty quickly, and PVP/PVE only goes so far. You can build, and that's cool, but the enemies are more or less the same, combat is buggy all around, and the player numbers dropped significantly over two days. I'll pick it up again if it pushes forward and adds new things. 40 player servers for a map this big with not much to do isn't a smart approach."
,Not Recommended,487120,34340921,Posted: 18 August,all,9999au,"Serious problems, semi-finished game, optimization is very bad, my graphics N 1060 6G 16 memory, I7, I play other games, not serious FPS is locked, 60FPS the following, 30FPS following, loading interface: 1 FPS, terrible gaming experience, will affect Sales, PC version, this is a good game, but some developers are lazy and not professional, should be for the development of personnel, re-development, or 2 times the development, or the value of your efforts in front of the value can not be proportional, bad proportion, proportion = money , So you know how to do, there is no global language, the sales share will be very low, there are feces UI interface as the other, the other line, the game bug too much, there is no fixed scene items, some scenes will be invisible invisible , And very close, very far can not see, but there, where things are collected things scenes, such as trees, underground things, sometimes these are the above problems, unlock FPS, no limit, you can force their own want to FPS, refresh Rate, a lot of questions, I have intended to refund, disappointed, i would like to see you big update, otherwise it is over, the product is But there are a lot of problems, experience and so on, those who are low-profile, market, markets in other countries, the heat is very easy to game list"
,Not Recommended,487120,35118493,Posted: 21 September,all,Fredol,hhahahah♥♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,487120,33893395,Posted: 29 July,all,DistrictGrind,"Early access is one thing, but this is a joke. Avoid at all cost! If you want to make some money then maybe pay your own way."
76561198054689875,Not Recommended,487120,34156584,Posted: 10 August,all,goofydexter,Why do my friends keep telling me to buy not so fun games....
76561198071318252,Not Recommended,487120,33943691,Posted: 1 August,all,>Game is hard,"I spent an hour to build a stone castle. When I login again, there are trees and stones all over the castle... WTF?"
76561198031575827,Recommended,487120,33816932,Posted: 26 July,all,DIGO,O JOGO RODOU NA MINHA GTX 750 TI !!!A GAMEPLAY E OS GRAFICOS SÃO OTIMOS
76561198361707532,Not Recommended,487120,33838052,Posted: 27 July,all,PauliePaul219,Server Lag is TERRIBLE!
76561198054132841,Recommended,487120,33852038,Posted: 28 July,all,Azelyra,"What the hell?I I was crafting on the Forge when suddenly the network not responding message came out and I was forced out to the main menu, and immediately after i log into the server and I see my forge empty. My Items are gone, and now i have to search for the ingredients again. Fix this please."
76561198212184183,Not Recommended,487120,33859935,Posted: 28 July,all,Rubberッ,i cant find any servers or join any server and tryed to reinstall the game
,Not Recommended,487120,34656894,Posted: 1 September,all,Vatsug,"The only thing complete about this game is the fact that it's trash, and I don't see the potential anywhere as it's failed in too many aspects."
76561198153370155,Not Recommended,487120,34495644,Posted: 25 August,all,tnerb0,Bunch of fat weeaboos waving their wands around
76561198044568180,Not Recommended,487120,33870213,Posted: 28 July,all,Tsuitachi,Took me 3 freezes 1 crash and 20 minutes of waiting to get to the character creation screen only to realize that there are 4 types of hair and head options to choose from ...The game itself has a nice atmosphere and nice musics but the system requirements are too much for it's graphics.
,Not Recommended,487120,33960214,Posted: 1 August,all,FishSalad,"game was a buggy dupe glitch you load in the game and your pc completely ♥♥♥♥♥ and cant look around for half and hour while ♥♥♥♥♥ loading in, your noclipping through my♥♥♥♥♥♥the whole time your loading, after that a giat beam of AIDS comes out your JAPS EYE and goes for a bike bait sknny♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ then it becomes a cototn picking simulator where you spends Yearrrrs picking that sweet gren green grennenenejoesgulknmjbvcxssdhj,mnbvc until a fire dragon spawns in your bass and rapes you harder then annie teemo funtime. also some kid named king flew around at 1 fps tping ♥♥♥♥ing every where one shoting everyone it was complete aids BOPIIIIIIIIIIIIII BOIIIII ILL 1V1 YOU RUST Ranyt5ime sahgvcxz\ bnolt action anytime 1v1v1vv1v12vv1v1c ladjhbdhubfskl'mgihkogl][huyhg\ overall game is aids buggy not optimised poor display of a doris nude mag"
76561198045075580,Not Recommended,487120,33843351,Posted: 27 July,all,Keenz,"Citadel: Forged With Fire... More like Citadel: Servers Crash Ever 30 MinutesIf you wanted Conan Exiles with Wizards you got it.Literally.Stupid raiding mechanic allowing lv 3s to raid huge bases with a little axe... Conan Exiles is that you?Fix your servers, Fix your raiding k thx xBut you can ride a bloody broomstick everywhere so +1 for that x"
76561198144723885,Not Recommended,487120,33867526,Posted: 28 July,all,Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ BooBear,♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198033451620,Not Recommended,487120,33923296,Posted: 31 July,all,Pitog,"After playing for 2 days I can say this game is not recommended in its current state and here is why:- This is not MMOG yet, only multi player with max 40 players in server- Serching for server is frustraiting (endless list of servers that cannot be filtered), lagging and veryslow, no histroy of  where you have character.- Very Low FPS - I did try the game on 3 defrent Gaming computers running win10, with latestsupdates to win and all drivers.1. Old (4 years) gaming PC with GTX770 i7 Extreme 24GB - FPS 12-162. Brand new Asus GL702VM gaming aptop  - FPS start with ~30 and quickly drop to ~17.3. Supper Gaming PC  2xGTX1080, 64GB, i7 7400 - FPS start at ~60 and drop to ~20 after fewmins of play.- Where did the sun go? its about 80% of the time night time and hard to see.- No Story or Quests - you just start running around looking for something to do.- No corrency in the game, no trade, no shops or major cities.- No (not much) Mobs to kill- NPCs and particulry animal look like a game from the 90s (bad graphics, stuck or moving wierd)- NPC camps (normally 3-4 NPCs)- they all just standing there  frozen not moving looks wierd.- Character graphics & movement looks bad, reminded me of MMOG's from 15 years ago (andnot the good ones).- No Players - played on 2 Official servers - did not encouter a single player, did chat with fewthough.- No action - combat system is very limited and too simple, and only with the mouse bottuns(2 kind of attacks only assined to the mouse)What is good in game:Crafting system - you can build your own house and craft your gear"
76561198268225870,Not Recommended,487120,33864117,Posted: 28 July,all,Armeniox,i get it EA but fatalerrors that should be fixed before EA i can wait fot in game bugs but not to be able to even get in game its another thing
,Not Recommended,487120,34069602,Posted: 6 August,all,ﮎa☥n†⌛Do♏☥n☥☪,"Never have I decided so quickly to have a game refunded in my life. I'm sure one day it will be loads of fun, but alternative early access games of a similar genre with the same release window exist and offer better performance and graphics. This games farming is a chore to say the least, it's not smooth and the latency issues leave much to be desired. Feels like a cheap attempt to cash in on the magic and exploration sandbox boom. I'm not taking the bait."
76561198067627208,Not Recommended,487120,34094172,Posted: 7 August,all,NightKnight,lag
,Not Recommended,487120,33870089,Posted: 28 July,all,thief | DS3: Fencer,"I know it's Early Access, so take what I say with a grain of salt.So I first launch the game. At the very least, it's a game that isn't incredibly loud whilst forcing you into fullscreen mode on first launch like so many other games are. I can give it credit for that. However...There is no mouse sensitivity setting at all. I have one DPI setting at 5670, and to make the game playable, my other DPI setting had to be around 400.With an i7-7700k and a GTX 1060 (6GB), my options were either: Lowest graphic settings for 45-50 FPS OR highest graphic settings for 35-40 FPS.I was in the wilderness, punching horses and elks in the face. They did not react at all and simply took their abuse until they died within a couple of seconds.I spotted a direwolf, and didn't attack him at all. In fact, I waited for him to notice me! Wolf hearing seems to be declining these days, as well as their vision because he didn't take notice of me until I was maybe two feet in front of him. Then he attacked me, and it did hurt... but don't worry! Because I ran around him like the eyeballs in Mario 64 and just punched him in the butt until he died. He was turning at a rate of maybe 20 degrees per second. ...Also I'm kinda sick of seeing wolves hunt by themselves in games; they're pack animals.That kind of lazy, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat gets an instant refund. The clunkiness of everything certainly doesn't help."
76561198185652105,Not Recommended,487120,33952636,Posted: 1 August,all,cherierobertson23,Everytime I go on the game it lags like crazy and I have looked on every site to speed it up but no I can't get it to work so I really don't like this game.
,Not Recommended,487120,33870101,Posted: 28 July,all,Bleach King,Really like the game but id like it more if i was able to check out the update but i cant becuase when i've tried to join the server i play on UsWest22 i cannot play on it kinda sucks because it pops up a message then completely ends the citadel task
76561198082007777,Not Recommended,487120,33867701,Posted: 28 July,all,Mesikammen,This game feels like its going to be just a carebear version of a sandbox game.
76561198214947139,Not Recommended,487120,33869036,Posted: 28 July,all,WAROHA,This game is so bad...Dark and Light is so much better visualy and mechanically I already refunded citadel I couldn't deal with the graphics even maxed out the graphics look so bad and the background looks like a blurred wallpaper
,Recommended,487120,33815988,Posted: 26 July,all,Crisp Rat,"3/10 devs lied,game was not made with fire"
76561197970940668,Not Recommended,487120,33840072,Posted: 27 July,all,HeInZ,Watch out abusive mods that cant handle the truth. Cancer whiteknights everywhere. Devs ignore simple Coding steps that have been public for very long time beware. Probably dead game in 3 months
76561197993864252,Not Recommended,487120,33823189,Posted: 26 July,all,†VLAD THE IMPALER†,"I tried to like it but the longer I played that is when the lag allowed you to you find there really is not that much there.The map is bland the grinding a yawn fest, the combat comical and also frustrating, the animations are so poor. I think that even those that initally like it will have packed there bags in a week and moved on.Very dissapointind from a game i had heard had good potential."
,Not Recommended,487120,33823833,Posted: 26 July,all,Will Schleicher,"Incredibly buggy. The NPCs were all broken and didn't attack when I played, and the UI, particularly equipping weapons and spells is very clunky and frustrating to use."
76561198008422366,Not Recommended,487120,33850839,Posted: 28 July,all,Vaporizer,The servers are pre-dlc ARK levels... I wish I could sell it back. Dont waste the money.
76561198179340135,Not Recommended,487120,33846848,Posted: 27 July,all,Elfinkibbles,"I've tried to connect to servers that seem to be running on my school dell laptops that say servers aren't responding for the past 12 hours only for me. Here's a long grocery list of why not to buy this game.Potion spamming is completely unbearable, you can spam potions so you never die or run out of manaAnyone who gets gauntlets cna raid a wood base or stone base easily by breaking down the walls withing 5 minutes and they get the throne and literally remove hours of work within a minuteThere's zero end game content and barely and early game contentBasically zero offling raid protection because turrets only shoot tamesYou can clip through half of the unfinished mountains that are open to everyoneThe leveling in this game is the most repeatitive/basic system I have ever seen in a sandbox. The levels take hours upon hours late game of straight grinding to go up once.The final tier of building is stone and you can raid it at level four, but you unlock it at level 20Tames serve zero purposeThe support team is absolute garbage/zeor helpThis game is early release, but come on, they shouldn't release it literally half finishedI want a refund, but I spent over two hours trying to log onto a ♥♥♥♥ing server, so I cant"
76561198142485640,Not Recommended,487120,33945089,Posted: 1 August,all,Sir Corgi,DONT BUY PLEASE! Game gets boring after around 2 hours.Max clan size is 5 people and game is way to grindy.just a waste of money in disguise
,Not Recommended,487120,33874324,Posted: 28 July,all,Angry Akanthos,Not worth playing In its current state.
,Not Recommended,487120,33817266,Posted: 26 July,all,Nick From Nationwide,"Crashes to Frequently, but otherwise Ok Survival Game,"
76561197966889194,Not Recommended,487120,33945327,Posted: 1 August,all,Xnebia,"No one on my server anymore, after a week. Server doesnt even load. Waste of money."
76561197972342391,Not Recommended,487120,33868000,Posted: 28 July,all,curtcooll,"I tried the game was not bad but the game froze alot and the community is not run to well even the discord itself, I hope these issue are resolved in future and hire people that Know how to communicate with community and not be abusive."
,Not Recommended,487120,33871083,Posted: 28 July,all,Kopy Kap,Cant kill anyone. Cant do anything.. Will change review if working.
,Not Recommended,487120,33946515,Posted: 1 August,all,salem1011_7 csgosell.com,the graphics are stunning and good but i have a gtx 1070 and get around 40-53 fps the devs should fix this game
,Not Recommended,487120,34080637,Posted: 7 August,all,GBL™,"Ugh! seriously don't support crap like this, its not even a bloody game, its just spawn, no idea what to do and nothing to achieve, its a survival game with no survival aspects, you just make weapons, you don't eat or need shelter etc, there is nobody playing, no official servers, nothing like Skyrim or Ark other than it is first person, medieval setting and you can apparantly build (i didnt get that far) inside 40 mins the game crashed on me twice."
,Not Recommended,487120,33864186,Posted: 28 July,all,Vegebond,I can see all its potential. I just wish the enemies would actually attack ! we cant be doin this netflix thumbs up or down thing we need to get reviews back btw. 2/5 rn
76561197995247515,Not Recommended,487120,33846056,Posted: 27 July,all,Silvershot,The graphics are Terrible even on EPIC! the game play leaves something to be Desired Your better off playing Dark and Light to behonest....
,Not Recommended,487120,33836491,Posted: 27 July,all,[SIN] Mule,"ATTENTION INVERTED MOUSE PLAYERS!You can't invert mouse in the options. (Even though the option to do so is there, it's not working right now)Game runs perfectly for me, looks great, but can't break a 20 year inverted mouse habit, so, errr, yea.Refunded until it's implemented.This is purely the only reason I cannot recommend as I haven't been more than 20 feet from the start zone."
76561198002170627,Not Recommended,487120,33844745,Posted: 27 July,all,- \/G - Epidemic,You guys have serious promise in this game but with the SERIOUS lack of working fluientness your screwing everything up...i would NOT recommend this game to anyone for at least 3 months....you guys should not have put this game on full release when your having issues most of us gamers would consider a game to be in ALPHA stage let alone full release. You guys need to ge it together before its too late.
,Not Recommended,487120,34006623,Posted: 3 August,all,ToastnSalmon,"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME TO TRYYou need to play more than 2-3 hour to get enough skill points to be able to play the game properly. Its a good idea and they tried. But holy shet, This game runs like complete utter garbage on AMD chipsets. And barely runs well on i5-i7 setup. Granted. The sound is whats casuing most of the issues, But the game is not beautiful unless ur running a high level graphics card. Look, Save your money and buy something else til these devs improve the game. Don't be a sucker like me and give the game a chance. You'll end up wasting hours grinding and lose the chance for a refund. Thanks devs, You robbed me of my money but I won't be touching another game from your studio again."
,Not Recommended,487120,33892337,Posted: 29 July,all,DeVz,This game is trash!!!!!!
76561198025851880,Not Recommended,487120,34005647,Posted: 3 August,all,AQADIAN,garbage don't waste your money. steam has no shame! just wait for them to finish the game and release it for free 10 years from now.
76561197965316549,Not Recommended,487120,33893933,Posted: 29 July,all,So Awesome,"Regret buying this, this game shouldn't even be on the early access list on Steam.  Stay away and check back in 6 months."
76561197970754741,Not Recommended,487120,33897375,Posted: 29 July,all,Boone,Would rather play skyrim.
,Not Recommended,487120,33979568,Posted: 2 August,all,TheApe14™,this game is sucks
,Not Recommended,487120,33923786,Posted: 31 July,all,Zycho◈_῟,refunded it it sucks
76561197979820843,Not Recommended,487120,33845208,Posted: 27 July,all,clixgamer,"Until a patch comes out that fixes certain aspects of the game, I cannot recommend it. I will update my review when that happens. Check out my first impressions video.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apsTUGXXVa8"
76561198070832499,Not Recommended,487120,33867617,Posted: 28 July,all,SilentSays,eh
76561197985095251,Not Recommended,487120,33847086,Posted: 27 July,all,Porch Monkey,"Game was very meh.... Refunded because melee felt useless, terrible animations, starting off is extremely boring.. pass.Might be good in awhile.."
76561197996340808,Not Recommended,487120,33818595,Posted: 26 July,all,Porno Paul,I'm not able to join a game because of several errors
,Not Recommended,487120,33850019,Posted: 28 July,all,Tales From The Dark Side,"No where near as good as Dark and Light, boring and the combat is so bad."
76561198195026554,Not Recommended,487120,33842131,Posted: 27 July,all,Manc,wont let me join servers spent over half an hour clicking join server for it to just crash every time had more fun watching paint dry requested money back
,Not Recommended,487120,33891090,Posted: 29 July,all,MidnightSmokerGaming,"Since the update today 7/29, game is unplayable. Attempting to join a server I've advanced a character on to any decent point just brings me back to the main menu after the loading screen. Prior to this game was decent, had some bugs, but could at least log into the servers and play. If game remains this way however, I just wasted my money unless my idea of a fun game suddenly because watching a loading screen for 30 seconds or creating an endless supply of new characters and never actually getting into the game."
,Not Recommended,487120,34948574,Posted: 14 September,all,Retemps,No
,Not Recommended,487120,34040513,Posted: 5 August,all,cow king,boring game without a story
,Not Recommended,487120,33829781,Posted: 27 July,all,Lush Wood,"I have played this game for the past 8 hrs not stop. Constant lag that you never know when its going to hit, but you always feel like there is lag while moving around. Also I dont know why you would play a magic game if you cant collect Ghost Orchids that you need for mana bottles. I have gone up to at least 100 plants that dissapear when I walk up to it. How could the devs of messed up this badly?"
,Not Recommended,487120,33894189,Posted: 29 July,all,CmPlexD,"lets play some Citadel,Oh server with good ping, that's what i'm looking for!*SERVER IS NOT RESPONDING**SERVER IS NOT RESPONDING**SERVER IS NOT RESPONDING**SERVER IS NOT RESPONDING**SERVER IS NOT RESPONDING**SERVER IS NOT RESPONDING**SERVER IS NOT RESPONDING**SERVER IS NOT RESPONDING**SERVER IS NOT RESPONDING*Rage quit."
76561198354959768,Not Recommended,487120,33956027,Posted: 1 August,all,andy2017new,got my hopes up for nothing
76561198314434842,Not Recommended,487120,33827773,Posted: 27 July,all,Astrodesiac,absurd frame drops and constant network problem. wait for optimization patches. or you will lose stuff becaue game lags and you die. fun to play for ten minute of decent frame rates>
76561198339543685,Recommended,487120,34402815,Posted: 21 August,all,mistletoeraven,Haven't played yet
76561198163745649,Not Recommended,487120,33896487,Posted: 29 July,all,StrafeNinja,Minecraft is better than this game. I rate it 1/1 mil minecraft creepers
,Not Recommended,487120,33998827,Posted: 3 August,all,Eremita Silvano,My worst 20 minutes of my life in a nutshell.
76561198045076609,Not Recommended,487120,33999956,Posted: 3 August,all,Mew Mew Kitty Phuk,Laggy
76561198006473824,Not Recommended,487120,33868766,Posted: 28 July,all,凸(｀⌒´メ)凸,"Cand rebind movement keys.. Cant change mouse sens.. WTF... Gonna try after a year or two.. unplayable for me, worst customization for a payed access."
76561198130316605,Not Recommended,487120,33955625,Posted: 1 August,all,IrishEvo,GARBAGE!! dumped a ton of hours into it....only to have our base be removed out of nowhere!!! good luck on your broken game
76561198073421730,Not Recommended,487120,34026923,Posted: 4 August,all,achsi,"absolutletly unplayable. while HUGE games like wow work seamlessly on my pc on the highest settings, in this game i cannot do as much as simply aim at moving targets. even farming plants is a chore cause of the extremely low fps rate. no matter how low my settings are, i cannot do so much as move without the screen freezing. if this isnt going to change soon, i will demand my money back. DO NOT BUY under ANY circumstances, dont trust the revies and playthroughs, they are all bought for all i know. i repeat DO NOT BUY THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,487120,33818482,Posted: 26 July,all,|2ail,*!*!*!* WARNING NOT AN MMO SERVER SIZE MAX = 70 *!*!*!*I just purchased this game after I was lied to by the dark and light developers about server size. This game was marketed as an MMO. I log into find 70 player servers. straight to refund.
76561198048867109,Not Recommended,487120,33817212,Posted: 26 July,all,JackOverlord,"After the second patch I tried something different and it worked: I managed to join a private Server.Seems that, at the moment, everything official is broken (including the ""custom server"").***** Old *****Acording to Steam I played 66 minutes.But in reality these 66 minutes were a mix of me trying to join a Server and the game crashing.Which is especially strange since it worked fine during the beta.Update after the first hotfix:Now I can't even join and with the ""Custom Server"" option I still crash.***** Old *****"
76561197963592041,Not Recommended,487120,33831628,Posted: 27 July,all,SiGns,"In this state, the game is simply unplayable.You have a ping of 400 on a official server meant to host 40 people, while there are 10-15 players online.The lag causes all your attacks to miss horribly, because the mobs just teleport around on the map and you never know where their hitboxes are. This is especially bad for fighting flying mobs, making a fight with a LvL 10 eagle harder than one with a LvL 50 Giant, because you simply cant hit him, while he can constantly hit you, regardless of wether you dodge or not.And if that wasnt bad enough, with the last patch they changed something with the spell aiming, now causing all spells to  hit significantly under the crosshair, this is so bad that is you litererally stand before an enemy, pretty much poking them with your staff, and cast a fireball, you will miss, because the fireball hits the ground beneath your feet, instead of your enemy. It's simply infuriating, as my comment probably shows."
76561198069060558,Not Recommended,487120,33821350,Posted: 26 July,all,ukyron,45min was enought for a refund request
76561197990084056,Not Recommended,487120,33855234,Posted: 28 July,all,RainbowKiss,"Games not ready, yes i know its a ♥♥♥♥ing EA title they all ♥♥♥♥ing are, still not playable fix ur servers"
76561198129604810,Not Recommended,487120,33819069,Posted: 26 July,all,Zachasmaximus,"i tried for an hour to join a server tried three different servers with under a hundred ping, one with only a meesly 42 ping, it froze my computer once causing me to have to restart it, the rest of the time it was just stuck on a loading screen i am supremely dissapointed and was hoping to get some morrowind vibes, gonna refund if this doesnt get fixed.once again, supremely dissapointed, thought it would be good, 2/10 overall rating because of the cool menu i guess."
,Not Recommended,487120,33844495,Posted: 27 July,all,WhoWont,Seems like it may be an interesting game.  Can't change mouse sensitivity in game.  Can't play with the mouse speed that high.  May re visit the game in the future and change my recomendation.
,Not Recommended,487120,33871538,Posted: 28 July,all,I'm not gay but 5$ is 5$,I can't get over how unoptimized this game is.  It feels like a cumbersome Conan.
76561198351563455,Not Recommended,487120,33832685,Posted: 27 July,all,Vokun_Grohiik,The Game is poorly optimised which makes it Unplayable. Can't recommend in its current state.
,Not Recommended,487120,33895621,Posted: 29 July,all,K dot,"this game is ♥♥♥♥ing garbo bro, level 6 kills a level 37 and levels one time LOL"
,Not Recommended,487120,33895567,Posted: 29 July,all,HorizonSeoulo,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game i'd rather shove♥♥♥♥♥♥down my throat then continue to play this garbage pile of trash kys devs
,Not Recommended,487120,33852456,Posted: 28 July,all,SMOOTHiES,"I bought and refunded this game.Its fun and all. But i know its a EA game but its unplayble imo, i join a server with 34 ping and have 600+ ping ingame its insane and stupid, other than that its fun. Im not buying this b4 they fix that"
,Recommended,487120,33815441,Posted: 26 July,all,Arxas,Best game i ever played!!! Love it!!!
,Not Recommended,487120,33831301,Posted: 27 July,all,\/venom\/,"payed for it then sent it back after 100 min . just not done. view bobbing , monsters dont attack, slow leveling system , error not letting you pick up items , no tut to show how things are done to help new players, costs way to much should be $10 right now bc of how bad it is to play . once things are fixed then raise price.also spawning should be random"
76561198008676722,Not Recommended,487120,33842266,Posted: 27 July,all,Lizzarn,"Five foot outside the the ""safe zone"" I am being shot at by what appears to be the side of the mountain. I dodge the fire missles as best I can. Even behind a tree they still  hit me... So I run up to the source. Nothing there. Just a mountain shooting me with magic fire missles... How can you even think of going public when mountains are shooting at newbs? EA Steam strikes again. My thoughts are this ""dev"" wont be around long. Ridiculious price tag for the quality."
76561198234570200,Not Recommended,487120,33817852,Posted: 26 July,all,Fuchsin,Really really really boring. Returned it within the hour.
76561198068931316,Not Recommended,487120,33816341,Posted: 26 July,all,exotrax,"Can't play because invert camera isn't working, refund is strong with this game :PUpdate : Today they released a small patch and guess what ? Invert camera isnt fixed yet.Comment from the dev SOuNDSNC : Should be in tomorrow's patch. Really sorry about this oversight.Tipical of money grab and run studios."
,Not Recommended,487120,33852906,Posted: 28 July,all,Biker_Rat88,Could not get in game! Errors then game turned off! tried for 20 mins to get in a server and nothing! Game refunded !
76561198066607315,Not Recommended,487120,33817782,Posted: 26 July,all,Shane Pain,Utter trash
,Not Recommended,487120,33890443,Posted: 29 July,all,RyanBlue,meh
,Not Recommended,487120,33816937,Posted: 26 July,all,armymdic,"I will update this after further play, but for now this game is a hot mess and pretty boring. Server desync is one of the worst I have experienced with an early access launch. The graphics are of poor quality even on epic settings. Combat is clunky, the interface is counterintuitive and it is basically a run around a pick up a bunch of stuff (if you can, due to desync) and unlock stuff. The unlock trees are not very deep nor are they any different than any other survival game; difference being they are locked behind level gates and an arbitraty point system. For now, I recommend Dark and Light over this game. I have only played a half hour, so take it with a grain of salt and expect to be disappointed. It is only day one of full EA release, so we will see. That said, the core mechanics are also fairly boring."
,Not Recommended,487120,33828403,Posted: 27 July,all,Michael Gurren,terrible game
,Not Recommended,487120,33880351,Posted: 29 July,all,Turtle,A waste of money DO NOT BUY!!!
,Not Recommended,487120,33895572,Posted: 29 July,all,PimpRyan,"Do not buy this game please, I have warn you this game was made for people with Autism."
,Not Recommended,487120,33855615,Posted: 28 July,all,Roose 🅱,if you look straight at the ground and run you go in a random direction
76561198043325489,Not Recommended,487120,34047006,Posted: 5 August,all,Stavinsky,"Edit : Seeing the kind of answers and comment I get, I decided to rewrite thereview in a more documented way. I know the game is EARLY ACCESS, and that thumbdown and Negative review could change if the dev correct the issues that only afew minutes in game have uncovered and if they can erase the very bad ""first impression""they gave me.First of all, the keybind. If the dev had said ""we are in early acces, keybindwill come later"", or if they had missed 1 or 2 keybind, that could beunderstood. But right now the game has a way to rebind most of the actions youcan do EXCEPT for the most important keybind, the MOVE keybind. We are in 2017,how in hell could those specific key being absent from a supposed ""full keyrebinding option"" ? And being in Early Access is not an excuse when all theothers keybind can be changed. To add to the problem, the game don't keep youfrom rebinding some key to the move key. In fact it let you proceed and thenjust rewrite the binding in game.Second : The character creator. The actual character creator is lacking a lot ofparameters, and is very poor. I'm not speaking about the 'amount of option' forthe various parameters, as an early access game is bound to have little optionfor each parameters, I'm speaking about the huge lack of parameters to customizea character. No difference in how tall the characters are ? No option presentfor the kind of character you want to play. Again being in Early Access is notan excuse not to have at least the parameters exposed, even if having only 1option until later in the developpement (like letting players pick if they wanta tall, medium or small body size). If the devs had plans to rewrite the wholecharacter creator later, then they should have provided 2 basic bodies, with aclear message in the character creator saying things would be changed later.Third : Sluggish move feeling in game. The little I moved in the area only gotme feeling like I was moving a elderly guy using his walker to move around, andnot some supposed ""hero or healthy character"" moving in an environment thatcould be dangerous. Having no ""good sensation"" when moving around in a game issomething that is anti-immersive.Even if the game is ""good looking"" in the scenery, it's never a good thing tosee how some ""details"" are overlooked. As it's just a first ""sight"" of what kindof overlooking could happen in others parts of the game. All in all I hope thedev will work hard and correct those, and give me a good reason to change thisreview once more and change the thumb down to a thumb up. So now the ball is intheir camp and I wish that they manage to make a great game in the end.PS : To those guys who though that telling me to ask for a refund was a goodidea, keep going on every bad review and say so to the players, you will nothelp the devs of the games you 'hope to see working'. A game that is in earlyaccess is bound to have problem, and only players who voice about those problemswill give the devs a sign that there is a problem somewhere. Saying ""all is ok""when it's not is not helping the efforts of the dev."
,Not Recommended,487120,33853446,Posted: 28 July,all,Call me Sasha,"do not buy this ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ Im tired from this early-access. Hey, developers! I spend 12 dollars for this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Be so kind to give me opportunity to connect any server. If you cant provide access - delete game from steam until you can do it normally. Thank you. gonna refund my money"
,Not Recommended,487120,33816111,Posted: 26 July,all,stopsigns_,"To many thing in this game are not working for me to be able to keep playing at this time. If they fix these simple issues, I will change my report.Now for anyone new to these types of games if you don't buy and play it as soon as it releases, youre missing out. The population will spike when a game  is first released and then it will die down. Ark is the exepction due to how much PvE they have in the game and it's beautiful. Conan had 55k players when it first released and now it's around 2k, another example.You can not change movement Keybinds or Mouse sensitivity(isn't working).None of the features in the server menu work. Meaning you can't filter by ping, favorites, history, region ect.I picked Axe and when I shoot my ability while strafing it will shoot in the direction of the character instead of where i'm facing. That's going to be useless in PvP.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------AFTER THINKINGI'm just going to ask for a refund. Like I said, if youre not going to play this type of game when it first releases, then don't bother."
76561198020846640,Not Recommended,487120,33817046,Posted: 26 July,all,shen,"Just heads up, the game is described as 'massive online sandbox RPG'. Well there's nothing massive about it as you play in a hosted server with up to 40/50/120 people. Those servers are player made. I wish this was made clear. There's a huge difference between a MMO and this."
,Not Recommended,487120,33816130,Posted: 26 July,all,Ned Slark,Dont buy this game right now. It is not worth it. Every public server is bugged or extremely laggy. Wait for them to fix the game before playing
76561198132493544,Not Recommended,487120,33858847,Posted: 28 July,all,tomwadderz,fix ur game plz
76561198041445825,Not Recommended,487120,33864208,Posted: 28 July,all,Samantha Raven,"Some how this game got good reviews i dont no how its awful.First the graphics are bad but the animations are terrible the first person view is bad it looks like u are constantly ready to give some-one a hug.=PThe UI is weird for your inventory and the ui to craft items is weird.The map is confusing the graphic movement screen is odd  and it feels uncomfurtable to move around the game with.It makes you  feel like your in a daze/weird like dream, =P i know that seems odd but it does the way the gameplay looks and style its like u are watching a weird dream play out and things are odd and dont make sense and every thing look weird and feels like a uncomfurtable gameplay experiance.The game just isnt for me your better off playing skyrim if u want to play a game like this."
,Not Recommended,487120,33841620,Posted: 27 July,all,Shadow,worst ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥i have every played roblox wood tycoon was better
76561198021755479,Not Recommended,487120,33841718,Posted: 27 July,all,Shmeegashper,"No respawn timer,No cooldown on potions,No delay when logging out.=Devs are noobs at games. Refund time"
,Not Recommended,487120,33891480,Posted: 29 July,all,Heath,Bad
,Not Recommended,487120,33816844,Posted: 26 July,all,Zer0,dont buy this game its 100% trash.You will find out why in comments.#ThankGodForRefund
,Not Recommended,487120,33816609,Posted: 26 July,all,ReaganSMAAAAASH,"Literally 5 mins in this game. That is it. So, feel free to take this review however you want.No working invert. Awesome job guys. Literally the easiest piece of code to impliment. Minus ""hello world"". Like, seriously guys, less than a dozen lines, depending on what you are coding in.On a lighter note, I do *love* the fact that you included the option to invert! Great job! Half way there!=================================================================**EDIT**It's 2017. That is no longer an excuse to ♥♥♥♥ up mouse inversion in a game. Neither is early access. Yet, it happens all the time..=================================================================**UPDATE 30 JUL 2017**Reverse mouse has been, somewhat fixed. However, I am not going to change this review right now. I wish there was a, meh, rating. Something between positive and negative. I don't think the game is terrible. Given that it is early access, I am willing to let some things go. However, there are a lot of major issues that have not been resolved.Netcode is terrible. Running a server with 20 or more players = insta lag.A certain spell is pretty much freaking broken. Hit level 30, destroy people's houses in less than a minute. It needs  to go or be seriously reworked.Terrible server hosting support. Limited admin commands. Half the options in the config line don't work.There is plenty more. I will return to this review again later when some of this stuff gets resolved. As it stands now, I would hold off unless you absolutely do not mind a broken experience."
,Not Recommended,487120,33852252,Posted: 28 July,all,Dad,Refunded XDXDDDDDDXDXDXC!? Thanks guys really apprciate it man honestly so thankful dude xD hahah thanks man love to be gay xoxox!
,Recommended,487120,33900612,Posted: 30 July,all,rezz,its a Early Access game so you know what youre getting into. I like the game concept so.
,Recommended,487120,33900095,Posted: 30 July,all,Rollo,I was sceptic about another Alpha release that involves survival/base building/grind but i decided to give it a go as it was priced very good. I am very pleased with the game the mechanics are much more arcady than other games in this ganre but that makes it stand out of the crowd. So excelent game play. The base building system is great too. If the developers manage to polish the networking to be more real time it will be great and i think that the world textures can be a bit more detailed if that wont hit the performance bad. Looking forward to see what they can do.
76561198043652828,Not Recommended,487120,33849960,Posted: 28 July,all,galadourn,"EDIT: as of the latest patches, the game is unplayable. keeps crashing back to server selection screen. Not recommended until this is fixed."
,Recommended,487120,33905488,Posted: 30 July,all,TW1GZ,Love it so far.
,Not Recommended,487120,33821305,Posted: 26 July,all,{BuDs} ZachAttack,"If you're about to buy this game, don't. I suggest waiting a month or two to work out the many game breaking glitches. Servers crash every 10 minutes, the game crashes often, sound is absolutely unreal with how bad it is, and it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥even on the lowest settings. I don't recommend it, yet. Also, it takes forever to join servers, sometimes it boots you back to the main screen with no message, if it doesn't crash, and when you do get into the game it usually freezes for 30 seconds and then theres a glitch where you can't use your weapon because of a cooldown no matter what you do. Can't even join in, it freezes and I get an error that crashes the game everytime now"
76561198064808652,Recommended,487120,33905122,Posted: 30 July,all,Wall(en),"This game is stunning, intuitive, and fun to play. But I don't reccomend buying it at the moment considering how unoptimized and how slow/buggy this game is."
76561198059529010,Not Recommended,487120,33821968,Posted: 26 July,all,Carrasco,"30 Hours into the game, it rly sucks, low fps, low server performance, braindead ia and and and,... dont buy!"
,Not Recommended,487120,33844114,Posted: 27 July,all,cupcaeke,"I initially wrote a positive review on this, but have now changed this to negative. The positive review was based on potential and a good concept, but this game is just poorly executed (if you can even play it).The lag, FPS issues, and AI are completely unbearable. I have spent probably 8-9 hours of my 11 hours of gameplay trying to get onto servers, leaving the game whilst I go and make dinner connecting, or just looking at a screen saying ""connection/network issues"".The fact that because I've attempted to play over 2 hours of this game (it's not even a game at this stage) I can't get a refund - the policies on Steam are unacceptable, and a team of developers releasing a game to beat another game to the line is also unacceptable if the game is not playable. I support early access games, have and always will do, but not if they are unplayable days still after their release.When speaking to the developers themselves (people that I know who speak to them), they asked how the server company fixed some of the issues, as they themselves as developers didn't know how... shocking."
76561198039424848,Not Recommended,487120,33868296,Posted: 28 July,all,Shadowson,Great game so far have a few issues but its early accessBiggest problem i've had so far is with ping I join a server can run fine a half and hours to an hour later sometimes more my ping will spike and never go down or when I die half the time my ping will spike and not go down.
,Recommended,487120,33886208,Posted: 29 July,all,Queach,Base code and mechanics actually work. Has potential to grow off a proper base game.
76561198069594498,Recommended,487120,33815801,Posted: 26 July,all,Sicynyd,"(3 hours of game play from release day july 26th 2017 from originally writing this review)I recommend this game for the potential (kind of dumb in retrospect) not for the current content, although it can be fun. I haven't experienced any late game content so i'm reviewing it as is with gameplay from an official server. Keep in mind i'm reviewing with a kind of critical approach to explaining the game, I think its a bit better than i'm giving it credit. To some they think it looks pretty good, im going to use ark as my reference for quality, and the effort they put into polish (not for bugs or dumb balancing issues, or the fact that this game has just been realease in EA)GAMEPLAY:Pros:-There seems to be a lot to do in the game world with caves, structures, ruins and strange creatures worshiping statues with loot, the game seems to be focused on gameplay heres hoping to a story and game events.-First person is decently immersive.-The menu systems are different from ark and dnl.-Seem to keep items in your hot bar upon death.-You can builld and craft and equip and level.-You can tame in this sandbox game.-Some interesting features.*-Early spells look cool.-PVP and PVE servers.Cons:-PVP isn't that bad but people will kill becasue they want to, seems like structures aren't really that safe but with high ping pvp is difficult there might not be a point to pve at the current moment with no story, or gameplay beyond exploration, killing, crafting and building and those are limited, I think there needs to be more variety of creatures.-Spells that seem to be strong will be weakend by monsters with giant health pools super accurate magic and they will be faster than you with haste magic and this is early game.-Building is wonky, not flushed out but its not too expensive (probably uses absolute game world positioning for placing).-The game world isn't massive, it just seems that way becasue movement speed is pretty slow.-Only two slots for everything, granted only 4 weapons unlocking and levels is again limited.-You don't gather but one of everything and can't chop trees and harvest rocks traditionally.-There aren't too many things to level up it takes forever to level you will get ganked by enemy's it seems like movment speed is not one of the things you can level.-Ai is very limited, buggy movement for animals and players, ping is a real thing.-Rates and balancing seems to be almost non existent.-Spells don't have a grand scope (limited).-Is there any story content and/or npc's?-Can't walk on steep slopes at all.GRAPHICS AND MENU'S:-Graphics are goodish but also unimpressive because its in ue4 and looks like it was developed with a custom game engine.-Thats not necessarily bad, a bit too much greens and browns, and the trees and grass are kind of low quality 2d ish.-Despite that the game looks interesting if not a bit repetative in nature, its scattered with stuff.*-This game isn't optamized enough for the already not amazing graphics.-Menu's aren't exactly finished, bit buggy, can't edit all of the keybinds but it seems to have controller support and working in game mic.-Character creation is a bit dull but so are the player physics, luckily there is a first person and third person toggle.-35-40 fps with big lag spikes on max graphics, 40-50 on high graphics with the resolution turned down, using gtx 960, water cooled stock 4.0ghz amd fx8350, 16gb of g.skill sniper 1866mhz ram on a average gaming mb with a new hardrive, some others with better hardware seem to get the same frames and some people have lots of stuttering.-Can't really scroll up in chat.VALUE:This game is in the very very early stages it has potential since most of the cons can be fixed while the pros are features, it needs polish and a little more to the gameplay like a story, or at least narrative and more goals, if there is I haven't found it yet. Give the game a try but don't expect for it to be so much better than dnl or ark, if anything its a pretty differen't game in very early development, I hope there will be more and bigger spells, I hope it will be better balanced, optamized, and more creature will be added, I hope for a story and less bugs, and I think this game can eventually do that, but I think its fun enough to try.-TL;DR 6/10 would play again but it needs some time to feel like a fully flushed out game, it will crash-"
76561198408895435,Not Recommended,487120,33868285,Posted: 28 July,all,Holo,Meh its just mehnothing new just another early access gameits not the worst EA game but stillthis game does not know what it wants is it survive ? Is its an MMO ( obs not 40 players servers )Is it an RPG ?I dont know but its only 18 euro hope you devs use our money to make it better.Good luck will update in a few months ( if i dont forget )
,Recommended,487120,33868452,Posted: 28 July,all,Laggytoes,"It's early access, but has regular patches. There are optimization issues and some instance bugginess, but I see this game has a lot of potential. If your looking for something different than Minecraft or Rust but still need to scratch that itch, this might be the game."
,Recommended,487120,33868315,Posted: 28 July,all,TheIvanGlitch [._. ],fells wizard
76561198014133041,Recommended,487120,33868153,Posted: 28 July,all,Neokolzia,"Game definately has alot of potential, server stability issues and bugs with quality of gameplay combat, etc definately need some ironing out understandable.But for now I would give a solid recommended but wait and see approach"
,Recommended,487120,33822364,Posted: 26 July,all,VapeGodTod,"This game is fantastic even though the servers arent that great but its early access what can you do about that but the funny part is, is that it is a more complete game than half of the other ""survival games"". I personally think it is an amazing game in its base form without all the server issues (Even the server issues dont occur that often) it is an amazing game and i recommend it for anyone who loves ark, rust, or any other survival game. ~VapeGodTod"
76561197999412590,Recommended,487120,33824037,Posted: 26 July,all,Striker,So far...  so Good.. Different and fun.
76561198136656129,Recommended,487120,33822385,Posted: 26 July,all,Kamina @pvpro.com CSGO-CASE.COM,"So good game, would recommend, definetly early access, and 100% needs tweaking from devs, ai is mental, and it take time to find a smooth server that is near you, also xp given from any variety is always same so there is no point in killing level 50 orcs, when you can go farm level ones.NOTE: HOTFIX BROKE GAME Curently the ai attack animation doesnt work, and i heard on the main server i play on there are other things such as infinite flight with broom, make this aware to devs asap."
76561197988375908,Recommended,487120,33822885,Posted: 26 July,all,Lee,"give it some time to simmer and get on courseenjoy the ea for what its worth its goodno d/l comparisons . both have ups and downscitadel runs smoothly for most part , theres lag atm , plenty of server issuesi have a decent machine16 gig i7 7700 6gb 1060citadel runs 60 fps half the time and drops others timeshavent touched settings all epicas you play further with the game , the building aspect is very goodand game leads you to explore , its actually a very beautiful graphic wise alot of detail went into the world"
76561198115890560,Recommended,487120,33824018,Posted: 26 July,all,Speedy,10/10 IGN
76561198020724015,Recommended,487120,33817584,Posted: 26 July,all,Aigidos,"Connection is a little hard, server are laggy, ping is sometimes just huge... But for a EA, it's pretty nice. They're on the good way.Can't wait next patchs.PS : He's actually playable, enjoyable, but if you don't like game with issue, don't buy it. IF you're aware about EA, so close your eyes and buy it :)"
76561198083518057,Recommended,487120,33823612,Posted: 26 July,all,kaz,great game!!!!!
76561198045118571,Recommended,487120,33823405,Posted: 26 July,all,Ronnoc,"Building was a little more time consuming than i would have liked but still enjoyable. combat is sort of meh at the moment because enemys rubberband alot causing lots of misses with spells but when it works properly its pretty fun especially against higher level monsters, also I think charcters are currently to reliant on potions (partly because there is no mana or health regen without rings or pools of health or mana) But maybe it gets better at higher levels. And leveling is very grindy so be prepared for that. And i had one random server crash.Tl:dr: great game other than lag and poor connection"
76561198091976103,Recommended,487120,33823411,Posted: 26 July,all,lilxlord1991,would be alot better with more character customization .... good game for now though
76561198045540681,Recommended,487120,33836203,Posted: 27 July,all,GrizzlyAtoms,"This is a good game. Even though its still in alpha there are still some bugs and minor glitches, but still one of the better alpha games i have tried on release.However I ran into a problem connecting to other servers. Server ping would show 51. Once connected to the server i noticed a bit of lag checked and i would have anywhere from 190 - 900 ping. So i started to play on a solo "" hosted my own for myself"" and was able to place the game, alone.The game needs a bit for varity of stuff to do, maybe towns/villages castles ect. It is a huge map and maybe they are there and i havent seem them. Maybe even NPCs that give out quests to do to kill the enemy camps, speaking of camps. When playing on the online servers i did mange to get to one, the chest was opened. When playing offline by myself I was able to loot one. 3 hrs we by and it still didnt respawn. ( no not 3hrs of game time, real time.) I wanted to change my server settings and once logged back in I was then able to reloot the camps.The game is still in alpha, its a great game, and has an even greater future."
,Recommended,487120,33834971,Posted: 27 July,all,The Admiral,"I absolutely love this game. Like a Rust combined with Harry Potter, and a hint of Skyrim. Amazing."
76561198009556255,Recommended,487120,33832844,Posted: 27 July,all,Xeirus,"This is a great game, especially for the price.It's definately early access, there are bugs. But none of them are too distracting from just having pure fun. The PVP is exciting and crazy with spells going off everywhere.Give it a try."
76561198317763340,Recommended,487120,33835321,Posted: 27 July,all,Ruck,Great game. Bit buggy but the devs are on it unlike ARK
76561198250209152,Recommended,487120,33835392,Posted: 27 July,all,JaguarHd,Really fun and addictig but the servers need to be fixed there is too much lag
76561198023865367,Recommended,487120,33819319,Posted: 26 July,all,Loenter,"Guys dont cry about the servers, the game is only a few hours in the store, give this game it's time. I am really enjoying it."
,Recommended,487120,33816195,Posted: 26 July,all,GHOSTFARE,"this game is amazing, i tried it in the beta and liked it, so i bought it.my experinces in this game were pretty great, the building was fine and there weren't that many bugs i found. and those i did find weren't game breaking at all. the devs are responsive and the community...... well lets just say ok.let me tell you a story about the first party i saw going on a dungeon, they were pretty nice and allowed me to get the red nodes inside the caves (idk what they are called), but in the second cave while i was mining they attacked me(probably bcz they wanted the red nodes but they should've told me?), and because i am gandalf the great i defeated them, but after i took their loot i heared fireballs in the distance and i had no health, so i paniced and ran, but the thing was, you should never run in a forest at night, i got attacked by a so called faery(should be devil) and died.11/10 would get into a cave fight over red nodes in a dungeon with 2 players. :D"
,Recommended,487120,33817452,Posted: 26 July,all,Twecker,"Amazing game lots of potential, Remember its EA so give it some time please :D"
,Recommended,487120,33819203,Posted: 26 July,all,Onyourmark*BK*,This game has much potential..... WORKKKK PLEASE!!!!!
,Recommended,487120,33819206,Posted: 26 July,all,Angry Gamer,"was hasty about buying the game at first(even after playing the beta) because i wasn't sure if there was going to be Australian servers, i also saw that the enemies were acting dumb, but after i bought the game i am extreamly happy that there is Australian servers, good optimization( i'm running it on max settings with a gtx 1070 with a stable 60 fps) and the ai seems to be less dumb then it was orignally, this will be my new survival game for awhile, it gives the ark feel i once had about a year ago."
,Recommended,487120,33820155,Posted: 26 July,all,Kougi.exe,"This game seemed to come out of nowhere, with very little hype prior to its release. I played it during its beta, and was very impressed by what I saw. While it does certainly have issues, bugs, and unbalanced gameplay elements, it still manages to feel like it has a ton of potential, while offering a fun experience in its current state.I look forward to seeing how proactive the developers are, and how they respond to community feedback.I also look forward to seeing what modders do with the game, as the developers have said that it will support mods - a feature which I consider important for games like this."
76561198059478585,Recommended,487120,33819689,Posted: 26 July,all,Tabasco Sweet,"This game is fun and has a great concept, that being said it also has a few performance and connection bugs. As it is an early access game I can only see this game getting better in the future, with fixes to connection issues and optimization."
,Recommended,487120,33820129,Posted: 26 July,all,etone,Great game so far Would reccomend for 20 USDi keep crashing though when i rejoin server
76561198000711728,Recommended,487120,33820173,Posted: 26 July,all,Knight Guy,"Interesting, very new, plays like ARK.  Simple look and play, may be worthwhile down the road."
76561198126324883,Recommended,487120,33820090,Posted: 26 July,all,EVENINGPRIMEROSE,great to begin with but need to fix server lag has potential it basicaly unplayable right now
76561198041224586,Recommended,487120,33823880,Posted: 26 July,all,Harllow,"great game, dont hesitate to pick it up!"
76561198226845456,Recommended,487120,33840045,Posted: 27 July,all,Flat Sticks,"I absolutly love the concept of this game. There are many bugs and things, but as it says in the discription, it is only a Early Access Game. I may start streaming this game just so everyone can see how the game operates and how it needs to be fixed.My comments for the game:-There are many surfaces that you cannot stand onlike big rocks or climbing up a kind of steep mountain.-There are many surfaces that your character will fall through. like the ground or the side of mountains.-Gathering only 1-2 wood is a grind in itself.-Material on the ground have been disappearing.-Cave entrances are covered by mountains.ALL IN ALL GUYS, Stick around and watch this game evole and become a great game. almost like rust is today."
76561198145470078,Recommended,487120,33842492,Posted: 27 July,all,kingtiger,great game but you should work on the network lag my ping before i join the server is 60 max after i join play 2 min then the ping go up to 1300 and you can never play like that so please work on that thank you
,Recommended,487120,33826371,Posted: 27 July,all,BlazingWalrus,"After a bit of fiddling I was able to resolve the looting, AI, and other major issues. Once these issues were resolved this game really began to shine.Anyone worried about Early Access should steer clear of this game for a bit. A few quality of life patches will do a lot of good to make this a great game. If you don't mind being subject to severe bugs and want to get in early there's no reason to wait.The game is compared to Ark and Dark and Light due to utilizing the same engine, but this game is more akin to Skyrim when it comes to combat and overall feel. The building system is by far superior to Ark and D&L in every way except for the lack of overriding existing structures (IE replacing existing foundation with new type of foundation). If the devs eventually allow you to replace old structures with new structures then this game will be far superior to ARK/D&L; the game also has a system similar to Structures+ which is an ARK mod.Original ReviewPrivate servers are unable to operate due to game breaking AI bug. AI fails to work causing all NPCs to stand by helplessly as you slaughter them. If this bug is addressed then the game would be pretty fun. 2/10 for EA so far due to completely unplayable PvE bugs."
,Recommended,487120,33844984,Posted: 27 July,all,Walloflesh,"Fun for the 20 minutes I got to play.  If you haven't bought it yet, wait a few months because otherwise you will end up having to start a new character over and over again because it will either magically disappear or the server you picked will."
,Not Recommended,487120,33910084,Posted: 30 July,all,LeMakh,At the moment this game is not playable. I would wait until they fix the servers and some major bugs in the game...
76561198229201376,Not Recommended,487120,33911411,Posted: 30 July,all,dior,ill come back to it when the game is more developed.
76561198052320157,Recommended,487120,33912513,Posted: 30 July,all,Dragejegerene,"32 hous in, and I'm thoroughly enjoying myself.  Cliche as it may be to reiterate this point...  it IS an early access game.  So many people these days don't seem to understand what they should expect going into an E.A. game.  You're $20 is allowing you to access the gameas it's being built.  If you're uneasy about this, check it on youtube, watch someone who's streaming it, etc., and make an informed decision.  Otherwise, wait until the game is closer to release, because (debates on the early access fad aside,) the last thing this game needs is a misleading ratings score derived from unreasonable expectations.  The dev's are working hard, dropping hotfixes and updates frequently, and are attentive and encouraging toward feedback from the playerbase.   The game has loads of potential, and is already quite enjoyable."
76561197978543607,Recommended,487120,33911756,Posted: 30 July,all,Mussorgsky,"It is really important to keep in mind the fact that this is a Beta and undergoing constant updates and development work. That being said, in my opinion, something like this should be judged for its potential moreso than the current state.Seeing what the game is like now, I can tell that they are working on building a truly massive framework to allow for a lot of fun and varied gameplay experience. I would agree with what many others have said that the game is lacking in content at the moment, but things like new enemy types and environment spawn prefabs etc, those are likely among the easiest things to add as the development process continues.Things, such as gameplay balance, exploits, glitches... these are found by people playing the game. Then its up to the devs to fix them. I know there are a few somewhat game ruining things that need fixing immediately and we will see how they will manage the community response.The bottom line for me is that, even in its rough state, this game is still a lot of FUN. The potential here is massive, I hope the devs work hard, pay attention to the community criticism/reaction and make this a truly great game."
76561198034869111,Recommended,487120,33912493,Posted: 30 July,all,ZenMogwai,"OverallIf you're looking for an open world, building, sandbox game to explore over the weekend - don't hesitate.  This should scratch your itch.  In it's current state you should get AT LEAST 20-40 hours enjoyment.  For $1 an hour, the price seems about right.  However, be aware that it is in EARLY ACCESS and what that entails.The game is not yet complete and it has several bugs (technical and gameplay related).  That being said, it is still enjoyable to play in it's current state and shows tremendous potential to get even better.  If the devs are as responsive as they seem, then my guess is that purchasers will be in for more treats and more hours of fun every month as the game progresses until it becomes fully realized.PVPPVP still needs significant work.  It is not balanced in it's current state and base raiding is entirely too easy.  Eventually, however, I think PVP will become a key and attractive feature.  I did have fun in several encounters but I switched to a PVE server until they sort out base defenses.PVEThe PVE is also not ready for prime time yet.  There are some unique and interesting weapon choices.  However, the mob AI is very simple, combat is static and animations are clunky.  I just killed mobs for resources and XP not really because combat was ""fun"".BuildingThe building aspect of the game is probably the most polished feature.  There are a decent amount of options and with a little creativity, you can spend hours building some pretty cool structures.  There aren't many interior features currently (like furniture) and the snap-to geometry is sometimes frustrating but overall building is quite pleasant.ProsBuildingSceneryPlanned FeaturesConsBugs (very playable but don't expect not to notice them)World Size (map is kind of small as is the 40 person server size)Limited Features (the game is still very early in development)"
76561198047953662,Recommended,487120,33912387,Posted: 30 July,all,awais101,This game is pretty good
76561198000946010,Recommended,487120,33912023,Posted: 30 July,all,Technik,"I like wizards, crafting, flying, mounts, and adventure. So far this game has all I want.I would like some changes, extra equipment/accessory slots to take full advantage of all the wearable items.All the other complaints I have like server issues, fps, ai are things that will be fixed in the future.These things are more of a personal preference with the game rather than anything really wrong with it.I'm enjoying my time trying to level and exploring all the dangers that await in the dark. Keep up the hard work."
76561198029726436,Recommended,487120,33911535,Posted: 30 July,all,Deadchill,"For being a newly released game in todays world, it is expected that there will be bugs and unfinished product. This isnt the 90s anymore where a can is fully complete out of the box. With that being said, the game is quite enjoyable. Gorgeous world with lots of potential and gameplay is pretty solid even with the bugs. AI needs work obviously but that will come after server stability is resolved and more optimization. Though I do think we need alot less people with variations of Gandalf...just sayin"
76561198400806589,Recommended,487120,33912668,Posted: 30 July,all,TheButtcheekLover,plz fix fps and server issues other than that its ight
,Recommended,487120,33822089,Posted: 26 July,all,Durtturbine,"Awesome so far. Love the idea of it all.Also Its early access and just released. Stop ♥♥♥♥♥ing about bugs/FPS drops/optimization. They'll get to it.Keep up the great work guys!----------------------------------------------Edit 1----------------------------------------------After the few patches we have my FPS has tanked considerably. I was getting around 50-60 steady on ultra, Now I cant get above 30 at all no matter what settings.Also Fatal crashes.Overall, I still recomend this game. They'll get around to fixing it. There has already been a hotfix a patch and new content added."
,Recommended,487120,33911955,Posted: 30 July,all,Bear,"This is a really fun game to me, yes it is in Early Access, EARLY....ACCESS, there are some bugs yes but the game is fun, but it does get boring when trying to level up some times, but you should really give this game a chance"
76561198018680373,Recommended,487120,33909622,Posted: 30 July,all,Red Beast,"Great game with tons of potential. They've rolled out 1-2 major hotfixes every day since release.Easily one of the most unique open world games I've played this far but it's getting a bad rap from people who think early access means ""completed game,"" go figure."
,Recommended,487120,33911208,Posted: 30 July,all,Doctor,"Wizard simulator, very good if you are a virgin!"
76561198078827611,Recommended,487120,33911856,Posted: 30 July,all,Fluxus,"Very solid Early Access game with wonderful graphics and gameplay.  There's still some mechanics that need to be tuned, but the core concepts are solid and the game is very enjoyable as-is."
76561197981319929,Recommended,487120,33911881,Posted: 30 July,all,Katana,The game is not optimized but it is still really fun. If you like these kinds of games and are used to dealing with EA games you'll probably like this one.
76561198093956560,Recommended,487120,33911601,Posted: 30 July,all,Xynamos,"The game is unique enough to keep me interested in it. Yes the PVP is unbalanced at the moment, but the devs are so far actively patching bugs etc. and hopefully keep that up with content and balancing gear. I personally love the way the game looks. Servers need some optimization to it my fps runs consistently around 60. All in all a great foundation is here for them to build this game upon. If you can handle some EA bugs and glitches then the game is fun."
,Recommended,487120,33911644,Posted: 30 July,all,TuesdayMcBob,"Great game, lots of fun. Theres still plenty of bugs but it just came out the other day. Game had 3 patches since i started playing (Yesterday)"
76561197971704335,Recommended,487120,33911711,Posted: 30 July,all,Preacher,"Listen Barry, you're going to go to Hogwash and do SPELLS and♥♥♥♥♥♥ And you're going to be ♥♥♥♥ING pleased about it!You're going to go to Hogwash, you're going to do spells, you'll get a wand, you'll get a ♥♥♥♥ing owl, it'll deliver your mail - DEAL WITH IT."
76561198049634395,Recommended,487120,33911316,Posted: 30 July,all,garvinc,need work but ridding dragons is fun
76561198055439141,Recommended,487120,33912402,Posted: 30 July,all,verto1011,"--------Citadel----------Pro-Amazing Spells-Diverse Spell Tree-Multitude of different weapons and armors-Boss Exlusive drops-Broom Sticks, Jars that let you fly like Death Eaters From Harrypotter-rideable mounts ""Including Dragons and Griffins""-Good Crafting/Building System-Amazing price for the amount of gamplay included-decent sized map with a good bit of different enemy types-Secret Bosses-Building has certin aspects of physics Example:Build a platform on tower destroy tower peice whole platform drops-The abillity to pull a tree from the ground and throw it at somone's house 10/10-Cons-Server Connection can be pretty bad on un-official Servers-Certin Aspects of gamplay need to be polished In example 3rd Person Veiw looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥-pvp community is pretty autistic but some servers are nice-Game is erly access expect Bugs!-Lvling outside a 10x xp server its just Slow as watching paint dry-Somtime taming doesnt work as well as it should-unfinished game"
76561198018817968,Recommended,487120,33925576,Posted: 31 July,all,123,"This is a great game with enormous potential, the developers have specifically said they are building the game around what their player base wants, so give them your constructive suggestions and feed back not floods of negativity because the game isn't perfect in it's current state.10/10"
,Recommended,487120,33925731,Posted: 31 July,all,Funny Little Human,"Really enjoying this game so far despite its early stages of development! The game has a really elegant and charming feel to it that makes it somewhat reminiscent of the Risen games (but with better combat). The game features a fairly fleshed out skill tree and experience system despite needing a little tweaking and also features a large amount of spells, an in-depth building system, items and creatures. The AI enemies can be a little jumpy and buggy which can be annoying but I have found that the games freedom when it comes to the talent trees to be a huge help for the overall experience. For example, you can invest skills into items (gear), buildable objects, spells, weapons and/or consumables depending on how you wish to play.A word to the wise, get the EXTRACT spell from the get-go! makes gathering resources 10000x easier and quicker!I would also recommend getting the broom ASAP - ITS A FREAKING MOUNT THAT ALLOWS YOU TO FLY!!! ^_^Keen to see what the developers have in store for this one!"
76561198087712174,Recommended,487120,33924450,Posted: 31 July,all,Riddion,"Citadel has a lot of potential and the develepers are working really hard on the game (currently working extremely hard to squash bugs and server issues) there isnt much content at the moment but i am sure the devs will include a lot more in both the near and far future, currently the main things in the game is the sandbox, the crafting and learning spells. so far there is no rpg element in the game, no towns with npcs (like in most mmorpgs) if you are looking to buy the game i reccomend you to wait until more content is released (if you dont like the idea of not having much in the game yet) but if you would like to get the game anyway, play it for yourself and decide if you like it so far and carry on playing is up to you, remember this is early access so the money they get from you buying the game in this stage goes to making the game even better (if loads of people are buying the game then the game is going to get better a lot quicker)"
,Recommended,487120,33924464,Posted: 31 July,all,Quick-Shot-Sam,"its a good game, has its problems but will be amazing im sure one day, worth an investment"
,Not Recommended,487120,33826773,Posted: 27 July,all,Furbodo,"Feels like a spin-off of Ark with a greater emphisis on combat and skill development. For now there is plenty to do, but only time will tell if this game can live up to the great expectations of the Open-World, Base-building RPGs.It got me to play for 6 hours in a single sitting.Update: 7/30, Base Busting is completely unbalanced. Built and lost stone structures in the same day. Too many exploits to pick up now."
,Recommended,487120,33911496,Posted: 30 July,all,✪MeansDead,This game is like rust.You are nothing without ur friends.But it's really good game.Do you want to play together?Add me.
76561198063415080,Not Recommended,487120,33919542,Posted: 30 July,all,Hastighet,"While I've never played Rust, I've researched it and chose that it was not for me.This is Rust with magic and broomsticks.  Wish I knew that before hand.  Regardless I have enjoyed myself while playing this game, until recently.  Read below for more info, or just skip to the final paragraph.Graphics- pretty good, could be better.Sound- The voice chat is a hit or miss, leaning more towards the miss with choppiness and incomprensible speech.Gameplay- Good, though if you're a melee user then you're garbage.  Melee attacks and spells are the most inferior play style in this game, not to mention the 'Iron' armor tree at this time.AI- Pretty stupid.  Needs a serious upgrade or even an overhaul.  I tamed a giant and it refused to fight, just staring at me with a constant ""Urgh"" look on its face.  And fighting wild creatures is horrible.  Sprite, dragons, and orcs are the only real enemies in terms of AI.  Everything else is too stupid to do anything significant.  Orcs for their part are extremely stupid though.  The crossbowmen throw knives instead of shooting arrows/bolts for ♥♥♥♥s sake!  I thought they were arrows till I looked down and saw I got hit by a kinfe, and the melee orcs are somehow worse cuz they can throw three knives at once.  The arc of those knives is pretty bad too.  All in all, the AI are really stupid and need to be redone.Servers- The connections are garbage.  The server that I played on for most of my time with this game had to restart nearly every hour, and it would be offline for up to 30 minutes or more.  One night it was off for about 4-5 hours.  It was an unofficial server sure, but with the official servers you have no way to naturally regenerate mana.  Kind of a garbage concept if you're playing a mage game like this, you know?  If you're not going to have naturally regenerating mana, at least make some better melee options.Community- Mixed feelings.  Again, like Rust (probably because many Rust players are now playing this game to an extent).  I was playing on a PvP server and was thinking it would be like the PvP servers of Ark.  In one way it is, in another not at all.  You can walk up to people and not even know who they are which makes any encounter with another player dicey.  You won't know if they are the ones that just raided and killed you, or just some random people trying to play the game.  I myself just got base wiped and I only know two of the people's names cuz they fessed up to it in chat.  The Devs really need floating name tags or something so you don't have to be right up on them and pointed directly at them to know who the ♥♥♥♥ they are.  I've played on that PvP server I mentioned for about 30-31 hours since I bought this game, and for the first 31ish hours the player base was alright.  You had people that thrived in PvP, but most weren't griefing so it was all good.  Then out of nowhere comes the highest level players in the server and they completely base wiped myself and several others merely for giggles.I realize that the community point is the most lengthy, but that is the main reason that I can not recommend this game.  As long as this game is played by those that enjoy playing as griefers, I can not recommend it in any way, shape, or form.  The game itself has promise.  The current community on the other hand, who can tell?"
,Recommended,487120,33919573,Posted: 30 July,all,HypeRStrikeR,"Fun, you don't have to spend years taming one creature. Actually feel like I am progressing RPG wise too instead of instant leveling like ARK's games.Early access always going to lag, be buggy, etc."
76561198049001097,Recommended,487120,33919697,Posted: 30 July,all,Dukeleto,"good for early access, I probably ouldnt get it right now, but if they stick with it and do another year of development I think that it will become really good."
,Recommended,487120,33920968,Posted: 30 July,all,XelaW,"It's in early access so you get what you get, however other than server issues this game seems to have a rock solid start and out of the 23 hours ive played ive enjoyed most of it!"
,Not Recommended,487120,33836362,Posted: 27 July,all,DaveThePsycho,"-This game needs more creature and a higher level of difficulty At level 30 you can solo pretty much all pack of mobs so *endgame* is boring.-(level 25) telekinesis spell can break ANY base... why spend 10 Hours of building base if you can break my wall in 4 minutes.-Healing and mana potion may need a cooldown, you can spam mana potion and fly over the ENTIRE map in like 10 min and see everything or spam health potion for infinite HP."
,Recommended,487120,33915249,Posted: 30 July,all,◕DeadWatch◔,it's Early AccessGood game just has MANY updates to go before it's a fully functional game.
76561198069830309,Recommended,487120,33915271,Posted: 30 July,all,The Sleuth,"So just going off of the game concept, I love this game. I know thier are quite a few issues with the netcode and many other areas of the game, but once this game is ready for full release I would definitley put this game up there with some of my favorites. I do intend to put many more hours into this game"
76561198117147795,Not Recommended,487120,33915306,Posted: 30 July,all,~Kip~,content file locked
76561198045386833,Recommended,487120,33915004,Posted: 30 July,all,N.O.S,Its a realy fun game. Can't wait to see what the future holds.
76561198133149369,Recommended,487120,33914865,Posted: 30 July,all,TheBertannianEmpire,"Note: This game has just released to Early Access and has BUGS of cancer. That does not mean its a bad game and you shouldnt get it now. Bugs take awhile to fix so it may take some time, but the game itself is great.Pros: The games concept is great and I mean great. The game itself, the terain, the Magic and the mobs is stunning. It is a bit hard to see the small things, because of the graphics style, but overall it is great.Cons: Right now the game does have Bugs. A major bug would be, The Network Connectivity Bug. This bug ruins the experience that you want becasue, of the major wait you have to go through of it actually doing what you want it to do.Also I do not know if it is a bug or not but the frame rate drops when you connect to a server outside a certain ping range. So if you have peopel from the EU wanting to connect to a NA server. There fps drops dramtically and stays there. That includes major lag spikes on that server for the players over seas. It doesnt matter how good your pc is you will still get the same amount of fps no matter what setting you put the graphics settings at. This is a major issue that they really need to figure out. Network connectivity is ver important for the players experience.Recomendation: My recommendation is if you want to get the game go right ahead i like it, but i will not play it till there is a fix on the network cponnectivity it is very hard to do anything. If you want to see how the game looks for your self yes buy the game try it out. Just dont suspect there will be no problems when you do so. As I said the game is great, but there are bugs that really need to fix before people will want to pay it.OVERALL I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS GAME FOR THE FUTURE"
,Recommended,487120,33914767,Posted: 30 July,all,Ellioso,"Great early access game, although there have been problems recently with lag, ai and servers the devs have been quick to update the game. Can't wait for new content updates."
76561197985758224,Recommended,487120,33926570,Posted: 31 July,all,Beardo||ShowMeWhatYouGot,"I am a fan of this Genre, ie Sandboxy gather/hunt/build games like ARK. I'm pretty forgiving to early access games when they've just launched, and this one is no exception. There are a lot of features missing that you would expect to see, like NPCs, Towns, any kind of quest system, but I assume that's all coming.Even without all that stuff, the game is a lot of fun. There is plenty to do in the early game, and the leveling/skill system is strong enough already that you will find the fun. The game has great bones and should only get better with the coming features. This is one to buy and watch!"
,Recommended,487120,33929593,Posted: 31 July,all,capsure,"It has great potential and further along than most EA games ever get...Fundementally everything seems to be in order, obviously there are bugs and not everything works, or is implemented but it has the look and feel to be a very good game when its all said and done.  People complaining about balance issues, or other game play mechanics related to pvp are idiots... All those things get worked out as people play the game and exploits are found... Its in EA for a reason and down voting the game because its in EA makes no sense... People telling you to ""save"" your money are the worst... I'll spend my money how I want, and just because you are an idiot and don't understand what EA means yet they paid $20 for a game they have 40 hours in... Clearly they had no fun and wasted their money on a game that isn't even done... Bunch of sour salty ♥♥♥♥♥♥s"
,Recommended,487120,33929389,Posted: 31 July,all,egmon003,good concept just needs some work in;combatmore enemy'smore things to do late game
,Not Recommended,487120,33930836,Posted: 31 July,all,ImperiumOfGaming TV,"15 quid of not really worth it tbh, The telekinesis ability is game destroying, pvp and pve people just remove all sections of your base and nothing can be done about it, the servers are like ubisoft servers, the exp grind is pretty boring tbh, the build system being all snap and no free turning kinda sucks.Id suggest people to not get this and go to Dark and Light"
76561198020738071,Not Recommended,487120,33932265,Posted: 31 July,all,Hardcase,"Server browser is the worst I have ever seen you cannot sort the servers or find the servers you have been on at all, no way to sort by type, ping or number of players, server list is flooded with server version mismatch, history and favorites DO NOT work."
,Recommended,487120,33932211,Posted: 31 July,all,dom is a nerd lol,"Really fun game with LOADS of potential.For a game in early access it doesnt dissappoint in features. The only problems ive encountered so far are some menu bugs and some bad optimization. definitley worth the purchase if you're a fan of ARK, and to an extent rust. Really excited to see where the team takes this game, they've got so much to work with."
,Recommended,487120,33963456,Posted: 1 August,all,RealityAskew,"Really enjoying the game right now.  Most of the issues it's having are because of some instability on the regular servers with more than 10 people on.  I rent a server, locked it to prevent griefing, and only allow family and friends in.    That makes the experience much, much better.  Sure it has a few bugs, but the devs are releasing fixes every couple days."
76561197979565610,Recommended,487120,33960503,Posted: 1 August,all,kantin,"Awsome Idea. Its awsome seeing the Devs hard at work on it, instead of going off and party."
76561198269239355,Recommended,487120,33962891,Posted: 1 August,all,Salty584,"this game is amazing when played with friends you really feel exited when playing ""least i do"" i would love to see the game grow such as role play servers with ""hogwarts"" and events in game like quitidge, i also feel like the broom stick should not use as much mana if any thats one thing i dislike it just sucks back your mana like crazy but other than that i love the game, i would also love to see more wand types and spells, some spells could be bringing somone like a teammate back to life or your pet dragon etc, i love the atmosphere its a beautiful world the game is like skyrim and ark had a baby plus add in some harry potter to that, over all i would see my self putting in hundreds of hours  in the game as long as its updated alot and well taken care off!"
76561198071106086,Recommended,487120,33961442,Posted: 1 August,all,Respek Muh Name,PLEASE FIX YO SHI*. THIS NON OPTIMIZATION AND 6FPS ON SERVER SELECT SCREEN IS.... SHAME ON YOU
,Recommended,487120,33967584,Posted: 2 August,all,bonelessflea,"I read a few bad reviews on this game and I strongly disagree with most of them.I am very picky, especially on early access games. This one is different since day one the Devs have listened and been involved. This is a game you will regret not buying at $20. Just came out and I see they already have new content I cant wait to try out..I read one of the players refunded after only playing 2 hours in to the game. How do you determine a game like this in 2 hours?*internally vomits*Building 8/10 (Love building turretst to defend my house)Combat 6/10 (only because public servers lag a lot and makes it hard)PVE 7/10 (tamed creatures AI is sometimes unresponsive, but not always, still fun)PVP N/A (have not tried it out yet)Crafting - 8/10 (challenging, but not too hard)Extra note: I have only had 16 hours played and this game has already paid for itself in entertainment to me.(I pay $20 to go to the moives for 2 hours wth my gf)"
,Recommended,487120,33927081,Posted: 31 July,all,Johnny,Enjoying the game so far :)
,Recommended,487120,33926946,Posted: 31 July,all,McDandyScreech,"This game is a lot like Skyrim in a sense, but multiplayer. It has a building aspect, moderately complex skill tree, and has unique gameplay mechanics. I recommend this game more so than I would recommend against it. I see a lot of negative reviews regarding some issues in the game. IT IS EARLY ACCESS GUYS.Some things are very buggy. Monsters do not attack as well as they seem to get stuck in place as well. This is the only bug I was faced with in the 45 minutes of playtime.The game runs really well, I experienced no lag with the recommended system requirements.Some things feel left out as well. I would love to see in the future an archer skill tree, along with more monsters and animals. If the devs see this, please dont rush this. I dont want another ARK where the current issues are ""fixed"" with more additions thus creating more issues.This game really will be something in a few patches and I recommend this for anyone who enjoyed Skyrim or had their dreams crushed with Dark and Light."
76561197964665535,Recommended,487120,33953211,Posted: 1 August,all,Cpt †iddles™,yeah decent game just connection issues and runs like crap worth a bash soon as fixed
,Recommended,487120,33952703,Posted: 1 August,all,Mansku,I like this game a lot. I look forward to what the future brings <3
76561198145331288,Recommended,487120,34048190,Posted: 5 August,all,Anstance,"Great Game with so much potential, A lot of fun just to go out explore, leveling up is not a snooze fest, Just overall enjoyable, BUT the amount of issues with the game is unreal, Amount of lagging, Crashing, Bugs, I feel like im playing an Alpha version rather then an early release, once all that is fixed game will be purely awesome"
,Recommended,487120,34046794,Posted: 5 August,all,Paul T,"This game needs a ton of work, but I had a lot of fun with it in the time I played and can see a lot of potential here.Giving it a thumbs-up because even though there's a lot that's unpolished about the game, it was well worth my $20, many will enjoy it right off the bat, and it needs our support to continue to grow into what it can be.  It's a marginal thumbs-up, but still a thumbs-up.Having said that, the developers do need to massively improve the AI, add a lot more player abilites, improve the frame rate, and do a massive amount of work on balancing.  I spent the game dying til I got to level 5, at which point I got Fireball and most enemies were easily killed by spamming them with fireballs while moving backwards."
76561197985994504,Recommended,487120,34053394,Posted: 5 August,all,Wallishall,"This game is alot of fun to play, when the servers are not crashing.It's early access so I'll give it lots of leeway.  It's what I expected Daybreak to make Landmark into, only for some reason the big company couldn't get their act together and constantly took...  water under the bridge... sorry allAnyway, this game is alot of fun.  Be sure to see some basic game play videos then just jump in.  Don't be affraid to die, you will.  Don't be affraid to try something, it'll be fun.How will this stack up to dark and light?  That is the question as these two seem to be competing and that one seems further ahead from what I've heard, only I bought this game, so am having fun in it."
76561198072189815,Recommended,487120,34053923,Posted: 5 August,all,Noah,"Okay this game is another survival game, this time with magic, i like it but it needs a few more things.- Hotkeys. For just everything dropping and stuff, use the whole keyboard or let them be bound.- Optimized. But i understand my computer is under specs but i wanted to try it.- The building system could be done a bit differently, it's awkward to work.I haven't gotten all that far but I'm feeling a kinda Ark: Survival Evolved and Harry Potty ark had a baby.And as Little Citadel grew up he hung out with Skyrim. And I mean it's not perfect and shows potential. Overall I had fun, please keep updating."
,Recommended,487120,33882902,Posted: 29 July,all,TheWorldiSaVampyre,I recommend this game. Worth the money and wait for patches.
,Recommended,487120,33971357,Posted: 2 August,all,Siegfire,Citadel is a great game with a handful bugs. But for an early access title it's quite far along and is well worth adding to your collection!  The Devs have shown their care for the game by staying on top of community questions and providing content patches. There is always something to look forward to and as time goes on this game will become something great!
76561198070512677,Recommended,487120,33957502,Posted: 1 August,all,Beltashazzar,"Citadel: Forged with Fire EA ReviewI would like to emphasise: The game is inEARLY ACCESSThis review is targeted at the developers, since I personally really enjoy the game and would like to see it realise its full potential. To clarify, I have spent roughly 2 days playing the game.Citadel, at the moment, has a number of great issues. It also has many, MANY good things going for it. Those who purely criticise it have not picked up the enjoyable content of the game, for various reasons.Lets go through the good things first:Pros:AMAZING Building system.One of my favourite aspects, and what I have spent hour after hour doing, is building my own castle. The game trully allows you to let your imagination fly.Good customisation.Leveling up is decent and challenging.The landscape is charming.These are great qualities going for it, however, there are, of course, issues which need fixing.Cons:Crashing and instability.IMPORTANT POINT: IHAVE NOT HADthis issue. It seems to be a problem with less powerful PCs and Graphical cards. It IS something that needs to be looked into, but it has not been an issue for me. In the long run, the devs need to streamline and stabalise the game if they plan on making it the gem it should become.Glitching:Most of the game runs smoothly for me, but there are certain glitches which can become annoying, e.g. Spell cooldown glitch, where you cannot cast spells after dying or logging in; Becoming stuck in place while running from an NPC etc.Graphics:The character models need more refining. They look dated and movement feels clunky. A game which wants to be competitive in 2017 MUST at least try to look like a game from 2017. Spell animations should also be improved, since, after all, this is a wizard game. No point in playing a wizard game if your magic does not look the part.Tutorial:The game kind of drops you in and there is little to no guidance. It is slightly unintuative as to what you are supposed to do. While, yes, it is a survival game, it may be helpful to add a bit more tutorial help for beginners. Otherwise, I advise new players to start on a PvE server until you learn the game.Choices:It is still early days but I would like to put this on the table - PLEASE ADD MORE CHOICES ^_^ Mainly more spells but also more building and gear choices. This is a world of wizards! Lets expand it and make it FEEL like one.Overall, I CANNOT WAIT until this game is finished. PLEASE, do not stop working on it! Thank you for the work you're doing and I want to encourage you not to pay attention to the negative people who are cricufying you for your game. KEEP WORKING and I feel like this may become the Wizards' Minecraft ^_^Good Luck!!!"
76561197989394953,Recommended,487120,33951047,Posted: 1 August,all,RadioCyclone,"This game is exactly what you think it is. An early access survival game in the vein of ARK and Rust with an emphasis on magic. It's (week one of) early access, so things like AI are pretty bad. There are occasional building glitches, but so far, building has been mostly fine. Our small group has had no real connection problems, and crashes are fairly rare (but do happen).If you're tired of early access survival games but think this one will be different, don't get your hopes up too much. The magic element adds a lot but isn't that revolutionary. If you haven't burned out on survival games and want to try something a little different, this might be the game for you. We have yet to see how this game fares long term in terms of updates and support, but it is cheap enough that I feel like I have almost already gotten my money's worth at about 9 hours in game. If that math doesn't add up for you, perhaps reconsider."
76561198093138949,Recommended,487120,33951057,Posted: 1 August,all,GrumpyEwok,"I was a little overwhelmed for the first 20 minutes.  The rest of my 3 hours so far, over three days, has been honestly very good.  There's a lot of potential here."
76561198037274388,Recommended,487120,33944427,Posted: 1 August,all,Lucky.Luke,"The game itself is well done, it has cruel graphics and the thought behind everything is good, but it does not have such a simple thing as mouse sensitivity. I think you should try the game, but for me the game is unplayable with the feeling that it is now.No option for mouse sensitivityThe option in the settings only affects gamepads.I can't remember the last game I played which didn't support this. Oh yeah, because EVERY GAME HAS THIS. This makes the game unplayable for me."
76561197962174349,Recommended,487120,33970202,Posted: 2 August,all,shippy4tw,"This game shows a tremendous amount of promise. Plays like an Elder Scrolls, Harry Potter, Minecraft hybrid. Lots of fun and is very stable for an early access build."
76561198017669252,Recommended,487120,33968341,Posted: 2 August,all,TwisteD,"good game, kind of a mix between Elder scrolls and rust/ark"
,Recommended,487120,33976385,Posted: 2 August,all,Munckis,"Single player runs like a champ and I had zero issues at almost 2 hours of play.  Logged onto a public server with 12ish players online, every 2-3 mins get a lockup and hard game engine crash.  Hopefully gets repaired, what I've seen of the game I really like so far.  Will for sure keep an eye on this one.While I do recommend this game for single player at the moment, will have to wait and see how bugs get fixed in the near future for multiplayer."
,Recommended,487120,33976394,Posted: 2 August,all,Axiyom,"Fantastic Game, I usually don't like grinding, but it feels so addicting. Obviously there is still a lot of work that needs to be done, but for 20 dollars, I already think i've gotten my moneys worth. With the future in store, and a lot of more improvements in gameplay and in the direction they are heading with the amount of content they are releasing already; this is definitely worth while."
,Recommended,487120,33976408,Posted: 2 August,all,Saskl,"Its a great game, yes has some bugs and small issuses, but devs are patching constently so i give them credit for that. Also the Building is great and have allot to play about with.Highly Recomend."
,Recommended,487120,33978044,Posted: 2 August,all,Tiger Weeds,"The game has HUGE potential, it is a combination of MMORPG like WOW with Survival games like Rust or DayZ.The dev should really improve the Guild system and have more random and loot variations. So far not many people play as melee class, which means dev can improve and introduce other classes such as rouge, ranger and tank. The currently game is very buggy and AI is terrible, I can only play the game with average of 30 to 40 fps. But other than that, I recommend this game to anyone feeling adventureous to purchase an early access game."
76561198022020037,Recommended,487120,33978220,Posted: 2 August,all,Stannis The Mannis,"the game is alot fun and like most ""survival"" games its best played with friends but unlike most others (like ark) it doesn't have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ hunger/thirst system so you can just go straight into the fun and cast spells n♥♥♥♥♥♥the optimization is pretty meh (i get 50-60 fps with a gtx 1070 and i7). The devs are constantly updating it which shows promising signs for the future.TLDR: Alot of fun some of the time glitchy ai but worth it as long the devs continue the current way"
76561198071442395,Recommended,487120,33958202,Posted: 1 August,all,Qqudesnik,"They did it! They've done that pach!!!! Now everething is fine - no lags, cool fps, huge amount of bugs, glitches etc have been fixed. ""Up to 10 times server performance improvements"" - thats true. I had at least 400ms ping last week, but now it does not up more than 80 on server with 30+ players.  Also fps often sucks. I got 15 sometimes with my gtx 1060. Now it is 50-60 and never goes less. Buy this game now! You will like it! No matter will you play solo or with friends this game is AWESOME!!!"
,Recommended,487120,33819142,Posted: 26 July,all,RIC_EVIL,Latest patch has resolved the server lag issues
76561198158225477,Recommended,487120,33972365,Posted: 2 August,all,Master Humpledink,"The core game is great, but it has some major issues - mostly being performance and balance.I'd honestly wait a month if you're not sure whether you want to buy in now, but you can definitely get some fun out of the game as it is."
76561198003360363,Recommended,487120,33972538,Posted: 2 August,all,Azor Ahai,Only a few days in but so far it's the most fun I have had with a survival game. I love that I can fly and and tame dragons I can ride. I can only imagine what this game could become as it pushes forward. This is one early access purchase I am VERY happy with. The landcape is beautiful and the graphics are impressive for early access. We all know the polish that can be done on Unreal and I look forward to that. Server stability is being worked on.
76561198023185401,Recommended,487120,33983710,Posted: 2 August,all,maindarkmaster,"Game shows promise for how early along it is. In current state I would recommend holding off, but appears to be a game worth following. Devs seem to be quite active in rolling out fixes and content, but realistically I would give it atleast a month or two before I would considering really getting into it.Currently the game looks beautiful, with a decent variety of creatures/content currently in game. I expect once polished this could be a very decent game, rivaling ARK, but with a more fantasy/magic based setting.TLDR Classic case of a promising early access game, good one to keep an eye on as long as you understand what early access means. If you don't know what early access actually means youll be disapointed and should just wait for the full release."
,Not Recommended,487120,33817336,Posted: 26 July,all,A Mad Midget,"I will just spell it out as simple as it is. Or complicate it a little bit :P. Game has potential and they fixed quite a few problems from the start, but in a sluggish manner. Me, I've been a player of H1Z1 before they split the game apart. I know how a game can have an enormous potential to be in the top of the market but be ruined by devs. And starting now, I don't like these devs proceed with patch notes saying they fixed something when they obviously don't. We all remember the fatal error (that we still get from time to time even though theoretically it's completely fixed). They had patch number 1 to patch number 10 saying they fixed the fatal error (and they were all addressing to the same fatal error bug, not multiple ones). Maybe that was hard to fix. But in yesterday's patch, they said they fixed the XP bar which is 9 million by mistake from lvl 58 to 59. Well guess what, I just made lvl 58, and the XP bar is still 9 million. This isn't hard to fix, just my guess, yet they put it in the patch note as fix and they didn't fix it. Just for that, you have a ""No"". Just until you prove me that I was in the wrong with my assumptions that you will keep going on like this."
76561198022088095,Not Recommended,487120,33904259,Posted: 30 July,all,Smols,"Four words: Low Level Fatal ErrorI can no longer even join a server because of this. Each patch has made it worse than before. They don't seem to really care about this issue. They keep adding trivial content, but aren't focusing on performance issues with the game."
76561198098650575,Recommended,487120,33976681,Posted: 2 August,all,Drakelord336,"Its a fun game, been dealing with Early Access titles varying different genre's, even with some temporary minor issues regarding game mechanics (an example being a spell that can take your house apart, etc.) that they are going to be tuning soon. Bug-related incidents moreover dont complicate the games worth at all. Its a set-back sure, but honestly thats foryouto decide.My two cents on the game? I bought it, im having fun with it, just about the waiting game for these updates. Hopeful that the potential outcome of the game will influence more positive admirance to how the game functions."
76561198024109962,Recommended,487120,34084618,Posted: 7 August,all,Lucsriat,"The most awesome and well optimized , customizable (buildings and stuff) survival game ever !!! Be sure to give it a try or at least watch it a bit. If u r a fantasy game / Skyrim fan u'll absolutely love it . Thumbs up!! Glad to see a working team that considers the community :)"
,Recommended,487120,33984833,Posted: 2 August,all,bman78,Edit 8/7/12you need to delete the save file in order to play a new custom game.  this is a known issue from the developers and there is a plan fix for it.its meant to be played in groups with some people going down one skill tree and other players doing something else.combat is sorta easy in pve just fly on the broom and shoot the enemys on the ground.  most range attacks from the mobs are easy to dodge.  you just need to heal your mana as you do this.over all i am still enjoying it.  you can build some cool castles and the devs have been adding content at a good rate.Original review:Nice change to the sandbox game.  a hug focus on magic with the ability to get a flying broom relatively early on in the game.   combat is great with the combo of the different magical powers.  i have only done single player or a private server with my son so far.
76561198188075525,Recommended,487120,34090193,Posted: 7 August,all,Jonny The Terrorist,"The open world is rich and full with adventure. Always something to discover, there are bugs that need a fix but the game is amazing, my first mmorpg!"
76561197981367236,Recommended,487120,34087865,Posted: 7 August,all,Mekada,"Need some more polish but great fun. Worth the ""hours of fun/$"" ratio."
76561198215456503,Recommended,487120,34092969,Posted: 7 August,all,juliamatz11,I was skeptical about buying this being an early access game but I am obsessed! Some bugs here and there but that is expected. I can't wait for the finished product!
76561198090021509,Recommended,487120,34091893,Posted: 7 August,all,Iron_Fetus33,fix your servers please!
,Recommended,487120,34094218,Posted: 7 August,all,NoBlackThunder,"Not really getting why this game has mixed reviews.I am giving it a thumps up because it has greate potentialFirst of all what this game feels like.Think about a mix between wow, Ark and harry potter.Right now the game is kinda empty but the developers have confirmed group raids and stuff like that and playermade quest options. On top of that there is the options in the future to mod the game ( stuff that is all not in yet)  It is basically your own MMO sandbox. Right now there are only some of the core features in it and it can get somewhat borwing, especially when you are alone. But with the planed features and player controlled story etc it can be easily get to be a real great game. I see personally huge potential in this game with what is in there and what is to come.So if you like the idea of what is to come show developers your support and buy the game.If you are unsure about the game and the idea alone is not the risk but you want fun gameplay now look for a more complete game. This game is still in early stages of its development and has allot of systems missing that could make it potentialy make it fast boring.Though i am still giving my thumps up !"
76561198141722604,Recommended,487120,34098411,Posted: 8 August,all,Amusma,"While this game has a very long way to go, it is extremely entertaining. The devs seem to have a lot in store for us in the future, and I can honestly say I've already gotten my money's worth as is. I'm excited to see how it evolves in the future."
,Recommended,487120,34086458,Posted: 7 August,all,LoneWolf007,"I'm going to say yes to this game, but i'm on the fence because of 1 or 2 issues with PVP which i'll get to later.If you're into Ark, Rust, or any survival game where you need to build a base, you have that here. Definitely find a group to play with because you can't get every skill unlocked, not even close, and currently it does not look like there is a way to reset the tree.You can tame creatures, which consist of things like bear, wolf, elk, gryphon, dragon, to name a few, but in order to keep them loyal you must farm to build up their time limit. Yes, once you have them, if you ignore them they will disappear. They start with 30 min. loyalty, and early on you can only increase this by 4 hours per item, stacking the time to as high as you want which is a really easy farm I might add.Base building is ok, but wood wont last long, it takes a tier 2 weapon roughly 8 minutes to get through a door or wall, so my recommendation is what it always is for games like this, more doors, more floors, fake chests. One of the draw backs to building is the larger doors, which only have 5000 hp, as opposed to the 27000 a small door has. This kind of forces you to put a fence around your building, if you want minimum defense for your animals as they cannot fit through small doors. "" DO NOT "" put them in your house, they will fall through the foundation, and chances are they won't always pop back up when you put them on follow.Regardless to where you are in the world, if your pet is on Stay / Defense, he will try to run to you if you get hit, so he needs a pen!If you are on a PVP server at this point, griefing is pretty bad. You cannot access another players chest while in their building without destoying their Throne chair. Smashing the chest just causes the chest, and all of the items inside to go away, which only takes about a minute to do. If they find the throne, that can also be destroyed in a minutes time, and once that goes, all of your chests can be accessed. The worst part about this is now they are free to steal the entire building by putting down their own chair. Chances are you're being raided by someone with a better base already in which they might leave it, but I havent seen that happening. A structure with no claim means you can modify it, such as going into build mode and simply destroying all the foundations. Good bye base."
76561198025456418,Recommended,487120,34100336,Posted: 8 August,all,Rich,I am enjoying it...so i am giving it the thumbs up. Simple as that.
,Recommended,487120,34074051,Posted: 6 August,all,infiniToaster,"Citadel definitely deserves better than an overall review of ""Mixed""The game is genuinely fun and exciting without the tediousness of other survival games. It feels more like an mmo but with more freedom (and less people).Yes, it is buggy (and the FatalError thing is painful) but it is still incredibly fun, and I can't wait for the full release.(While for others it seems to run a bit poorly, for me it runs at a 40-60fps, which is pretty good considering that my internet is not the best)"
,Recommended,487120,34075965,Posted: 6 August,all,Goshen,"Movement is smooth, combat has a great feel to it(what would you expect from Unreal engine), I enjoy the adventure elements, and the ability to specialize when in a group.  Looking forward to more."
76561198196657094,Recommended,487120,33913306,Posted: 30 July,all,Black,"Server Lag for the most part has been fixed, the game is very enjoyable now!  Defintely worth buying!"
76561198105951003,Recommended,487120,34069921,Posted: 6 August,all,2ndhandsaint,"Ok, so let me start off by saying this game does have its quarks and bugs but that is to be expected from an early access, so no more talk about that. Citadel has HUGE potential, theres more than a couple things that need fleshing out, but nothing that the VERY HARD WORKING DEVS WHO ARE HOTFIXING AND PATCHING ALL THE TIME cant fix. Just playing this game i find myself loving the fact im my own warlock and i get to run around and do wizardy crap, its such fun and its so simple. The game has got a more than decent ammount of content, there a ton of crafting and building to do in this game. One thing iv seen a lot of complaint about is the grind.....so this game is kind of a grind but that im ok with, i like to work for my rewards and even then it doesnt feel like its a chore to gather and grind in this game. I would like to see a bit more variety and creativity in some of the gear and  loot, some of it just feels kind of cloned or half assesd...but you cant really see it anyway so its not a big deal. People seem to be friendly and not of the murder hobo sort most of the time so that a pro. in shot id say give this game a chance if your into wizards and magic or if you enjoy a new experiance....but not if your someone who cant stand a few bugs or some grind. I truly hope the devs keep moving how they are cause this game could be great."
76561198159879872,Recommended,487120,34063106,Posted: 6 August,all,™SiN™,"* 6/10 * as of yesterday ( 7.8.2017 )Why ? High ping even after server reset, server wipes - resulting in loosing my progress, castle i lost on which i spend hours building. etc ...Do not play this game, unless you dont mind starting over and over multiple times. And deal with high ping 200 - 600ms"
76561198041897376,Recommended,487120,34070281,Posted: 6 August,all,StylePts,Fun game its still in testing so dont be so critical. Yes most games these days do the early access♥♥♥♥♥♥and its annoying. Since you stand by and donate hoping to see a full release that never happens. So far this game is a skyrim / rust / ark mix. If you enjoy those you should like this. This focuses on the PVE a bit more but a good time doing it. Game keeps you active with leveling system that forces you to craft certain tables etc .. to get better gear and other goodies. Closest game to a new elder scrolls i can find. At least with the feel of the music and surrondings.
,Recommended,487120,34029792,Posted: 4 August,all,TommyNoble,"It's pretty fun, but hold off for bug fixes and optimization if that is a deal breaker for you."
76561198094796594,Recommended,487120,34031888,Posted: 4 August,all,Nerd4Life,"17 hours in and still enjoying the game. Obviously, the bugs need ironing out and more content needs to be added, but hey, its in the alpha stage and for 19 euros I can honestly say that I've already had my money's worth and still going strong. So Citadel gets a big thumbs up from me!Keep up the good work, guys!"
,Recommended,487120,34034109,Posted: 5 August,all,Gh0zTN3T,Great game even for early dev stages. Can't wait to see it fully realized.I love that the dev's also take feedback from the public on what direction to take the game its refreshing to see them so involved unlike most other early games going for the cash grab.
,Recommended,487120,34033644,Posted: 5 August,all,Kel,111hrs. in.I like it.
,Recommended,487120,34034596,Posted: 5 August,all,Paragon,It's good
,Recommended,487120,34018465,Posted: 4 August,all,deen wispa,It's a flower picking game.
76561198029253763,Recommended,487120,34018364,Posted: 4 August,all,Junry,Heading in a positive direction. But graphics need some love!
,Recommended,487120,34014519,Posted: 4 August,all,Mr. Blackwell,"Love it. Brand spanking new and right out the gate the developers are releasing patches. The game in its infant state is still a bunch of fun, you can the designers and producers have had some experince. I assume the overall rating of ""Mixed"" must be from folks who don't bother to do the 10 seconds of readings to know this is a brand new Early Access.P.S. Just a suggestion, wait on the PvP servers. Any game this early has a good chunk of balancing to do still."
76561198272928647,Recommended,487120,34002253,Posted: 3 August,all,ButtMunch,"This game is really fun. Many compare it to ARK, but it is so much better. Even though just now getting into it and it being in Early Access, there is a lot of content to see and explore. It runs smoothly and they are fixing bugs with patches. I have high hopes for this game! Hope it doesnt stay in Early Acess forever like some other games have."
76561198030860247,Recommended,487120,33915515,Posted: 30 July,all,Mutaat,"8/3/17 - Review update:  I have changed my review to a 'Yes'.  The developer rolled out a major patch yesterday that fixed 99% of the things I initially complained about below, including my frame rated jumping from sub 20 to low 30's with everything on max.  The game is now playable and enjoyable.Ok, I really hate to leave this review, but after playing 6 hours I am forced to go negative.  I will change this review when they get some core bugs worked out.  I know this is pre-release and I am hopeful this will be fixed.  BTW, all my play time has been on one official PVE server with sub 100ms ping, usually sub 50ms.Pro:  Game is awesome, from graphics to UI, to crafting/gathering, etc..  super solid.Cons:- LAG- Disappearing resources due to lag.  You will see them and when you walk closer they disappear.- Bug that renders you spell casting unusable.  Usually when this happens you have to unbind the spell from the weapon, un-equip the weapon and quit the game.  Sometime it takes 2 or 3 time for this to work. (If you haven't played yet, you absolutely MUST have a spell bound to a weapon or you are gonna be very crippled)- When you do log in, it can take from 2 to 3 minutes for your base to fully appear (maybe more since my base is sosmall).  Again this appears to be LAG- Takes forever for the 'favorites' or 'history' servers list to populate.  Again probably LAG.- LAGSo again it is with sadness that I have to go negative here, but the cons are so annoying that they are breaking the immersion.  Your mileage may vary.  If you are on the fence about the game, for now I would say no, but check back in a month and I am sure they will have it sorted out.If you are cool with solo play, then I would recommend.  You can host your own local server, which does not suffer from the problems I mentioned above."
,Recommended,487120,34018910,Posted: 4 August,all,Fishbaws,"A game with genuine potential. Exploring and taking on the mobs and other wizards in the wild is very fun and addictive. Graphics and style is right up my personal ally when running on epic graphics settings.It's still quite not there however, some animations are wierd and building interiors is very limited, AI is quite dumb. The game is not fit to run public online games just yet due to massive desync and lag issues.The game runs at 30 fps no matter how big your graphics card is, which is very odd. I really hope it will get fixed in the future. But this is really a titel to watch."
76561198390833185,Recommended,487120,33988397,Posted: 3 August,all,MrSatan,"Do not take much notice of the negative reviews - this game has been out a week in Early access. Most of the negative reviews are for optimasation issues that come with most EA titles.That being said i really enjoy this game and its nice community, a lot like Rust but with magic and Dragons :)New updates every week adding new content and fixing buggs .Keep up the good work"
,Recommended,487120,34116272,Posted: 8 August,all,TheImmortalRod,"I have played this game quite a bit over the past week or so and these are my conclusions.Pros:Beautiful worldBuilding mechanic is really well doneFlying mechanic is amazing(other than the amount of mana it takes)Active Devs working on fixing game breaking bugsCons:Everything to do with combatNPC mobs have a low aggro range, do little damage and have a high attack delay(You can just stand out of their aggro range and attack them, they dont respond)Most of your combat spells either don't work or do almost nothing(everyone just spams the same 3 spells [mainly fireball])PVP is basically just 1 or 2 shotting everyone, their level and gear doesnt make that much of a differenceMaterials even the high end ones are so easy to get that they are basically worthlessIf you are into building and on a PVP server when you leave expect your base to be destroyedIf you are into griefing, destroying peoples bases is so easy that you will probably get boredAlmost everything is bugged, server/lag issues etc.(its early access that is kind of expected)Once you get the last dragon you've won.OverviewThis game seems incredible at the start, the visual effects, exploration and flying are really fun.If you enjoy building and hate combat/rpg then this game is for you and I suggest picking it up. (Seriously it is beautiful and you can make some epic buildings)If you are looking for any kind of challenge then this game offers nothing for you.The game is really more for casual instant gratification gamers and offers nothing for survival/rpg/pvpers."
76561198064467907,Recommended,487120,34115175,Posted: 8 August,all,[VAP]Broke Hawk,Could it be? Skyrim online? Closest thing ive ever seen! Only 20 minutes and im impressed with how im not getting mauled over by spraypainted NPCs. And its easy to pick up. No tutorial needed. Loving it! Cant wait to see more!
76561197984818947,Recommended,487120,33978629,Posted: 2 August,all,Adrenalz,Has a few issues but the devs are really on top of this and are releasing frequent patches.
76561198077834122,Recommended,487120,34081616,Posted: 7 August,all,Acey,"Game is very unique as it does not require you to choose one path and stick to it; you are able to learn abilites and skills in which ever order you like as long as you are the correct level. XP leveling system is very slow unless you increase the multiplier to 5x which feels very normal and does not give you the feel that you have cheated your way up and that you have actually deserved it.One element which could be better is improved enemies, it is easy to kill an enemy that cant get you cause your on top of a rock when by your level that should not be possible and therefore does not feel rewarding when you do so. Telekinisis can have a massive do over as you could litreally pick up parts of another players base when you reach a certain level and there is nothing they can do about it.Over all shows promise think the later spells in the game should be buffed a little cause i noticed no one i know switched out their earlier ones for them."
76561197971857790,Recommended,487120,34109964,Posted: 8 August,all,Valegorn,"For those who still need to be reminded, this is an Early Access Game. That means its still being developed. That means you need to consider the games potential as well as it's current state AND be understanding that there will be bugs, which is ok.First off, this is a survival game, if that's something you doing like then you'll probably do better looking elsewere for your entertainment. I love survival games.Second, (and probably my favorite) this isn't another zombie game, or dino game, you're a Mage, and as such you are master of your domain. You are in a high fantasy world were you gain more spells and can do more the higher level you get. I love that they let you choose how you want to go about wielding magic. Do you like to mix up combat with spell casting? Do you like to sneak around? Or do you like to be the iconic Mage atop his tower collecting knowledge and secrets? There is room for the type of mage you want to be.PROS-------------------------Survival Game-Leveling system-Base building/Crafting-Taming-VERY pretty-Get your Wizard onCONS--------------can feel kinda grindy at timesWISH LIST---------------------I wish there was a 1-9 hotkeys to make switching items easier-I wish there was more than 1 slot for an extra item (ring, necklace, braclet, etc)-I wish there were more spells, but I suspect this will happen as the game develops more-I wish there were more building shape optionsWHAT IT SUSPECT WILL BE ADDED-------------------------------MORE CONTENT-More creatures-More spells-More things to build-More of pretty much everything"
76561198010860596,Recommended,487120,33842075,Posted: 27 July,all,reloader90,"After the update I can play. I like the game is easy and good spells, but INCRESE THE SLOTS!The weight you can carry is too low (even with x3), broom consumes too much mana (but can edit it) you cannot equip ring, thinket, necklacke and broom together >:( >:( >:( (ONLY ONE AT TIME)"
76561198053292568,Not Recommended,487120,34125938,Posted: 9 August,all,effing,Game seemed fun. At first. Then the graphics and lag kicked in. I have graphics on lowest setting on my 480 and it still is just like a techno-rave when I cast a spell. Will probably return in a few months to allow it to get going. Love the premise and am hopeful but for right now it was basically unplayable for me.Its early access... I didnt expect a finished product. Glad I purchased but your mileage may vary.
76561198246858736,Recommended,487120,34134503,Posted: 9 August,all,[Recruit] StarBurst5,"very fun, but requires alot of grinding."
,Not Recommended,487120,34046201,Posted: 5 August,all,Eternity's end,"Changing my initial ""review"" upon playing the game a little bit more.Pros -1. YER A F'ING WIZARD M82. Some mechanics feel really satisfying (like having FREAKING PET  DRAGONS and building stuff)3. Game is damn beautiful4. Has a really good prospect for the future if executed correctlyCons -Mostly typical early access issues for me but I'll list them anyway.1. Optimization (FPS Lag)2. Server Lag3. Lots of bugs4. Really inconsistent with how some mechanics behave, can probably be chalked up to bugs but I'm not sure.5. Not much to offer right now in terms of content, game isn't challenging and high end stuff is way too easy due to certain mechanics that you can abuse.Overall, don't buy it if you're looking for some in depth amazing game. This game is incomplete, full of bugs and has mostly frustrating mechanics.. It's okay for casual gamers who are looking for something to play for a short whlie with friends and maybe show off some creativity in creating bases because the possibilities are quite high."
76561198177756030,Recommended,487120,34092389,Posted: 7 August,all,Tayausd,Its a really lovely framework for a future game to be built on.It looks exactly like the trailer which is to say it looks pretty great.Base building is easily its strongsuit with combat currently being a bit lackluster due to the low framerates.Grab it now and watch it grow into the amazing game it has the potential to be.Edit. they've fixed the lag and framerate issues and it plays amazing
76561197983891727,Recommended,487120,34230732,Posted: 14 August,all,john.currie20,"game starts of not bad, graphics good looks like videos great game only snag servers are bad if you play pve cant find them ,when you do, cant join them so at this point got several characters on 4 or 5 servers all at different levels , i know variety is the spice of life but just want to play game spend more time loading in games just to get started then server not responding ,not everybody wants to play with everybody else some like just achieveing and building would like to give game 10 but 6 at the moment because of servers"
76561198040774139,Not Recommended,487120,34175857,Posted: 11 August,all,Shadic Advent,"Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the 63 hours I had with the game. Collecting plants, using interesting spells, getting to fly! But overall, It was a terrible experience. Either its PVE or PVP, having to constantly worry about your base or being attacked out of nowhere is just to frustrating, not to mention time consuming if something does happen. I know some of you will say, ""but its a survival game, that's how its meant to be played."" I understand that, I do actually enjoy the survival aspect of games, and its a really cool idea on paper. What I don't enjoy is if it's level/gear based PVP. It creates an unbalanced field of unbalanced combat. In no way can you tell me its a good game mechanic when a level 60 attacks a level 5. And I actually never encountered much of this myself, its all the people who start out (arguably the most populated server at the moment) and gets completely stomped by extremely higher levels. This makes it practically impossible to even progress and PLAY THE GAME. Also the fact the building bases offer no protection whatsoever doesn't help the matter. Contrary to the fact, I actually want this game to be good! I love medieval fantasy, I love survival games (when they're fun to play). I want this game to be a HUGE success. I'm sure the developers are doing their best to fix and update the game, I mean heck, its only been 18 days since it released. So I have confidence in the developers that they will undoubtedly improve the game. I hear they are going to create a whole new system for raiding bases. That's the good direction that the game needs, and its refreshing to see the developers respond so quickly. But in my honest opinion, they should ditch the level system (possibly gear too) and make it pure skill based combat. Or at least give new players a chance to get started so they can fend off higher level enemy players. With that said, I wish the Citadel Team the best of luck in creating the potentially great game that it could be."
,Recommended,487120,34231827,Posted: 14 August,all,Jaxrebel,"I think this game has great potential,I know a lot of ppl compare it to dark and light but that is a bit unfair since dnl has been in development for a very long time, and share resources with arc ,same engine and much more.As a early access game you should be aware that the game isnt finished yet and has at least a year of development left.But if you are willing to contribute to the bug hunting or has the patience for when bugs occur or when you cant even play the game then i can recommend the game for you , anyone else please dont buy the game and then compain about the game when you know all the facts.Happy bug hunting and see below for links to roadmap and discord..https://trello.com/b/McOUEdRk/citadel-forged-with-fire-early-access-idea-boardhttps://discord.gg/CXjBVkh"
76561198218865609,Recommended,487120,33843247,Posted: 27 July,all,serenitysfade,"Update: 08102017As of today I have decided to change my previous recommendation.  The devs have done a good jost of listening to the community and optimizing the fire out of the game!  The game still shows it's Early Access nature of sorts here and there but it is QUICKLY becoming a solid title worthy of a gamers time.  I still wish they would do something with the menus and especially the character creation and the running animation.  Maybe in time.  For now, kudos to the devs!Original Review Below:Don't get me wrong but, at least in it's current state, I can't recommend this title.  Yes, I know, it's Early Access.  I get it, and am actually excited to see where it might go with time.  Let me explain...Firstly, as is true with almost all EA titles, the game needs lots of attention regarding optimization.  This, for some reason has become a controversial matter as some prefer more content over optimization and others, like myself, prefer optimization as a prerequisit to additional content.  Studio Wildcards, Ark: Survival has been notorious for this, as they have added a huge amount of content to the game over the course of the Early Access window and have only recently started to optimize the game for better performance.  Load times and FPS have been much better in Ark Survival, at least for me, in recent months.  The developers of Citadel: Forged with Fire need to put this at the top of the list for priorities in this game.Graphically the game is actually pretty good.  Better than some other titles that have recently come out (I'm looking at you Dark and Light).  The game can definately use some spit and polish texture wise but it's not far from achieving a graphic clarity that would improve upon immersion.  Then again, there is the character creation...Character creation sucks horribly, I'm not going to lie.  There was very little to no thought put into this part of the game and it shows.  Some argue that character creation is not important because of various reasons like you, the player, will hardly ever look at the face of your avatar while playing, or it doesn't change the way you play the game, it doesn't affect  stats or buffs, or something along those lines.  My issue with that concept is that it somehow breaks immersion and player individuality.  In it's current state, Citadel: Forged with Fire players will pretty much all look alike barring the gender and color of the hair and eyes and hairstyles.  Admittingly that sounds like a lot of variables but it's not when you consider  that each of those options, minus the color selection, are limited to 3 or 4 PRESETS.  The colors are limited to odd presets but there are more of them.  My point is character creation is boring and ridiculously underrated thus destroying immersion.The music in the game is great.  I like it.  It fits well with the atmosphere and creates better, dare I say the word again, immersion.  The sound effects on the other hand, do not match.  The sound effects in the game are of low quality and very generic and just don't seem to fit much of anything going on in the game.The UI is probably the second most horrindous thing in the game, next to create-the-same-character-everybody-else-has-created.  It is childish and not thought out.  Don't misunderstand.  The combat mechanics, leveling, and crafting are all fairly well laid out and understandable.  The UI and menus in which these are represented are very plain and unpolished and remind me of a 16-bit game from the 90's.  Just saying.Over all, on a scale from 1 to 10 I would give the game 4/10.  It's okay, but not good and far from great.  I do believe with time it will come to greatness, but for now it needs to go back in the oven and bake."
76561198106985818,Recommended,487120,33991537,Posted: 3 August,all,LEON,"please FIX where we cant access mounts in game, its a but hurt to always needing to relog.and they always glitch inside the ground.  T_T"
,Recommended,487120,33881112,Posted: 29 July,all,RetroSouls,It has vastly improved i think it is playable. It does have a lack of content but the developers are working on it and adding updates every week so it will get even better . maybe not worth 25 right now but soon it will but it is worth a play .
,Recommended,487120,33872404,Posted: 28 July,all,Ante,"Within 2 days I played this game for 16.8 hrs!   o_OThis is how I see the game, It's a ""Gandalf - sandbox - RPG - Survival game"" with PVE or Openworld PVP right off the bat! with out any quests, you will get some basic hints at the beginning and then you are on your own, and it's up to you to figure out the rest & explore the world!I know that there is much more for me to find out in this game but so far I freaking love it! and will most likely update this early access review as the game gets developed!And everything such as ""leveling up - choosing stats & skills - crafting - switching between different gear,skills etc is straightforward & very easy to understand""+Graphics: ""I play on EPIC (max) settings and it looks EPIC! ;D+Map: design & the size of the world, there's different landscapes, Lakes and seas - caves & mountains - open landscape & cramped forests and you can go up and down anywhere!+Spells: Combat - Protection - Utility - Staff - Wand - Melee - Gauntlets: here you got a ""breakdown for all the spells (not my video but it's a good one)""https://youtu.be/k-nkDL89LUk+Weapons ""Gauntlets(lift structures & throw them to crush the enemy) - Wands(spells) - Staffs(spells) - Melee(melee-spells)"" All the weapons looks different+Armor: ""Cloth - Leather - Wild"" They all look very different and unique with different stats etc!+Trinkets: ""Rings - Bracelets - Necklaces - Amulets"" - different stats for all kind of playstyles!+Potions: There are different kind of potions that you can master and be able to craft more & more powerful potions as your character progresses!+Building/crafting: ""You can build a base/house, or whatever ANYWHERE!"" some of the materials that you got - Wood/Stone (floor,wall,roof etc) - Ornate - Torches - Flags - Trophies - Defense - HP/Mana pools - Alchemy - Craftin stations and sooo much more!+Sound: Good sound for all the enemies & the spells sounds powerful, I love the music it's really suiting. (there's voice & text chat in this game so be social my friends""+Animals: you can tame I believe ALL freaking animals in the world and either ride or fly around on the for 30 min + that you can add some extra taming time for them as well.+Movement: The movement in this game is very responsive and feels good when running around, BUT! the third person view looks a little weird if you're not wearing a cape but I'll recommend playing in first person for the more immersive experience. you can swim & dive underwater. BUT the most fun thing is to use the f**king BROOM to fly around on, and YES you can fly aaaaaanywhere!+Enemies: There are many different enemies in this game, all from dragons, orcs, bear, deer, demonic imps, big burning lava dudes and muuuuch MORE!+Performance: My setup i7-6700k, GTX 1070 Strix, SSD, 16gb ram. (Epic settings) solid 60-fps if the server is getting restarted every 24h, if not I usually get fps between 50-60.(there are fast travel towers that you will find and you need to go into it and up to unlock it by pressing ""E"" and do this to every tower you find and you'll be able to travle between zones in the world!)And I believe that there are no loading screens in the game so that's nice!BTW, the fps will drop when you pick up items for a split second and then go back up.Try this game out boys & girls!P.S!->>> I just joined a server that had been running since the EA-release and I had 30fps at the start of the game, so I changed to another server that just got hosted and I got 60fps at the start and same through the game world!->> Find a fresh private server or restart your own, that should fix the fps for lots of people."
76561198193214134,Recommended,487120,34217025,Posted: 13 August,all,[ZSU] Rabbits260,"OK so ive only done 24hrs but im pretty sure i can comment on this game.Its a amazing game visually, more skyrimish then anything else, also feels like skyrim but more refined with some ARK thrown in for pets.Now Im Aussie and we got Asia servers..... and yes sigh laggy load times and server issues, so i got to Lvl 22 and yes had tamed dragon! but got over the lag issues so brought a server (any aussies its AUS SYD Server Official)  and thats done away with the load and lag time issues.Now the taming of pets in this game is amazing and is such a well thought out system that credit to the Devs for this, now stupidly hughe hours on end tame times instead you have pacify the animal and then use a tame scroll on it and that gives you hours-days depending on scroll lvl, and they stack so if you have say 2 x 4hrs scrolls thats 8 hours the pets is tamed to you etc. scrolls are easy to make with a little time thrown in.Battles can be a little annoying, if you get attacked by a mob, but they are fun and rewarding if battling high lvls.There are 4 types of weapons being mag guantlet type, staff, wand and axe/sword. You can eqiped spells to them as well. you can have two weapons equiped at once and just swap them out. Pets have attacks as well and flying.Flying- so three types, pets dragons/eagle (pheonix to be added) and potion. all have there pros and cons.Building is very easy and normal lock and click building.Lvling system- more like your ARK  main att. and unlocking crafting items, tiered lvls etc. items you find in loot are lvl specific as well.Visuals- I play on epic (1070) and they are skyrim and better, amazing visuals all round.Performace- Sometimes you may drop frames etc, but overall once I got a SYD server (as im aus) it improved so much, load times into servers were like 20-50 secs and you would experience server network errors  etc. after i got on mine loadtimes were 2-10secs and no network erroes etc.Overal I would recommend this EA it takes the good things from a lot of survival/building games and puts them together very well.As all ways EA if your not sure just watch to see if the DEvs keep updating this game, otherwise get it and if your a Aussie come on into my server and have a blast :)"
76561198163838893,Recommended,487120,34748415,Posted: 4 September,all,Wraith1986,"Hope they Update a few problems I encountered while playing seeing this game is still new.What I enjoy about this game is how different it is from the other games. I really got tired of the same old idea of starting out playing, having to go up to NPC's and get your quest and going out into the game world  and do your quest. there is just soo many games similar to one idea and its the questing idea but this game is great!. Citadel; FWF gameplay style is more like a survival gameplay, You earn experience by picking Plants, Killing Creatures, Gathering Wood, and building your own structure buildings.Game has a few bugs, Crashed me out of the game a few times and in bad areas, When trying to log back in from a game crash, I'm hearing my character getting hurt and killed before even getting the chance to enter into the game because the games loading time is vary slow to beable to enter in all the way.  Goes badly if you die the second time and try to get back to the items you lost and ends up losing the marker on the map of where you lost your first corpse item drop Bag, and Bag is soo vary small I sometimes can't find it. I have encountered this more times than I like to say but if this keeps up I will be quiting the game.And the games setup for your Character, When holding on to items, its is vary limited, Your not going to beable to carry many things, and thats why you need to make your house and storage chests for your healing and mana recovery plants to make healing and mana pots, because your health a,d mana won't regenerate for you, and end up being one hitted by a mob with no marker over its head to even get the chance to see whats coming at you."
76561198234601196,Recommended,487120,33929579,Posted: 31 July,all,GBills,Absolutly addictive gamei have encounted alot of bugs in the higher levelsbut im sure everything will be fixed soon enoughi reached the level cap which is 60 (i personally thought that was a bit soon for my liking)but once you reach that level the spells become compleatly over poweredbut yes i would 110% recommed you get this game if you are into mmothere is not much of a story line more a level and kill other peopleonce you see all the enemies there isnt much elsei hope they bring out boss raids  with super powered enemies because now im level 60 i can just kill everything on my ownbut a solid 100/100 from me!
76561198250724210,Recommended,487120,34228396,Posted: 13 August,all,aaron.j.armstrong,"i havent played much of the game but i do like it, if your into minecraft, skyrim and a few other games i cant remember the names of this game is for you.though in the trailer i did see what sort of appears to be NPC humans in the world but while playing didnt see any of those which i wouldnt mind seeing them, if anyone knows that they are planning on putting in just normal NPC's that you can get quests or trade items with please let me know"
,Not Recommended,487120,34225683,Posted: 13 August,all,Talanton ☣ {LoW},"This is a game with promise, but at this stage of the game DO NOT BUY IT.Griefing and harassment in chat is a huge problem, and there is no ignore/mute functionality, nor oversight of conduct on official servers.It's a PvP game and raiding and griefing comes with the territory but the state of base building and combat means that you have no recourse if someone develops an unhealthy fixation."
76561198028225965,Recommended,487120,34244571,Posted: 14 August,all,DONOHUE07,"this game has so much potential, it really could be a classic. but right now other than exploring the vast beutiful world, flying on a broom stick or a dragon you have tamed and building a base, with the BEST base building mechanics in any game so far may i add, there really isnt too much to do. i have been waiting along time for a PvP online RPG and this ticks some of the boxes, its just not there yet. Its bare bones and some of the gameplay mechanics are flawed, raiding bases is too easy, the early game is VERY grindy and the AI are braindead, the servers are laggy too, If your on AMD there are also strange graphical defects some very off putting.Despite the above flaws i do actually reccomend this, espicially if you intend to play wth a friend or two as the world is simply stunning and build a base is fun."
,Recommended,487120,33822190,Posted: 26 July,all,Wake,"Once the teething issues were solved the game is very enjoyable. While still a bit clunky the game is very fun, but gets boring after a while."
76561198140346506,Recommended,487120,33818247,Posted: 26 July,all,Jj507,Pros; Beautiful gameGreat conceptLook of weapons and spells are amazingBuilding is decentCrafting is good]and skill system is goodCons; Bad ai pathing and movementDisyncServer issuesweapon inbalancementlimited ways to lvl up and gain xptaming is really bad because of 10 lvl difference in taming(lvl 15 getting a dragon)Potion spam is really annoyingThats all i have to say and i will still say you should pick up this game cause for early access these problems are minor and can be fixed and again for early access is good and worth the money. Great concept and will love to see this games future.
76561198043377667,Recommended,487120,33881759,Posted: 29 July,all,Railgore,Solid gameplay now.
,Recommended,487120,33927369,Posted: 31 July,all,PiranhaBoi,"Alright, after playing on a mostly lag free server for about 50h now i can say the following things about the game:- AI is dumb as hell, i can take out level 60 creatures at level 20 without them moving and me taking even a scratch.- Weapon types need some balance gauntlets and especially staffs are way stronger than both wand and melee weapons- Animations are a bit clunky- Both PvE and PvP combat needs optimization, in PvP i find you either get oneshot or whoever runs out of potions first loses- Sounds start playing at weird times and seem to come from the wrong directionsAnd those were all the negative things i can say about the game, now onto the positive ones:- The building system is just simply amazing: fun, easy to understand and building something doesn't take too long unless you want it to ;)- Amazing visuals and attention to detail- Taming system, don't really use it but everybody else i play with absolutely loves it- Devs are really quick and frequent with patchesTLDR: I overall recommend it, despite all the flaws i've mentioned above i still REEEAAAALLY enjoyed this game and with such an active dev team this game will likely be absolutely amazing in a couple of months!"
,Recommended,487120,34398128,Posted: 21 August,all,Godly_Hiratoku,love this game keep the updates rolling and make it better with everyone havent had any issue except with the every now and then crash other then that great pvp game
76561198228643040,Recommended,487120,34402629,Posted: 21 August,all,Kreolion,"The game is great, of course there are flaws in AI mechanics, occasional bugs and some unbalance, but hey, this is early access afterall. The new siege spell system is a good idea, however I don't know about the 3rd spell yet, but 2nd spell is really OP, but they just introduced this new system! I'm sure the devs are looking into balancing it now. As for you guys who like PVP, but don't like being raided, find a lower populated server like I did and get to know everyone on the server. You are also welcome to join the server I am on - EmberCrescent - Kreol is my nick."
76561198004066281,Recommended,487120,34394043,Posted: 21 August,all,Whoops...,"Picked the game up bout a week ago and can't put it down! The cool high level spells are very enticing, the broom is fun and there are 3 more. Just tamed a mofockingDragon..that's awesome, already explored most of the map, not super well, just putting the fasttravel waypoints on my map. My house has a lot of room for improvement and i look forward to tearing it down eventually and setting up base in a more epic location, getting more powerful, and maybe raiding the English countryside. The main problem is lag atm. The first server I joined was US WEST but I was the only one not using a Korean keyboard. It was much more laggy than my new server, Tana (Official US West Server), which is playable most of the time, and with a bunch of peeps always on! Most eager to play on silky smooth servers I am. I would say it is only worth getting over the other, more polished sandbox mmo's if you are in to the fantasy of Citadel. (At least at this point in  it's development) - Aug. 21 2017"
,Recommended,487120,34387897,Posted: 20 August,all,nickthedoctor,7.9/10
76561198283683218,Recommended,487120,34387201,Posted: 20 August,all,Dchronie20,"Good fun n simple game. Would be great PvP if more seemed to play. This seems to be a one of a kind open world game, that's y I like it. It's almost like rust but with magic n tames n other creatures running around. Leveling up doesn't feel like much of a grind as of dark n light or other games.agic n flying on a broom is just awesome. There are magic turrutes to defend your base and the building is unique n easy. Plus u can make awesome castles. I give 4 stars gameplay.However it is an early access game so many annoying bugs with tames. Ai needs improvement, when I log back in my tame seems to fall under the world which sucks when u put a bunch of scrolls on it. I want my dragon back! Doesn't seem like there is much to the game after u build up with not many ppl on,maybe just need to join more populated servers. Quests would be cool or some objectives. Can't wait to see what the devs have in mind for furthering this game. I enjoy it now n feel I will enjoy it as it progresses."
,Not Recommended,487120,34129915,Posted: 9 August,all,MDK DOOM™,"I am hooked. Feels like living that Harry Potter fantasy. I see so much potential in this game and the devs actually seem like they give a sh**. Once they fix the AI, optomize the client, and the server lag this game could easily one of the best RPG (survival ish) sandbox games out there to date.Bottom line is I understand this is EA title and it is at least for the most part playable. I expect great things from this.Edit date: August 21, 2017They have added raid spells that have now made bases effectively useless. I am as of writing this review lvl 51 and with mid tier raid spell I can literally 1 shot the best walls in the game on official server. Not to mention the spell has an AOE effect and from the testing I have done it seems to completely destroy a 4x4x4 area which btw is freaking huge. I was completely content with having to use my spells to blow my way in. At least that took time. Now all I have to do is kill a few phoenixes and just nuke the place. In a matter of 5 seconds I can completely reck someones base.One other thing I would like to note is that when you get to end game there is absolutely no content other than pvp which is just a broom riding necrosis spamming zerg fest. Whoever lands necrosis first wins.While the information I wrote above still remains true about this game I am going to switch my review from positive to negative."
76561198020975710,Not Recommended,487120,34372785,Posted: 20 August,all,Doriel,I got about 100 hours of gameplay into this game i played on 3 servers so far.PVP: all of which were PvP servers and i got to say As for a PvP person The game is kinda messed up right now with maybe 2 or 3 spells that are just OP and kills you in 1-2 seconds no matter what armor/trinkets your wearing or whatever your stats are.PVE: The AI are still bugged they fixed them abit yet there still not working good the AI are very laggy and bugged.Buildings:The structures and building type is very good i like how they made it that you have to be a higher level to craft better Houses/Castles And the Defense Turrests and Buffs are very nice because you can acctually go to sleep at night and Think that you wont get raided.(maybe haha)Raiding:Yet the raiding system is still getting fixed from my point of view they just added that you cannot use any spells on a House of a player to destroy it you need to have a certin Spell+Potion to Damage the House.if you dont have a 4+raiding team you cannot be raided like before where a lvl 1 person can just come and destroy your all base if he likes to....Food:No food and water req in this game which i love it..i dont see why i need every 20 minutes to kill some animal to stay alive..freaking BS if you ask me..unless you make it 1-2 animals per day...i mean i eat only 220 burger a day and maybe 4 eggs in the morning and thats it...why does my character have to eat freaking 20000000kilos of animals per day... So the food and water is off in this game which i love it.Developers:Very good developers from what i see they opened a Discord channel for support of the players to talk with them and ask them what the problems are.Overall: I can tell you the game WILL be great! but for now if you play on a Big server with 25+ players and sometimes 40 at night your FPS+Internet connection will be so crap that you wont want to play the game for 1 second...At least for me.Not sure if to put it as a Thumbs Up or Down...Right now the game sucks.
76561198008596064,Not Recommended,487120,34372537,Posted: 20 August,all,Darius,"Was fun until high level people with nothing to do destroy your base that took hours to make in seconds. There are no defences against them so lower levels are at the complete mercy of higher levels. Oh and now you cant even fight back until you are higher level too because you can only use certian spells to attack structures which you cant get until level 35. The highest level spells are very overpowered. Unless you are playing with a large clan on a pvp server you are basically helpless, get used to starting over everytime you log on."
76561198323617177,Recommended,487120,34380458,Posted: 20 August,all,Burning Throne,i liked the game a lot but it gets boring fast
,Recommended,487120,34625434,Posted: 30 August,all,Daniel-SA,"Well to be honest this game is really good ,but i feel like there is a lot they could add like more spells and diffrent classes and races with their own unique abilities and stuff like that... Over all a very good concept loving playing it..."
76561198056723841,Recommended,487120,34740814,Posted: 4 September,all,primuspilus.hb,"I've been in the game a few hours, but I wanted to just say that I think the game is a very innovative spin on a completely overused genre. The game is a survival game, but with none of the usual tedium. This does have a long way to go, but Im happy with my purchase."
76561198124164113,Recommended,487120,34760386,Posted: 5 September,all,sycoVX Reaper,"Had loads of fun playing this game, there's so much i like about it i can't mention all, the flying mechanics are great, the leveling system is also good, would be nice to see more depth as the game develops ofc im giving a review on an early access game here. The pet system in the game is great allowing you up to 3 npcs at a time giving them orders such as stay aggressive,defensive,passive, same with the follow commands, using scrolls to keep pets loyal however is slightly meh, i think having a single pet that's loyal to u until it dies would be better, and also being able to select attributes for your pet and maybe armour etc, making the pet system a little bit more personal. so basically scrap the 3 pet system and the scrolls and gant one pet per player with attributes and armour making more personal feel to your pets :), im unsure about the raiding system in this game at the min, but great game so far really enjoyed it and i can't wait for the real deal."
76561198153317396,Recommended,487120,34702856,Posted: 2 September,all,Damien,"Citadel: Forged with Fire, is a Open world Fantasy RPG with a twist of old school feel. It has the, hands down, best building system that ive seen in ANY of these survival games ( ive played alot of them). Many things remind me of the old diablo games. Some remind me of Wow. All in all i highly recommend this game to anyone who is into darkhish fantasy rpg and survival building game.Pros:- Great fantasy rpg feel- Best building system ive seen- Feels well made and ""snappy"" (Dark and light feels much more slow and sluggish by comparison)- Very pretty building blocksCons:- Not enough content, especially at high levels-No world bosses (i know they are working on this.-No real dungeons- Network issuesGreat game, has the potential to be amazing."
,Recommended,487120,34714894,Posted: 3 September,all,Dr Manhattan,"Fantastic game, excellent community & active developers with frequent high quality updates.  Highly recommend!"
76561198141216129,Not Recommended,487120,33902097,Posted: 30 July,all,Jkincaid2012,"This game was amazing at the start, now not so much. Raiding is dull, the videos of the guy picking up a tower and the pic of him picking up a building doesnt exsist ingame anymore. They completely removed all the cool aspects like that. It doesnt make me feel like a cool mage anymore. NPC's are dull and boring, Players are abusing a spell that basically one hits anyone. End game isnt far enough off. Once you hit Endgame there is nothing else to do besides raid other people. I would highly recommend waiting for devs to polish this a lot more, like with a sandblaster on steroids."
76561198084469585,Not Recommended,487120,33849863,Posted: 28 July,all,msundeen,"Ok, so I'm changing my review. On my previous one, even though I recommended the game, there were some performance issues. Mainly, from my own experience and other people's reported issues, the game doesn't appear to play nice with AMD processors. Whether that's actually the issue or not, I don't know for sure. What I do know it this: I still haven't seen the developers even address that many of us have had this issue. What is this issue?No matter what I change my settings to, my fps doesn't change. More importantly, on their servers it doesn't change from barely pulling 30 fps, or solo 22 fps. Low settings, high settings, it's all the same. Plus the wonderful dips down to the teens when things get ""busy"" on the screen. I've stopped playing, because it's so frustrating.For grins: FX 8350, 16 gb ram, GTX 1060 6gb......and at no setting can I get a decent semi-stable frame rate.I probably wouldn't have changed my review, if they would acknowlege the issue, and say they're working on it, but it seems like they're going ""full Ark"". Add more stuff, stop listening to people. I'll check on occasion, to see if they even attempt to fix the issue. If they do (soon), then I'll change my review back, more than likely. But for now, I don't recommend this game anymore."
,Recommended,487120,34731416,Posted: 4 September,all,[SF]Tooder,.
76561198041573260,Recommended,487120,34725899,Posted: 3 September,all,CatDeMeow,This game is a lot more fun than Ark but needs a bigger map. In time this game will be even more epic!
76561198058612985,Not Recommended,487120,33898598,Posted: 30 July,all,MetaBeard Gaming,"I gave this game a positive review initially but, after the last several patches over the last few months the game has become unenjoyable and unplayable for me and my friends. I know its not a personal PC issue because I can run newer games, some are AAA and some are early access as well, on the highest graphic settings and not have the issues that I am currently having. The game is fun overall but there are more issues with graphical rendering and a lot more optimization needs to be performed for this game to become more stable and enjoyable again."
76561198218249475,Not Recommended,487120,33871137,Posted: 28 July,all,ConcreteProdigy,"!!! Two Thumbs Down !!!!This has been edited  to a downvote.     This is a truely great example of a game being rushed out however stunning looking and great the building is, You can see everything this game has to offer in a week or less...      They seem to be focused more on silly building competetions and listen very little to the crowd of people who started playing this from Day1 release on steam.        Save yourself some hard earned money.And get a more fleshed out game not one that seemed to try and catch the summertime rush of kids and instead missed the mark comepletely by releasing an incomplete game that had super ground breaking bugs that allowed you to basically lvl to max lvl instantly.This game wasn't ready and if you try and point out their flaws they ban you from their forums so you cant be heard.........But I got your ban hammer hanging you cant ban me here the people will hear!!!!BTW dont send me your bs developer comment excuses i've heard them all  in the forums.  dont woste mine and your time"
76561198070643175,Not Recommended,487120,34206874,Posted: 12 August,all,"\""+""/TRU/'\/'\PERs\""+""/","I'm updating my review in response to not being able to comment on the ""Closing (supposedly) empty servers update""What they hell? What's a ""Custom"" game? When will I be able to play MY CHARACTER in the game I PAID FOR and spent time of MY LIFE that I will NEVER get back?!?Very disappointed in this decision. Not only does this come across as lazy, but it's EXTREMELY IRRESPECTIVE of the hard work and hours people like myself have poured into Citadel.Who on the development team decided this is an acceptable way to treat your ""smaller and only growing smaller"" player base? Who ever they are, they deserve to be treated the same way. How about the next branch of dev they spend 20+ hours writing it simply gets deleted ""Because there's only ONE person on it in over a weeks time . . .""I was really hyping this game to my friends, and even planned on buying it for one for his birthday. Chances of that happening just went from 100% - 0%.""If you have any questions about this process, please feel free to ask in the comments below! ""There's nearly 40 comments here with NOT A SINGLE RESPONSE FROM THE DEVS that I can see.What kind of show are you running here? Starting to feel like just another BS early access money grubbing unfinished game that's only going to stay unfinished.When I bought this game the reviews were mostly positive, and I gave a very good review. The reviews quickly have dropped to ""mixed"" and YOU DESERVE IT.If I loose the hours I've invested into this game I will be contacting Steam for a refund and do EVERYTHING I POSSIBLY CAN TO ENSURE NO ONE WILL EVER SPEND MONEY ON THIS.I will spam horrible reviews on every PC gaming site about this game and the company.You think earasing just a ""few"" peoples time and hard work will just blow over?? Go ahead . . . I dare you to think that. . ."
76561198077194933,Not Recommended,487120,33869568,Posted: 28 July,all,Sheol,The Game is DEAD
76561198014137224,Not Recommended,487120,33913156,Posted: 30 July,all,azmeangreen,"DO NOT BUY THIS FAILURE:It started off far better than many similar games, including some that were actually launching.  It is an Ark-Skyrim-Harry Potter sandbox.  It still has some bugs, but the devs appear to be working on them...slowly.  If you cannot stand beta testing or working through problems, hold off for full release; otherwise, buy and facepalm.  I've found this to be highly entertaining at first, be warned though...it's best played with friends on a personal server (which costs a subscription).Update: As of last patch, game far more playable.  Patch added a new creature: the Phoenix.  Upgraded many UI features and made the game all-around more accessable.  There are still a few aggrevating bugs (mana generators soaking up runes too fast) but it is still by far a very fun sandbox to play in.Update 2: Raiding is screwed up now.  They've made low lvl players defenseless and small tribe players obsolete.  This is why I quit Ark.  They need to fix this, pets not recognised by turrets issue, no magic underwater, and the continual server lag issues.  It's still early access, so I understand there's work to do; but I'd rather see major issues resolved than phoenixes flying.  I have high hopes for this game and want to be able to change my recommendation back to a thumbs up.Update 3: Raiding patches did nothing and game still screwed up.  Just don't buy this poor attempt at ""Harry Potter and the Skyrim Adventure""."
,Recommended,487120,34876661,Posted: 10 September,all,Cyonden,"9/20, they listened , took them long enough! mounts will no longer dissapear, so you get a sense of entitlement now. So im gonna be switching some of this review  up as long as they keep up key updates to the bugs they have in place. Heres to them hopefully limiting some of the building across lakes and up mountains by one player, if not then i might not ever go back to the official servers, so far 60fps in my private server, with 3 castles built, going to go for 7 and try to host houses of 5 per house.(PREVIOUS REVIEW)----If there was a standard for games, Trust me this one failed MISERABLY. seriously, 15hrs,is not enough to notice this,once you get into the 100HRS,Also becareful with all the thumbs up reviews with only 15hrs , and not really breaking the 60hrs, reason i say this is because they havent dealt with the repeated cycle of boring once you get to the higher levels. They also dont know the frustration of having a whole base gone, simply because you went away and waited for updates, but instead the dev took it as your sever was dead, so they wipe all your stuff, and make you play on a private server if you wish to continue that character. And you still have people backing it up saying its an EA GAME, NO just because it is EA, doesnt mean they should lack. There is tons of EA games doing so much better, yeah we knew what we were signing up for. Server wipes if NEED BE, which they didnt need to be wiped, only because people would have rather waited for new content. The lag and frame skips is trash, seriously they dont even try to explain to you if its on thier end or yours, prompting so many fps forum pages on the community. Lag and frame skips for months is not what we all signed up for.9.15.2017 UPDATE, so as of now, the concurrent number of players on this game the whole last week has not been more than 300 (last 24 hr peak 205), as in it wont even pop in the community page, just lets you know this game is dead, THEY ALSO DELETED SOME SERVERS WHICH IS gonna alot of people MAD , it actually already did and then they proceeded to state ""im done with the game. ""So as of 9/10 this game is dead, no more than 300 at a time, I wouldnt even consider it on a sale for 20$. Devs dont really care about progression, take days off and delay patches due to not testing ( most likely to taking days off).  The official servers run at 24fps no matter your specs ( i made a private server and had a constant 60 with vsync) although the highest on a official server was 50fps  . Then you have trolls who go around and build massive structures that span across 3000 meters going through a lake and up a mountain top which end up causing major lag for the whole server. Instead of the devs somewhat limiting these players, they just let them crash the servers and have ended up losing all thier playerbase for the same reason, they fail to moderate the huge structures. Instead they plan on optimizing it at a snails pace. And when I mean they lost thier ""playerbase"" as in hundreds of people werent able to log into thier original servers due to the massive structures and crashes. It withered from a strong 1.5k base to a measly 200, 300 peak.PLEASE save your 20$, or 25$ for an acutal game worth it, and the community is toxic, appearantly if you say something or compain about a bug they just lash out at you and call you a moron and say you dont know how early access works,  never buy an EA game again, ETC, and the devs just let them talk♥♥♥♥♥♥freely. But when you post a real legit complaint they just ban you from post on the forums for a month.AVOID AT ALL COSTS. NOT RECOMMENDED."
76561198007396943,Not Recommended,487120,33982989,Posted: 2 August,all,Cadeyrn,"EDITED FROM AN EARLIER POSITIVE REVIEWEDIT 9/29/17: I run a private server (hosted through Vilayer), and promote said server in order to try to do my part to keep this game alive.  According to the Steam chart website, the game is down to a peak of roughly 130 players per day.  It has steadily gone down since release, unfortunately.My point is that I have tried to do my part (after starting out negatively) to promote the game and get others to play it.Today, the devs released a new patch that essentially broke the game.  Tamed animals saw their HP nerfed by 90% or so, making them basically unusable for fear of them getting killed by weak, low-level mobs.  Flying speed for all flying types (brooms and potions) was severely nerfed, to the point where my character can run faster than he can fly.  Neither of these things was addressed in the patch notes, so it was an unpleasant surprise logging into the game tonight.Later, a dev admitted that the flying nerf was overdone, a mistake, and that they would test it ""internally"" and possibly fix it in a later patch. My claim regarding tames being nerfed was met with incredulity, despite several other posts from players saying the same thing.Devs said they would be introducing new content almost every week; last ""new content"" was three patches ago and consisted of an overhyped NPC that was riduclously underpowered (and so, so easy to kill for any level player).  Basically fluff.I know this is a small dev team, and lord knows I've done my best to support them, but the game is unplayable in its current state.  I don't know what else to say.  Two months in and it appears the devs are out of ideas and/or lack a clear roadmap of how to proceed.  Very frustrating as the game has so, so much promise.EDIT 8/28/17: Many of the Official servers have experienced major stability issues due to what appears to be game engine/rendering/PhysX issues.  The devs have worked hard to do what they can, and still seem committed to the game long-term.  I'm still enjoying the game immensely, and when my Official server is down, I've tried various private servers to get my ""fix.""  In the long run, I'm hopeful they'll get the bugs worked out and make this game what it appears it can be.Original: My first review of this game was negative due to the AMD ""low level fatal error"" debacle.  Devs *finally* fixed it up and now the game seems accessible to most players.I've got around 30 hours in-game so far.  FPS isn't where it needs to be, but I have some faith that the devs will get it optimized as time goes on.  One minor troubling thing to me is that the devs seem reluctant to push out hotfixes; we've had, on average, a patch every 5 days or so since release.  Other EA games I've played (ARK, Conan, etc.) seemed to push out hotfixes daily, if not hourly (esp ARK).  These devs don't, for whatever reason, which means that older (existing) bugs persist, and bugs that come with new content aren't immediately addressed.The game itself is a blast to play, but the grind can be real.  It all depends on how you play the game.  If you're a ""prepper"" type like me, you tend to grind for mana, mats, etc., to be prepared for cave runs and the like.I like where the game is now a month after release, and look forward to what comes in the future!"
76561197978423729,Recommended,487120,34894544,Posted: 11 September,all,Floyd ^A^,I suppose you have to level up before this becomes a game but for starters it's just walking around picking flowers but gets a lot more fun the further you go. I wasn't too fond of this at first butI'm liking it a lot better the more I get into it.
76561198045228763,Not Recommended,487120,33865269,Posted: 28 July,all,THEYTOOKOURJERBS,"It's rust with just as toxic of people, but the game is buggy, and poorly optimized.  Just go to steamcharts and lookhow ""well"" it's doing. It's honestly hiarlious."
,Recommended,487120,34780101,Posted: 6 September,all,RatedSlice,"I've changed my review of this game as I originally reviewed the player base, rather than the game itself. I felt this was unfair and so here is my review of Citadel: Forged with Fire.So, after 150+ hours of gameplay I can safely say I recommend this game and feel I have already had my money's worth from it. It's had its ups and downs due to toxic players in the early days but overall, its been really enjoyable to play.Building is excellent. You can create some really elaborate structures and build them in such a way that it would be very difficult and time consuming for another player to raid you.Crafting is good. It's a game of luck, as the items you're crafting can end up being either Common, Uncommon, Rare or Epic in quality all with varying stats. Its surprisingly satisfying when you finally craft an epic with the stats you're after.Gathering is far from painful. Getting resources to build and craft is easy and no where near as time consuming as other games. It can feel like a grind early on in the game but once you have levelled up and increased your damage stat you can gather resources really quick.NPC Combat needs work. NPC's have their good days and bad days, with either deciding to attack you at every opportunity or flat out ignoring the fact you're spamming fireballs at them. It's not to the point where I feel the game is broken though.The world is beautiful. I truly love the landscape in this game and the way day and night rotate, its perfect.The developers. They really do listen to the community and are working hard to cram as much content and bug fixes into every update as possible. It's refreshing to see a team that are truly dedicated to their product.The negatives... there is a distinct lack of content, which you will feel once you're about 20+ hours into the game. There are no quests, no NPCs to interact with. Just an open world with mobs and lots of resources, waiting to be gathered to be turned into buildings and items. Oh, and players wanting to kill you and destroy everything you've built. I originally described the game as 'Rust with Brooms'. However, I dont feel this statement is true anymore.Despite the negatives, I'd love to see this game have a larger player base as it honestly deserves it. For under £20, its a no-brainer. BUY IT!"
76561197962476325,Not Recommended,487120,33939337,Posted: 31 July,all,Pinger,"Early access but more like an alpha, with that mind set enjoy the game, if you don't want to play an alpha stage then dont buy it.  But know you are going to hate server and game performance for most part *see edit.I run my own server to enjoy the game so I have no griefing idiots destroying houses with over powered spells and glitches, which are due to be nurfed/change soonGive the game time to mature if you cant afford the current £15 cost on sale, other wise buy it and see it improve.game performance  improved a lot with 9th Aug patch, gone from 20-30 fps with stuttering to a solid 40FX6300 stock / 16 gig ram / GTX750Ti 2 gig Vram / on a HDDedit2: cracks are starting to show, they add new content and also keep breaking the basics of the game.  Then come back a week later saying they fixed them with a patch but didn't.  Currently server performace is back to be painful, with addition of new bugs added with new content.e.g. they broke the sprint speed of all flight ingame, they intended to reduce it some what but actually removed all sprinting from flying.  Today's patch 2nd Oct was suppose to be a patch to reverse that and it did nothing, so another quick fix to wait for.So I don't recommend you try it in its current state"
,Recommended,487120,34767357,Posted: 5 September,all,gingeraddict,"Below I outlined some of the issues I had with the game. The game plays much better now and is fun again. I do wish the raiding element was more fun. Otherwise, it's neat to roam the maps again and build a cool castle. I recommend trying it out, and hopefully they come up with a cool mechanic like only wood houses can attack wood, or stone can attack stone. But definitely worth playing!----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This game was a great deal of fun at first. You can build incredible structures, explore caves, and discover a beautiful map. The game has a great deal of potential and I hope that developers will fix some of the issues and create the game that this could be.The game lost the spark when the siege spells were introduced and one has to farm a great deal to challenge other players. Prior to this mechanic, you could use your regular spells and take on the challenge of threatening other structures and building up an empire. After this mechanic, there is nothing to do. You could level, but for what? You could build a larger structure, but for what? You could challenge other players, but for what?I understand that individuals would be upset about their structure being in ruins, but that seemed to be a part of the game. It added a neat challenge where you could rebuild and build better.To break through their roof and take some things. The servers are now lower population and there is nothing else to complete in the game. I am hopeful that this will turn around and there will be some fun added back to the game."
,Not Recommended,487120,35507379,Posted: 5 October,all,DarthBlonderss,I absolutely love the concept of this game. I think we need more emphasis on the mages! However it is optimized like straight trash. I can't justify playing it in its current state.
