user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198038777914,Recommended,488300,26209570,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Horny Tim Bits eh?,"Bought this right as it came out. Judge me. SNOW lost it's fun and Steep isn't out yet, so this game will do.JK, probably going to play this long after Steep is out.Infinite Air is a physics-based game, making it realistic*. It handles like the EA Skate games do, and once you actually learn the game, it's super fun! If you board in real life, this game will have a TON of replay value. Taking a helicopter to this map (which is HUGE) and dropping in is amazing. If you find a run you like, go back in, add some ramps, and act like Travis Rice in The Fourth Phase or Art Of Flight.The character customization isn't great....it's pretty bad; but this isn't about that.It's a fun game. I tried to act like a legit reviewer, but probably failed.This game rules. 8/10 will shred again.*when i mean realistic, i mean physics based...i pulled off a 2080 melon off a medium size kicker. still fun though*"
,Recommended,488300,26331129,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Stripstroke,"I love this game to bits... there is a severe lack of extreme sports games theses days arcady or not! This game is Skate on snow and it's equally as amazing. For me this game scratches that itch I've had ever since the Skate series left me alone crying for more!The good well it's visually appealing and for a unity game it goes far and beyond, it has plenty of graphical settings to mess with as well. The audio is what you would except for a snowboarding game loud wind, board scraping. The soundtrack is top notch while not as good as other games I've played but still whoever put together this tracklist deserves a pat on the back! Now for the bread and butter it's a physics based game like Skate was and with that comes a pretty steep learning curve but for me it's great fun, this can also be a con to some people as well... if you're not willing to put in time to learn or haven't had past experiences such as Skate you will not like this game and mind you I LOVE SSX but this is not that! The map is huge and the addition of the free roam helictoper is a treat, there's also a bit to do here there's events, build a park, play coop with a friend, browse for user created maps, go beat the single player or explore the map! There is also a character creator male/female and presets for well known riders with the creator comes clothes, boards etc.The bad first off the controls are a hit or miss the biggest gripe I have is the turning its so damn fiddly but you get use to it. The tutorial is bad I managed to get 80% through got stuck on one and abandoned it thankfully free roaming is a great way to self teach... well yourself! I kinda don't like how I can't skip songs or the game just not telling me what's playing I hope that's added in later. I would love just love to see more clothes and stuff in this game its lacking. I would also love to see matchmaking for coop/live rides and I would also love to see an actual online user vs user event system with matchmaking not just user created events with leaderboards. While I LOVE the game it is really not full of content you will need to make it fun for yourself.This game is soooo close to being perfect but its just missing a few things that would add life to the game forever... a little bit of tweaking to the controls wouldn't hurt either but since there isn't much extreme sports games out there I'd say you guys did a damn great job and I hope you become successful, please add more content!"
,Recommended,488300,26211618,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,cheerioswithhoneyandNUT,"This game is what I have been waiting for. SNOW got old fast, and Steep... Well steep isn't a snowboarding game. It's a game with snowboarding in it.Let's see if I can review this game decently.For one, the difficulty is pretty damn high to be honest. People on youtube made this game look like a cake walk but it is far from that. Granted the game is pretty unrealistic when it comes to throwing a 3060 sentuple cork off a semi large feature, but that is the glory of a physics based game, I can choose to either do that, or play it realisticly. The rails were a lot of peoples' concerns as far as pulling towards them or ""sticking,"" but the rails and boxes are actually so satisfying to hit.Now, lets be real here, steep has this game beat on the visuals, but as far as everything else goes, infinite air is the way to go. I am going to be spending a ****load of hours building mountains and parks as well as hitting the occasional backcountry line. $50 was a no brainer for me because I know I am going to get more than 100 hours out of this beauty."
76561198277897125,Recommended,488300,26211777,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Smagsy,Anyone thats a fan of the EA Skate series needs to get this. First decent sim snowboard game.
,Recommended,488300,26231891,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,[BT] somerndomdude,"EDIT: The developer both dropped the price to a reasonable level, and tweaked the physics to fall in line with a more realistic experience. I've played Snow, Steep, and this, and this is hands down the best snowboarding game on PC right now. If you enjoy snowboarding, this game is worth it at $30 and a can't miss at $20 on sale.Happy riding!Original Review:This game is far from perfect, and I don't think it's necessarily worth $49 on content alone. The mountain generation could use some work, speed isn't quite right, and spins are currently too fast by a factor of ~two.However, I DO THINK IT'S WORTH PICKING UP BECAUSE RIGHT NOW IT'S THE BEST IN CLASS PURE SNOWBOARDING 'FEEL' SIMULATOR GAME OUT THERE. I returned it, but only because I ordered a copy for PS4 to play with a friend.There are two complaints that seem to be prevalent in other reviews: A. The controls suck, and B. The game plays nothing like Skate. The first one is objectively wrong and the second is, in my opinion, subjectively wrong.As to the first, people that are complaining about the controls don't understand snowboarding and may lack an understanding of physics. They might just be terrible at video games.In a lot of snowboarding games, you start spinning in the air and if you go off course, you just spin in another direction till you're right.This game has VERY little autocorrect. This isn't SSX where you stop spinning and the game just lands it for you. If you throw a trick wrong and don't adjust, you will crash. As you should.The preload for throwing is variable and controllable on the ground, and if you throw too hard or not hard enough, you can tuck/untuck in the air to adjust your spin. Just like real life. If you spin too hard, you can tweak your board up to about 90 degrees to fix your landing.Spinning off axis is risky, just like it is in real life, and gives you more points accordingly. Spinning flat is safe, and single axis flips are also pretty safe and easy to control after about 10 minutes. Comboing jumps to rails is easy and intuitive.This leads into the second complaint, this isn't like Skate. That's true to some extent, I guess, in execution. All of the tricks don't come off the right stick and you can't rotate for free in the air, as mentioned above. But it's very much like Skate in that the controls do a much better job of giving an intuitive feel to riding. You can hit all of the spins you would want to, and the day 1 run scores alone show that people are more than capable of putting together fluid runs.This game also does a good job of letting you build your own runs and share them with others. The community potential is huge. If you find a cool line and want to share it with others, or you think a cliff needs a little kicker, you can instantly pop open the world editor, make your change, test it, save it and publish it. Content gets voted on by users and there are a bunch of runs already published. Some of them are garbage but there are some pretty cool ones in there.For the non trick oriented people, there is racing and it's pretty fun. You can define your own courses and post them up at contests(for any event, not just racing). These pop up on the mountain or you can just pick them from a menu. You can also instantly hop in a helicopter and quick-drop anywhere, or just use the heli to explore the mountain.That said, this isn't a completely finished and polished game, but at the present I think it's worth support. I'd like to see some more interesting procgen features, but what's in there now is fun to ride, pretty, and fairly realistic, even if the rotation scaling is off by a bit. There's some cool stuff on the map that you can't get to(a huge crevasse? Let me in please!), and some of the UX features are a bit crappy, like when you fall.The tutorial also isn't great, but you can get up and riding fluidly in this game within 20 minutes of sandboxing. By the time I hit 2 hours, I had completed a few challenges, topped most of the race leaderboards, published a map and some runs, and was consistently landing various flips, spins, and grabs.If you actually like snowboarding and don't just want an arcade point-grinder, this is your jam. Take the time to learn the controls and there is a LOT here, probably with more to come."
,Recommended,488300,26426056,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Zooism,"I remember the first time I fired up SSX (PS2) after a friend showed off his snowboarding skills and bedazzled me as he carved his way down the last unlockable mountain stage known as ""Untracked"", I was forever sold on snowboarding.  I literally stayed up playing the game until the sun had risen, just to unlock that free-roam stage with its awesome music. After playing SSX, SSX Tricky, SSX 3, SSX Reboot (Ps3), Shaun White Snowboarding, Amped 3, Snow Party 2, and now Infinite Air. I realized that my motivation for grinding out the character builds in those games were for one purpose and that was so I could ride the frickin' mountain without a care in the world, and that is something Infinite Air allows you to do.After losing track of about 4 1/2 hours time playing around in Infinite Air I realized there was no hindrance of having to unlock boards or grind my character just so I could successfully pull off an awesome end-game move, and that is what I love about this game. You don't have to invest countless hours into stages that you aren't particularly fond of just to unlock awesome stages that let you carve it up. Infinite Air is open from the start. Sure there are cosmetic upgrades, characters, and boards to unlock, but they only serve the purpose of outfitting your character. You don't have to worry about riding that ugly snowboard with the beetle on the underside just because it has a +10 trick stat.Infinite Air does not have a career mode, however it has a challenge mode that unlocks gear, boards, and characters, but it is purely optional. Other challenges and runs can be found along the mountain and in infinite Air's concise menus.  My preference for challenge mode and the occasional community runs I attempt are to see how far along I have come in gaining an understanding of the conrol scheme.  That understanding is demonstrated by how well I can time spins, rotations, and land my tricks. The freedom of creating your own mountain along with an active community ensures that this game has endless open-world possibilities.GameplayI read the complaints on controls and to each it's on. I think the developer put a lot of thought into how they wanted their game to play and it appeared complex at first glance because I wanted to jump in and play, but once I saw that I missed the basics of how the game operates, I only wanted to keep practicing until tricks felt second nature. My motivation was the fact that everything about Infinity Air made me want to learn how to play this snowboarding sim. Infinite Air plays nothing like the snowboarding games I mentioned from the past because it carves a path if it's own.The left and right triggers have two functions, while airborne they control the character's hands left and right respectively. When prewinding your body before a jump the triggers determine your spin direction.  The right stick determines what part of the board your avatar grips when doing tricks. Holding down, then releasing left or right triggers independently will cause your character to spin in the respective direction.  Holding and releasing both triggers at the same time will either pop your character in the air for a jump (if no direction is pushed on the right stick) and or do flip/rolls if right stick is utilized. Your left stick will either cause you to slow down, or speed up flips/rolls depending on the direction you push. You are still able to flick the right stick and do ollies when grounded. Variations on the aforementioned methods really opens the door to trick possibilities.GraphicsI am playing on a laptop pc with dedicated graphics card and run Infinite Air at 1080p 30 fps with an occasional drop to 28fps. Lower resolution increases fps, but I chose visual fidelity over fps only because the game plays so smoothly. The helicopter view of the mountain does show tons of pop-up from trees and other objects on the ground however this doesn't affect gameplay. There are resolution changes with the trees as you descend down the mountain, such as some trees going from low to high resolution, but those are visual inconsistencies I chose to overlook. Overall this is a pretty crisp looking game.SoundThis is one of my favorite parts of Infinite Air. When you are snowboarding the sound of air ruffling through your clothes is sensational. The music is very suitable for snowboarding with some good songs in the mix. The soundtrack isn't incredibly large, but I enjoyed what was there.  In all fairness I should mention playing it in long sessions such as I initially did, you are bound to hear repeat of tracks, but since there is not an in-game listing for tracks I am not sure how many tracks are available.Infinite ReplayabilityI'm sorry but it is hard for me to say it gets old when I can constantly snowboard any part of the mountain that I want, and when I grow tired of that spot I can simply hit the triangle, or Y button helicopter picks me up and takes me to any area of my choosing. Then when I tire of that location I can ride a community made mountain, and when that becomes a snoozefest I can customize my own mountain and play until my heart is content. Like I said Infinite. I love this game.Rating9 out of 10 would choose winter over summer again.0 Comments	 Subscribe to thread  (?)"
,Recommended,488300,26232327,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,JRW91,"Absolutly LOVE the game!! its really realistic and the rewarding feel u get when landing tricks is amazing.i can really recommend this game if you are a snowboarder or into snowboarding. the physics and animations in this game are on point!! also super nice to see the board flex when u do presses/butters/boardslides. to me this is the best snowboard game out there !  also nice to have the editor so u can build the park of youre dream !one thing that could be bit better is more choices for character customization , but still enough to look stylish on the hill.from backcountry with deep powder and windlips to groomed park stuff, this game has it all!full controll over every movementMost people that are giving a bad review expected an easy SSX style game. but you need a day to get used to it all.also people complaining about mouse and keyboard controll... that would be impossible with this amount of rider and board freedom you have to use the sticks and triggers of a controller in these type of games. same with skate series!if i where u mouse and keyboard guys...... i would go out and buy a controller and enjoy this amazing game."
,Recommended,488300,26406453,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Le Batman,"I wasn't expecting this game. I discovered it from the facebook page of Torstein Horgmo, a snowboarder featured in the game.I played every single snowboard game until now (coolboarders, 1080, all ssx, stoked, shaun palmer, shaun white, etc...) and this game is a pure golden nugget.Warning: you have to put at least 2hours into the game to start pulling out nice tricks and lines. The gameplay is closed to the game SKATE which is a really good thing.The thing that made me hooked to this game is the editor. You can generate random moutain and then add everything you want (pipes, ramps, buildings, random props). You terraform the moutain and delete trees to make the perfect moutain to ride or to reproduce the moutain you ride in real life.Buy this game if you are a snowboard fan. And don't post a review if you have not played  at least 2-3 hours."
,Recommended,488300,26308303,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,mark,"As someone who snowboards 60+ days a year and loves jumping heres some tips to get a realistic park expirience out of the game which i think it does well BUT it takes a bit of time to get the controls and the finesse to get realistic spins out of the game. I originally bought the game and refunded it after finding it dissapointing but after giving it a 2nd try things have clicked. Some tips:-use the user generated realistic courses-learn to spin and jump just using the triggers. you should be able to just touch the triggers to spin and not one other button. dont grab, touch any stick or anything. try timing how much to hold a trigger as u go up the jump to ur desired spin and once in the air hold a trigger to go into a compact, crouch position. with a bit of practice u will be able to land whatever spin u plan.-u will find that ull need to adjust ur spin a bit in the air, to do this u have a couple options: 1) use the left stick to spin slower or fast. careful to use it sparingly if at all on takeoff as it will send u into a 1800+ but in the air its more subtle. 2) release from crouching position (or eventually a grab) and use the right stick to rotate ur lower body with the spin or to counter rotate. This is handy as a last minute resort to get another 90 degrees out of a spin.  3) I believe there is a difference in rotation speed from being in the crouched position (trigger held in air) vs not crouched (not holding trigger in air) but someone might have to correct me on that.-LAST POINT. remember to finesse the controls. be delicate with the controls in the air and things will start looking stylish.With practice, doing the above will get u to the point where u can spin in a realistic way and from there add grabs or cork things out etc. ENJOY!"
,Recommended,488300,32543852,Posted: 18 June,all,ILubPizza,"I was a little apprehensive when buying this game, but extremely happy I did. Granted I am only a few hours in, but I know there will be hundreds more to come.Definitely a solid game if you like:- Skate series, Shaun White Snowboarding Etc.- Realistic physics, snowboarding simulation- Sandbox environmentThis game is super fun to chill on, explore, and find endless possibilities for fun. Only downside is that it is a bit lacking with in-game story & add-ons (boards, outerwear etc.). But the playing factor is definitely there. Don't buy if you're looking for an arcade style game (like SSX). The controls are a little tough to learn but once you get them it's awesome."
76561198077639736,Recommended,488300,26419599,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,maxiblum,"the best snowboard game i have ever played for sure. it's really hard to learn and the flips are a bit weird because sometimes he just won't stop flipping, but after some time you will get better at it.i like that you can play it realistic, but if you feel like sending it hard you can huck a sixtuple cork :Dfor me it's the only snowboard game in which riding rail is actually really fun and just feels good to hit the rail. best thing though are the grabs, i didn't expect to be able to do all kind of grabs and then even tweak them how i want to kind of get an own style. methods just look amazing in this game.it's definitely not for people who like easy games, it's more like skate where you have to spend some time to get good. i don't understand all the people saying it's too hard and the controls are bad when they only played for 1-2 hours.for me it is the best snowboard game in a long time, probably the best ever"
,Recommended,488300,26228719,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Vaya,"Game is pretty fun but rough and unpolished in places.- progression system is weird. Wish there was more minor objectives and I miss the standard score targets from games such as amped.- Aerials are difficult to line up which makes landing them really rewarding. physics are sometimes too floaty with you being able to jump superfar or do massive gaps.- jibbing feels awesome. there's no difficulty to it though.- Brands are kinda lacking, as a fashionwh*re snownboarder I'm missing not having a lot more 'real world' items to choose from.- Music - soundtrack is great but too small. needs more tracks.Probably the best snowboarding game since Amped 2. If you are unsure you should wait for it to come down in price. £40 is quite steep. (that pun)NOTE - the steam controller doesn't work correctly for this game. you won't be able to flip consistently"
76561198033225205,Recommended,488300,26225447,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,DionysuS,"FOR YEARS IVE WANTED A SKATE = SNOW GAME... And here it is. Please for the love of god dont listen to those kids who cant spin or figure out the game. The Dev's said this is not "" PICK UP AND PLAY "" it is a skill, just like buckling into your own board IRL. It takes a second, I cannot believe all the negetive reviews this game is getting because people cant figure out how to throw a rodeo. Have you ever tried in real life?♥♥♥♥♥♥is not easy, and the Dev's made it feel like I am actually trying to throw a rodeo. Anyways, lets do some pros and cons for 1.5 hours in.Pros ~Controls feel great - Ollieing into a rail then using the right stick to put into a front side, then leveling out feels amazing.Graphics - Look and feel great, they are not going to blow your mind, and i am okay with that.The riders - Huge fan of all these dudes, finally I get to play as my biggest man crush - Torstien Horgmo or T-Mo :p(At this point all I have done is the career mode, and so far its a good challenge. There is a trick list so if you need help it shows you.)I am stoked to make my own mountian.CONS ~- Learning curve - To me this is not a CON so please dont let these other reviewers put you off to the best snowboarding sim we've had yet. (I have put about 7 hours into SNOW and this is much much better)Thanks -Dionysu5"
,Recommended,488300,26223787,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Chameleon Man,"I'll make it short and sweet; This game should be called infinite spinsTLDR;Good game, great potential, needs to alter the spinning/flipping mechanic. It has great dept but is a bit to advanced and complicated - makes it too dificult to do what you wantIn the current marked it is overpriced (devs got to eat tho right), it lacks some control aspects (spins, flips etc. are impossible to control. Want to do a 540? Good luck not doing an 1800 triple rodeo and slam it), world seems a bit empty (no other NPC riders or such), a lack of good premade parks and landmarks etc. in the world (again, seems a bit empty), personally not a big fan of the UI. Annoys me how it is so easy to do insane tricks – they don’t feel rewarding to land.Core mechanics of the game are good, physics are on point, controlling the board and railing etc. is very nice and fun. It has a lot of potential and I bet we’ll see some dank parks once it gets a bit of a community. It is a bit like Skate in the control and physics sense, but it’s more like a hybrid between that and SSX when it comes to tricks.If the devs update the game and tweak/fix some issues then it will be a very good game, I would think one of the best snowboarding games out there. I recommend it, but be weary that it seems a bit rushed and needs some polish. So, I guess, decide whether you want to shell out for it or wait. I can see this game being real fun with some mates on a cabin trip"
,Recommended,488300,28317864,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,[CONAN?]I love you,"I have spent probably around 300 hours in the Skate series, I skate in real life, and it is something that I always play whenever I can't skate. Ever since I started snowboarding, I have always prayed for a game that was exactly like Skate, but for snowboarding, and my prayers have been answered. This game is EXACTLY what I was looking for, it has very similar controls to the Skate series, and the physics feel very similar and realistic. I really really love this game, and it is so great that I now have a game that allows me to be able to snowboard, even when there is no snow out. I love this game and most definitley recommend it to any snowboarders looking for a game like Skate."
,Recommended,488300,28236944,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,OldWorld,"Love it! Best snowboarding game since Amped 1 on the original Xbox. It's the closest thing you'll get to a snowboarding simulation yet. Beats SNOW and Steep. SNOW forces you to pay real money for items in-game. Otherwise you'll have to grind for hours just to be able to afford stuff. It's also really buggy. Doesn't feel realistic. Steep lacks very basic and expected content. You can't even grind. Literally, there are no rails to grind. The system just doesn't exist.8.5/10. Pros and Cons below:Pros:Beautiful physics. Land badly and your character will catch their fall. Looks very lifelike.Analog-stick based trick system just like EA Skate.Large list of tricks, grabs, flips, grinds, etc.Decent graphics. Not the best but by no means an ugly game.Variety of challenges to unlock more content.Character customization.Mountain creator/editor/uploaderFancy creating a GIANT ramp in the middle of nowhere? Go for it!Found a cool spot but wish it had more rails? Place them!Too many trees in the way of a decent line? Remove them!Download other player's mountains.Cons:Very noticeable tree pop-in. Likely due to the fact each mountain is randomly generated.Due to the randomly generated nature of each mountain, they sometimes lack content. Some areas will feel repetitive.Not a lot of character customization. There's only a handful of each clothing type to wear. But at least it's varied.Music isn't great. I tend to mute the music and play my own. That's subjective, though.When you fall, only the first sound effect plays. If you fall down a big mountain, it'll be completely silent after the first sound. Weird.Overall, I love the game. Definitely worth the purchase."
76561197989598868,Recommended,488300,26243271,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,SenfgasTN,"This game is good. Particularly at filling the gap in the action sports category that was opened up by the continued absence of Skate and the old Amped series. The controls take some work to get a grasp of, but then again, so did The Witcher series. Make sure you're using a controller."
76561198020883579,Recommended,488300,26537477,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Frankie.,"Yes, the game is hard at the beginning and this is why it is so awesome. If every challenge in your life was easy as smashing on a button while spinning the joystick around, there would be no challenge. The fun part about this game, is about the learning curve. At first, it seems hard, you need to adjust yourself, you need to unlearn everything you learned in games like SSX and THPS. And when you finally get it, you'll start having way more fun. Trying to land exactly the trick you want is what make it so rewarding. Best snowboarding game I ever played.Pros:- Awesome gameplay and physics- Good Graphic- Landing any tricks feels rewarding- You can create your own snowpark/mountain- You can load community park/mountain so the fun is never over.Cons- No real story ( But it doesn't really need one since it's all about riding mountain, landing awesome tricks and sharing your homemade park. )TL;DR: The gameplay is everything I wanted about a snowboarding game and it is awesome !"
,Recommended,488300,26319720,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,FrostbiteT44,"Ive put 14hrs in so far and LOVING IT!!!!  The controls are quite difficult at first but thats what I really like about it, its something the player needs to work on to get good at!  The spins are a bit far fetched as you can pull off insane # of spins but other than that really no negatives.  The best part about the game is the Mountain Creator which gives you endless possiblites to create you own Slopestyle, Big Air, Super pipe, and back country mountain.  Definitley a great buy over all!!!"
76561198085405525,Recommended,488300,26326781,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,robert.harju,"While the game still needs a bit of polish (the controls are chunky and non-configurable) it isn't a bad game at all. It could have been ported to the PC a bit better (graphics needs help to hit full screen).I would recommend the game to anyone who 1) is a snowboarder 2) is looking for a game that is almost as good as Amped 2     & 3) is not concerned that it is obvoiusly ported from the console.It is a bit more technical like SKATE for the XBox was so, prepare to LEARN the controls. CONTROLLER HIGHLY RECOMMENDED."
,Recommended,488300,26316424,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,✪ sven,"My first review of this game was a total slaughter. I hated on the controls and pretty much everything else...because I didnt get it right, which is very frustrating. The controls do take a while to get used to, but when you start getting a feel for things then the whole game just opens up. Infinity Air is kinda of a game that plays you if you dont take control and play the game. With that I mean that you, the player, have all the power here. The reason for this, World Editor. This super fun and great feature lets you build what you want, how you want...and that is just what I did to truely enjoy every minute of this game. I created my own super realistic rail park, my own kicker line, step-up kicker, halfpipe and so on. Pretty much everything I wanted in a way I felt it was suppost to be made. THAT is what makes this games awesome. If you just pick it up and start to play the ""normal"" challenges Im pretty sure you will be kinda dissapointed. The devs have not created the best runs, parks and so on for us, but they have given us the tools to do it. It`s also super fun to try other peoples runs and mountains!There are still som tweaks and changes to be made on the game to make it perfect, but just remember to play it your way and you will love it."
76561198002574214,Recommended,488300,27781478,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SmOkEy,Great game with amazing park building. Controls are super hard but once use to them they are not half bad and actually kinda rewarding. The only thing i wish to change is the lighting is a bit extreme and flat light is and issue. Also the ability to slow the tricks down a bit more before landing to make it more realistic when opening up to land. 8/10 Great game over all and  the feeling of just shredding is great.
,Recommended,488300,26252243,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,SnowMoPo,"This is a game i have been waiting for forever! I have wanted a snowboarding game like this for centuries, and now its finally here.  The game is not exactly broken but there are some aspects of the game i like. The time it takes before you land until your body ""reacts"", publishing a run or a mountain is not easy to do, placing the start point of your mountain e.t.c. Even though the game is a little bugged it still is in my top 5 games that i have ever played! Well recommended!"
76561198140317537,Recommended,488300,26328101,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Kiljox,"I have to be honest.I will play this game a lot... but... BUT I am still disapointed! It is so un-polished for this day and age, especially for the price.  Stand alone game play is poor,  and rather uninteresting.Even though you can generate a new mountain at any minute the terrain is very uniform (awesome though)... trees are all the same, peaks all the same. The controls are pretty awesome but are also frustrating... anything off-axis is pretty much a huck fest with no ability to correct your actions.I can agree that any hardcore snowboarder will love the physics of the game... It loads fast and is pretty damn rad to rip the mountain! All and all it is just lacking any kind of spark. Throw in weather... avalanches... let me feel the powder in a 3rd dimension and for sure spead a bit more time with the controls.The game should be $30... Steep is on the way... I think we all just expected a game that tried a little harder.  The DEV's really need to step up and offer some more♥♥♥♥♥♥  Even the rider options, sponsors, focus is just non existant.I Give the game a 5.5/10 and as a diehard snowboarder I give it a 7 for replay and style... The game only gets and love from me because of how long it has been since I got to play a decent snowboard game."
,Recommended,488300,29976655,Posted: 16 February,all,Hortzy,"After putting in just over 6 hours, I thought it was time to give this little gem another postive review!I have to tell you, If your a SKATE series fan, or a Real-life Snowboarder.. You have to pick up this game!For the retail tag on this title, its more than worth it.And if you can't afford it right now or just want to try the mechanics first, just pickup the Free demo! Its pretty much a full sandbox game already, minus the Single Player Career, Multiplayer and Unlocks, Also the demo doesn't come with a Populated map (You have to create/place your own ramps with the map editor).You can download it from the steam database. As it seems theres no Demo option on the Steams store page.https://steamdb.info/app/531870/Now don't expect to jump into this game and be good right away lol.It takes a little time to properly learn the controls so that you can do the tricks that you WANT to do, When you want to. (Just over 6 hours in, Im just now feeling like I am in total control of my character)Once you Grasp that, This game has endless amounts of fun and realism!1 more thing to note.I have noticed some players complaining about Trick Recognition.From time to time a trick does get labelled wrong, but it even happens in skate..(all in all it doesn't happen to often).IMPORTANT: You really have to pay attention to weither your on your backside or frontside when approaching a Ramp,Rail or Vert. Its very easy to get them mixed up in the fast pace of say a halfpipe or sequence of ramps.Hope this Review has helped anyone.Cheers |ml,"
76561197998534045,Recommended,488300,26495524,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,sn0u,"JUST WOAH~~!!I think god listen to me i was searching about Steep and i didnt like it at all i looked about a game like amped 2 but new graphics more realistic physic and the dynamic to make your own mountain.And just in luck i drop on this GOLD....I saw some videos i purchase it i grab my logitech 360 chillstream (btw i press button and sometimes my character doesnt do anything)I played the game for 3.4 hrs i didnt land any trick, this game physic is freaking awesome. I have played all the snowboard game this one is the GOLD!!! You will tell me man are u crazy u didnt land any trick and you like this game YEAH I LIKE IT BECAUSE this game its will make my brain work !! you know what i mean. This is not like Skate I & II its more difficult EA Skate is very easy in comparison with Mark McMorris game, in EA Skate u had to take most control at R - Joystick for the tricks in Mark McMorris game u have to take controll all the buttons in your joystick for one trick oONeed help btw about my joystick you guys have any problem with your movement on character a move right joystick and the character doesnt responce sometimes. is the game like this or i use bad controller ? Ty!I RECOMMEND THIS GAME IF YOU ARE FAN OF SNOWBOARDING !!! OR NOT !!!"
76561197982996091,Recommended,488300,26297634,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Crypto',"me, real snowboarder for about 20years, played all skate games, can definetly recommend this game.the controls are even for me really hard at the beginning as they slightly differ from the skate games. took me about an hour to really figured everything out. for rodeos and normal spins the tutorial shows you which buttons has to be hold, but not which of them to be released to do the type of spin. hold everything down and push right stick up to do normal spin, hold everything down and release just the trigger to do rodeo... that kinda was a barrier to my brain.cruising through deep snow is fun and you can even do nice butters to jump combinations. helicopter mode is good emplemented and loading times are like none if game is on ssd.the graphics are ok, some trees or the lines in the snow eventually just pop up. in 2k16 you could expect better graphics for 50bucks, but they are still ok and dont ruin the gameplay. maybe an update could higher the distance visibility of objects.all in all this game will give me fun for many hours, especially because there are daily challenges to compete against others and the ability to create dozens of new mountains by generator and then set up parks with the ingame editor.9/10"
,Recommended,488300,26431351,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,PowSurfa421,This is no doubt the best snowboard game!
76561198209077565,Recommended,488300,26238983,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Charming Cthulhu,basicly a snowboard version of ea skate.. the control are different than in skate but its the same type of learning curve... you're awefull.. still bad...still garbage...you f*cking s*cks and then boom you finaly get it and you can control yourself propely...but to be serious its a game i see myself sink a good amount of hour in by dose of 40 min to 1h30... its a great relaxing experience you just chose where you want to get drop and ride the mountain
76561198093696020,Recommended,488300,26239406,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,CASP3R,"2nd look reviewok ♥♥♥♥ it i tried the game again after devs got back to me on the first one, they obviously poured a lot into making this game so i didnt want to give it a rushed judgement. first things first, this is better than SNOW, and this is better than the steep alpha. 50 bucks is steep, but with the level editor and and online modes you wont run out of stuff to do (one of the big concerns from original review). i do wish there was a way to open your body up in the air and slow your spins a bit, but this is the most realistic snowboarding game i've played in a while, and if anyone knows how to spin and cork it out its mcmorris, i'll just have to trust the name on this one. carving is legit. jibs are clean, maybe a little to clean sometimes, i've never hit a box or rail that didnt want me to spin out on it. would love to see a replay mode where you could save clips and make edits (skate style) and some more clothing/gear or customization options couldnt hurt.original reviewthis game is ♥♥♥♥in sick, but not worth the 50 dollars they are asking, needs some more content as far as customization for your character goes. maybe something to upload images for custom boards if they arent gonna have a huge selection out there already. refunded for now, will definately rebuy if i catch it on sale"
76561198048927482,Recommended,488300,28986507,Posted: 3 January,all,maximusprimate,"Best snowboarding game I've ever played.  It's everything I wanted SNOW to be, and more."
76561197972190427,Recommended,488300,29257697,Posted: 14 January,all,Korky,"Excellent game and well worth the asking price. For the record I have bought *and enjoy* Steep, Snow and Infinite Air (IA) but  Infinite Air is definitely the best of the bunch and has the most depth and control accuracy.My favourite snowboarding game before this was Amped 2 and I've been waiting for a modern take on that for a long time. I bought Infinite Air last of the 3 current snowboarding game and that was mostly down to bad reviews from the media but I'm glad I bought it because it fills a gap that Steep is nowhere near and Snow falls a little short of. Don't be put off by the demo BTW, the game is far more polished and full of content. The demo is a BAD advert for the game IMO and shouldn't have been released as is.The big selling point of IA is the careful wedding of the control system with the physics and the devs did a great job fine tuning this - it is well designed and accurate and whilst it's hard to master it's very satisfying as you improve. I can't understand the negative comments in the media about the controls being unnecessarily complex because they're *really* simple given the muiltitude of tricks you can pull off if you have the skill / timing. It does take practice and patience but that is what games like this are all about! Steep is great fun for a short while but it's shallow and the controls are wonky IMO.  Infinite Air is the opposite in many ways; deep and difficult to master but very satisfying when you begin to make progress (which might be several hours into the game).Genuinely, if you like games like Amped and Skate then ignore the media reviews and look at the user reviews and get yourself a quality snowboarding game for a bargain price."
76561198021654366,Recommended,488300,26278026,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,SamRothstein,Very happy with it so far!  It's very realistic and not overly arcardy.  It's a community driven game too.  Also it has an open world where you can go back country boarding anywhere you want.  VERY COOL!
,Recommended,488300,26678398,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Carl Grimes,"The best snowboarding game since years. Takes a few hours to really nail the controls, but it's so gratifying once you do. Can't recommend it enough!"
76561197979443460,Recommended,488300,26223141,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Pizzaman,"Update 1 of my review:I actually enjoy the game, the controls are hard to understand but once you start to understand, it kind of feels right. I think that it might be the best action sport game that ever came out since SKATE 3. I did not change my mind on the price that is too expensive though. I think that for a game like this, that don't necessarely appeal to the mass audience, a price like this is too expensive. I enjoy the fact that you can really personnalize the way you ride by the way you press the joysticks. I recommend this game only to the people who are practicing extreme sports  frequently and that needs their fix. I don't think other people will enjoy it as much. I am going to play this game tonight again and might update this review again.Original Review:Good but not enough to be worth 49$USD.I got a refund because I don't think the game is worth 49$. The game itself isn't bad, it's actually fun and probably the best snowboarding simulation I've played, yet a lot of things seems missing. The graphics and the physics are good though.The main downfalls I would say are the controls who aren't intuitives enough, the lack of content and the price that can't be justified (Even some AAA games aren't that expensive...)I will probably buy this game again when it will be on sale but right now, I don't think nothing can justify such price. It's a shame because  I think the game itself is better than any of the snowboarding simulation who came out in the last decade."
76561198202746105,Recommended,488300,26313637,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,FarkWadd,"Really fun once you get over the learning curve. good game to kick back and play to take a break from shooting zombies, robbing banks, or assassinating targets, you know the usual stuff. but with that said i would wait for it to go on sale $65 is a bit steep for this kind of game id say $35-$40 is a fair price."
,Recommended,488300,26294402,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,fr-eyes,"Dope game, you just have to learn how to play it. Don't listen to all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ saying it's bad, they just don't know how to play the game."
,Recommended,488300,26363733,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,stfudisc,goodHuge mapRandomly generated mapsFree roam mode (sp and mp)Level editor (sp and mp)Smooth animationsThe controls are greatFeels great and realisticPlayer is physicalHelicopterbadgay particlesoptimization could be betterWhy only 2 people in mp?
76561197971863540,Recommended,488300,28653892,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ebanuel,"bought steep and infinite air.played both for 2 hours.Got my money back for steep and really started to like infinte air after about 2,5 hours these were spread over 2 days.No i have 10 hours played, all today...If you like skate/trials/any other physics based ""extreme sports game"" you should be fairly into this.Devs seem responsive to questions/wishes which is a +Have a nice holidayWP Devs"
,Recommended,488300,26224422,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,lifeismyjoke,Basically a better SNOWPretty sure everyone downvoting thought this game was a casual. It's a snowboard sim so yea...
76561197997518271,Recommended,488300,26222581,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Stiiii,"Today i spent 4 hours instaling bootcamp on my mac just to try this game.Its everything i've been waiting for since ea skate.This game has great potential. However there are a few things i would like to mention:-The control of the rider feels somewhat slow and unresponsive. (maybe me who isn't used to the carving, but i found it hard to align for rails.)-Trick system too advanced. I love the skate controls, but this is not the precision skate had.-Impossible to ""slow"" flips in air.-Using triggers to manipulate spins feels weird. Why add more buttons to basic rotations instead of using just the L stick to have full control over rotation system. (try ea skate in funtrack)EDIT: After playing all day, i am getting used to the triggers. I can easily do 3s,5,7s etc. But flips ar impossible to time.-The level editor is very hard to use. Or at least takes some time getting used to. Spent like an hour making a simple rail setup + kicker with proper  landing. Wishlist: ability to duplicate elements from selection, fix bugs with ""Snapping"". Ability to add more shape anchors when sculpting snow when in edit mode.Sidenote: The rotation system using triggers is whats ""ruins"" the game for me. i understand there should be some kind of preload. How about using one of the triggers to ""lock"" rider position then use left joystick to choose amount of power, (only needed for huge spins)Also, grabs should be releasing when trigges are released, noticed i had to let go of of joystick to release grab, therefore holding the grab to my ""death"" istead of properly aligning the board for landing.I will probably write more detailed on the forums after playing some more.I recommend this game because i know it has tons of potential. Once the control system gets ironed out a bit i will be gaming this nonstop.(ps: developers only reason why i asked for refund was because im buying for ps4 on friday)Update: Hooked on this game, but its sooo hard. Made a park just for practicing rotations. 6 hours straigt trying to get good at this. Got the basic spins down. However i cant seem to time any off axis rotations."
,Recommended,488300,28476712,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,moikymoik,"Fantastic game that I would recommend to anybody who loves to snowboard and wants a game to satisfy their need to snowboard. I love the rails and the jumps, I haven't quite gotten the hang of grabs yet though because of muscle memory from Skate 1,2, and 3. Only downside is when doing a backflip or frontflip, you stop rotating when you're vertical, so the game kind of helps you land. I'd really like to turn this off so I can be really satisfied when I land a trick. Other than that, I love it so much!"
,Recommended,488300,28798789,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Flipzer,"Great snowboarding simulator, similar to the skate series.Best snowboarding game I have played in a long time, it's on par or better than SSX.The game has a lot of technical depth, and you'll be playing for 100+ hours to master every trick, which makes it fun :)The controls are a little hard to get into, but worth it!Super fun game, not much story or narrative, but the free roam is so good that it doesn't matter.You just wanna cruise around and do stuff, no motivation needed, this will be my go to winter-wonderland :)I would give it a solid 9/10, because of bugs and frustrating controls sometimes.Go buy it if you feel like shredding around on your snowboard!"
,Recommended,488300,30018236,Posted: 18 February,all,GussiG,Just a great snowboarding game.As previously stated anyone who loves Skate 3 and enjoys winter sports will love this game.
76561198047020687,Recommended,488300,30767180,Posted: 26 March,all,BRICK,"If you're a fan of snowboarding then you will most likely learn to love this game. Best snowboarding game on the market hands down. Physics are good. Controls are rewarding once you get used to them. My only complaint would be that the game should be more difficult. It’s the kind of game that you can choose how realist you want to play but would be nice if they had a hardcore physics mode.Love that you can:Nollie, front side rails, tweak grabs, perform off axis rotations with practice, butter, Nose press, tail press.Some things I would love to see in the game are:Counter rotation on rails, ability to bonk trees or horizontal objects in parks so you perform tricks off them and  better speed check control.Some things I would love to see in edit mode are:Plastic Barrels, Shipping containers, C Rails, Stairs, water tanks, and proper wall rides."
,Recommended,488300,27312509,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,supra,"Good game, moving mechanics are a little odd, takes some getting used to but decent game."
76561198030291449,Recommended,488300,27989342,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CRW,"Great job creating a realistic feeling snowboarding game. Probably the best Unity engine game I've ever played. Great physics, although as some people have said the spins might be a bit too fast at times. The new patch made landing flips easier, but it's still probably the most realistic snowboarding game out there. The learning curve might feel a bit steep but that makes landing huge tricks and lines feel very satisfying. I also realized after a while that you don't necessarily need to charge your flips/spins, you can hit a direction on the left analog stick after jumping (kind of like in STEEP) for similar but less predictable flips. Grinding is great too.Creating runs and parks is a great addition. I've played on user made parks that could pass as realistic parks made by the devs, but there are also crazy huge air/not so realistic parks that are a lot of fun as well. The park editor is quite robust. Being able to also record runs on the fly is a great feature as well. Also, being able to choose a ghost to ride with on runs is nice.The graphics are good. Runs at 60fps in 1080p (GTX 960 4GB) with everything on max except AO. The trees have very noticeable pop-in though. I'm sure that helps the game run smooth, but it would be nice to have a setting to tweak the LOD distance. Nice lighting/shadows, and the reflection on the helmets look great.So if you like realistic games like Skate, as well as playing user created parks, you'll probably like this."
,Recommended,488300,27205598,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ReaLteC,This game is great. Maby not worth 40 dollars but still an amazing game for those who loves snowboarding
76561198046675106,Recommended,488300,28877145,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,PAPPA!,"I don't see why ""Steep"" got so hyped and this is a bit hidden in the shadows really?! This is the snowboardings answer of the EA's Skate games! Huge mountains, and a lot of variated building possibilities, such as parks, half-pipes, quarter pipes, rails, ramps and back country jumping lines. Recommend it a lot! And you can share your competitive lines, parks or your completed mountain amongst others online.Just one thing to notice!You can only play it single player or with ONE friend. I still hope they'll make a public multiplayer mode.And I would appreciate if you could change the weather and time.Everything else is top notch imo. 8/10 snowflakes!"
,Recommended,488300,26219616,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Kaffeebohnson,"Shares the two triggers, two sticks control setup from Skate, but controls differently.It makes sense for snowboarding though, and is actually really cool and appropriate once you learn it.Remember, Skate took some time to master, this is no different it seems. Stick with it!"
,Recommended,488300,26270720,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,win_detto,"This game is simply put amazing.For me as a snowboarder for over 10 years, the lack of good snowboarding games is just ridiculous.If you are a snowboarder, like me, looking for a game that will help with snowboarding crave, this game is the way to go.Controlls will make ""physical"" sense, just as EA Skate's did in the time.Grafics are not top notch for sure but textures are good enough, animations most of the time look natural, and there are marks left on the snow after the ride.Montain is quite big from what I can tell after of few hours plaing, with almost no loading screens. It's also open worldish. There are parks, high peaks, forests and stones.I haven't explored much futher but I  already want to go back and shred some more.Conclusion:Solid game in the genre. Totaly worth it's price. Must have for rl snowboarders.P.S:Torstein Horgmo is in it. :D& sorry for posible mistakes, not native English speeker."
76561198079569147,Recommended,488300,26217579,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,BurgerBob,"This game is snowboarding sim and as with any sim skill is required, if you are expecting button masher super combo crazy time turn away now. Don't expect handholding. Imagine you're standing alone with snowboard at the top of the mountain and you've never shredded before and you need to get down. This game is like that and also there is no break button. You will need to learn to break by applying appropriate forces to the board with the left stick. But little by little you will gain skill and overcome what only appears as steep learning curve. And then you're in for the threat that will last you a long time.Controls are bad.. no they are not. Rarely do we ever get this amount of control over our characters. Not compatible with instant gratification though.Price point.. it took me some time to figure it out since at first i've thought it was overpriced. But then i've realized that devs are aware of how good this game is and how much is it worth relative to the rest of the market. This initial reaction is normal when the price of the games is crosschecked with hype surrounding it as an assurance about sound investment because this game had none. For the better I would say, this is exactly opposite from no mans sky fiasco.Performance.. game is made i unity engine. And I usually can't stand it because unity attracts bad developers like turd attract the flies. Well guess what this game runs well! If that's not testament to the ability of the devs.. game is made in unity and it doesn't run like crap. Honestly I thought it was not possible at all.I could talk about unparalleled sense of speed and freedom and bunch of thoughtful little game design things that are implemented but I have to play. Just do yourself a favor and give this one attention it deserves."
,Recommended,488300,27579533,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,b7ad,"'Physics based' snowboarding skill - If you are looking for something more arcadey with lots of challenges and objectives to complete, it's not the game for you. It's pretty rough around the edges, but the snowboarding feels absolutely amazing and I'm pretty sure I'll be continuing to play this for a long time.PerformanceRuns great for me, never dips below 60, usually much higher. Options menu is quite sparse but functional.Audio/VisualCan't comment on soundtrack as I mute and play my own music, but the sound effects are pretty good. Graphics aren't crazy but look good enough. Character animations from your clothes fluttering in the wind to how the snowboarding looks is really great. I wish the snow around your board was animated better, but considering it's a Unity game overall it does look very good.GameplayEssentially the EA Skate of snowboarding games. The game is 'physics based' meaning you have control over all aspects of your weight distribution/movement whilst snowboarding. For example, you can easily over spin before launching off a ramp and just like in real life, not have much control whilst in the air to be able to fully correct yourself so you bail. The controls will take some getting used to, but once you start to it feels absolutely awesome. The closest game I have ever played to feeling like real snowboarding bar none. Sure you can pull off crazy unrealistic tricks, but trying to pull off specific more realistic tricks is where the fun and skill is. There is quite a robust park editor which lets you build stuff anywhere on the huge map and publish your stuff for others to ride. Whilst I'd like more items in the park builder, there is everything you'd want to ride; rails, boxes, halfpipes and ramps. Grinding boxes/rails and riding halfpipes especially feels awesome. There is a replay system and multiplayer both of which I have not tried yet. There is a campaign mode of sorts that gives you various challenges to complete, but building your own/riding other peoples creations is where it's at. A lot of menu actions such as finding spots you want to get back to are very clunky, hopefully this is improved on further. The game doesn't try very hard to give you loads of objectives and things to do, it's all about the snowboarding - which is the way it should be, at least from my point of view. 90%+ of the 100's of hours I spent in each EA Skate game was just enjoying skating at a spot, rather than missions/challenges etc. The game does have a lot of issues; some clunky menus, very minimal customization options for your rider and various other quality of life issues that need sorting but the devs are very active in the community and seem to really care about the game so I am hopeful for improvements in the future."
76561198002207025,Recommended,488300,27712769,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Gasbah,"Surprising game. Came out of nowhere (at least for me) and is really good fun. No story mode, just challenges to unlock gear, but really addicting. Can create own parks and lines and share them online for others to beat. 50€ is a bit much, get in a sale if you are not sure now!"
,Recommended,488300,27230794,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,EEEHAW PEEPAW,"The more you play it the more you'll like it, plenty of great parks created by players"
,Recommended,488300,29286179,Posted: 15 January,all,Rican7,"Challening, technically impressive, and incredibly rewarding.The controls are unique and can take quite a bit to get used to (his isn't a button masher), but ultimately they give you the best control that I've seen in a snowboard game to date. Similar to ""Skate"" in many ways.The game rewards style and precision, which makes landing a trick well a very rewarding experience. The challenges can be tough and even sometimes frustrating, but the progression is fantastic.Overall, I really like this game. I wouldn't exactly suggest it to more casual gamers expecting an ""SSX""-style game, but snowboarders and more dedicated gamers will love this title."
76561198261897213,Recommended,488300,32350938,Posted: 11 June,all,Lukez farmskins.com hellcase.com,"The game is just great.I've been waiting for a Snowboarding game that could fulfill my summer shredding needs, and here it is... It's realistic and smooth as much as it is funny and good looking. Easy to learn and hard to master, which makes the game a perfect mix of fun and challenge. I'd compare it to the Skate series when it comes to control system and realistic physics.Only downside is the lack of updates, as I said the game is great, but it still needs some improvements and tweakings, maybe some more content such as park structures or clothing/gear..."
,Recommended,488300,26699512,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Ptolemaic,"Bought this on a whim without knowing about Steep, Steep went beta 3 days later. I played Steep - this is far better if what you want is the best snowboarding experience available. That said, this game is all about finesse - so it takes some getting used to, but the results once you ""get it"" are so rewarding. Heading over to Reddit you'll find the developer giving out advice and guidance to people to hone their grasp of this physics system, and taking feedback for future adjustments - a very good sign for the future support of this game.Some of my PROS:- Most realistic snowboarding game I've played, closer to a simulator rather than a Tony Hawk-esque experience. The control mechanics are often compared to Skate and I think that's fair.- Landing a big, floaty, stylish 720 method with the perfect slow spin feels great - but it takes finesse to do. Once you learn not to go HAM on everything, the possibilities really open up. Being able to shifty my board to stick a clean landing if I'm over/underspun looks and feels so good.- I love the animations just on flatground while controling my speed, the way you control your board for carving, speed control, flipping into switch stance, etc - I'm a snowboarder and the amount of attention they've put into the board control even while *not* doing tricks is phenomenal. The animation/posture for doing a slight speed adjustment with your toe edge, the way your legs and body have to move to do that on a hill - they *nailed* it. It looks incredibly natural and realistic.- Runs great! I'm on an AMD Quad core from 2010 and an r9 280x and I run this at full everything with no problems.Some challenges/possible CONS:- This game takes finesse. If you don't like the idea of taking time ""getting the feel"" for the controls, you're going to have a bad time. If you can't stop going full-speed/full-jump charge off of everything, you're going to miss most of what makes this game incredible. If you want to play it like Tony Hawk, it will be a bad game.- Soundtrack is actually decent but super limited! After a couple days I muted the music and put on my own. There just aren't enough tracks it gets super repetitive. I wish I could add my own music to the game so I still hear the actual soundtrack mixed in with my tunes.- UI is a little wonky. It's not buggy, I just think it's a bit clumsily designed. This is almost certainly because it's built for consoles and not PC.- Character customization/unlocks are lacking. You can unlock new riders, unlock new boards - but none of them seem to have different properties in-game. Switching my board just changes the graphic. I would love if you could have different board lengths/styles with different properties. It would be cool if different riders weighed differently and so resulted in slightly different gameplay, etc. At this point all of the unlocks are purely cosmetic from what I can tell, zero gameplay impact.- You cannot grind on certain things I think you should be able to grind on, like ramps made out of logs. I should be able to slide on the side-edge of those ramps - you will bail if you attempt this.- I wish I could get off my board and walk to more precisely setup runs.- Finishing up all the ""things to do"" as in the pre-packaged challenges, getting lots of achievements seems like it might run out quick. If you need the carrot-on-the-stick to make games fun, this might run out of steam sooner than you hoped. This game is much more about style and feel rather than accomplishments. If you don't care about gold stars, the open world aspects of the game and ability to make your own mountains/ride others means the satisfaction is endless."
76561198119044172,Recommended,488300,28445171,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,ROOADAA | ROLLAAA DA,"I really like Infinite Air. It delivers good gameplay and epic moments that keeps me coming back for more. I myself purchased this game because of the world editor within Infinite Air. I remember the days when I played SSX and thought ""Man, how cool would it be if I could make maps like these!"" I've always dreamed of a snowboarding game where i can utilize my passion for creating courses and then I discovered Infinite Air.I came into this game with crazy ideas like snowboarding down a mountain with lots of turns, pipes, jumps, rails, mountains- kinda like the maps in the SSX franchise. I toyed around with the editor and found out some tricks for how to make certain things, but its limits hit me like a concrete wall. Now after playing for 30+ hours I have seen the limitations of the world editor and what I find it best to use with, here's what i got:The editor is good for making realistic parks, mostly. It's difficult to be precise when you want to place objects, so details are a pain to add. Beyond parks, the limitations become apparent. With the current terrain sculpting tools and miscellaneous parts, you won't be able to stretch your imagination very far.You can alter the objects on the randomly generated terrain, like placing rocks, trees, some jumps here and there and make an alright track. But the second you, or atleast I, try to alter the terrain itself using the sculpting tools available it becomes a bumpy mess, or a boring flat tilted plane. Id rather just keep the terrain as it is then to try to make it custom.Oh, and the graphics; I think they're alright. I wish there was a way to change snow, night/day, fog and all that good stuff. I also wish the shadows were more powerful, and with that, I wish they added light sources so you can really make a dark cave or one filled with lots of fancy lights. I found that when i made a pretty large cave once, that it was just slightly darker than the outside which ruined the atmosphere that I wanted to create.TL:DRIn conclusion, I think the game mechanics are good. The graphics are alright, no way to change the mood or atmosphere of the game (can feel quite boring, lonely.) The controls are difficult to get used to but fun when you know how to use it. The editor is limited, needs more parts and tools to really let the players create whatever they desire. I have yet to try to MP but im sure it's atleast equally as fun as SP. The circuit mode is ok I suppose. Would recommend for those who likes Skate or SSX."
,Recommended,488300,26702759,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,My Lit Pony,"Since SNOW is slowly turning into DayZ on skis and the Steep beta was about as much fun as sticking a toothpick under your toenail and kicking a wall, I'd say this is probably the best snowboarding game out there at the moment. Just forget what you know about SKATE and other snowboarding games and prepare to get your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ penetrated by the insane learning curve."
76561198001369494,Recommended,488300,26513886,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,hodgepodge541,"Could be a Great GameThis is by far the best snowboard simulation game made raw mechanics wise. Coming from a background of playing stoked: big air edition,  skate series, and snow the controls were super intuative and I didn't have a problem with them what so ever as others have stated differently. My biggest gripe with Infinite Air is the content. Infinte Air is really shallow and feels like a incomplete game. For the amount of content that is provided I don't think it is worth the 50 dollar price tag. It feels very empty with very little of a ""career mode"". If they took the amount of challengs and own the spot type stuff as in the skate series or stoked: big air editon I think this would be an absolute buy. As it stands currently I think it would be tough to reccomend unless you are the type of person that just likes to explore with no real objective style of play. With the looks of a growing community I do think that the user generated content could really help this game out a lot."
76561197971514257,Recommended,488300,29931126,Posted: 14 February,all,GWADS,Challenging but rewarding. Could do with some control refinement. Definitely one of those 'just one more' games. If you like freestyle snowboarding or if you enjoyed the EA Skate games you will have a lot of fun.
,Recommended,488300,29952223,Posted: 15 February,all,Ryxc,"Pretty fun game so far, but oh my god, if you are a game developer and want to know how NOT to do a tutorial, this is your example right here."
76561198073465095,Recommended,488300,30295172,Posted: 3 March,all,nick cage,"great game, only thing i would like is the option to turn off speed checks, i dont like using them and they costantly happen when i dont want them."
,Recommended,488300,29441801,Posted: 23 January,all,Brockman44,Only have played 4 hours but so far the most accurate depiction of snowboarding done in a videogame.  The controls take some getting used to (like everyone else has stated) but it is seemless once down (there's about a 30-minute tutorial when you launch the game for the first time that gets you pretty well acclimated).
,Recommended,488300,28278725,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Phamtastic,"Finalllllly, I've been waiting ages for a game like this. It taps into the very essence of a true freestyle oriented REALISTIC snowboard gaming experience.At first, I was a little bit upset that the PC game didn't allow you to use a keyboard, but after you realize that the analog sticks are required to execute the physics, it suddenly became okay, I get why a keyboard doesn't work for this. (PS3 controller works with Steam.)If you've seen the Shredbot crew's work in the park in the real world (YouTube), you can pretty much get what they would be going for in consulting a game design. And, it ACTUALLY delivers all the awesome aspects about snowboarding; presses, shifties, corks, rotations, powder, backcountry, butters, ollies, nollies, big booters, and so on, are all in here.Learning to play this has quite the learning curve, almost similar to real boarding. The trick bag is rather large in this so it actually makes for a delightful freestyle experience as trick combinations are endless.  Any intermediate-advanced level rider (real boarders) will be able to appreciate the feel of this game. Of course anyone can pick this up and play it, but the snow bumbs will definitely have more fun on this game as it is very technical.The bail physics aren't the most realistic for obvious reasons, what would normally put you in the hospital, doesn't take you out of the game. But hitting features in the parks keeps you wanting to do laps. Speedchecks are required to not overshoot on jumps and board physics are on point as you can see the board actually flex when you press. You have endless access to a chopper and you can basically create your playgrounds in the mountains. Anything from grading jumps, rails, boxes, hips, etc etc. Powder physics are feasible, probably as close as you can get on a video game.Highly recommended for anyone who needs something to tap into a digital boarding experience on days they can't get out onto the slopes. Just bare in mind, if you're on the PC, you will need a controller, the analogs are required to execute torquing spins and locking presses.**This game is in direct competition with Steep which I've played but I much prefer this one as it is much more focused onto the technical aspects of boarding. I got other games to mess around on if I want to free roam, but this one will definitely put you to work in terms of your freestyle development for boarding.Hope this helps you guys, I'll more than likely be creating some YouTube content on this game once I get better at it :)"
,Recommended,488300,28240736,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Iskåll,"Such a fun game, controls are rock solid once you get used to them. Alongside Amped 2 and Snow best game in the genre.I will write a more extended review once I put some more hrs in it."
76561198017689850,Recommended,488300,28849760,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,AMK,"One of my favourite games in 2016.The controls are amazing once you get used to them, the game is visually great, and you can mix it up between realistic and more arcade gameplay depending on your preferences. Once you've completed the challenges, there are plenty of player made mountains/runs which you can play around with. You can also create your own parks/lines with the creator tool.The only flaw I've noticed during 30+ hours of gameplay is that there is a bit of graphical pop-in on shadows/trees, which can be a bit distracting, but it has no influence on the gameplay itself.I bought the game for the full price when it was released, and to me it was well worth the money."
,Recommended,488300,28953964,Posted: 2 January,all,Dreadders,"It's been a while since we've had an enjoyable snowboarding game that isn't overly cartoonized (SSX) or a steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game nicely fills all the goals of what a decent snowboarding game should be. Let me list up the pros if you're curious:I. The physics are solid (more on that below)II. The world/park editor are there with a nice foundation of customization. It's also free-roam which is great.III. The visuals are beautiful with shadow-laden mountains and whippets off the cornices.That's pretty much what you need to get layer going of Snowboard frolicing. That being said, I do have a few gripes which I hope the developer(s) read and can introduce in future versions.I. The ability to fine-tune the mechanics of the rider. Being able to turn mid-air and perform 1400 degrees of rotation off small kickers makes my eyes roll. I'd like something that mimics reality more than ridiculous stunts.III. I'd like the ability to alter the speed of the replay. As far as I'm aware, there isn't a way that allows you to ""slow down"" the replay for slow motion. That's a pretty big deal. If there is, and I may be corrected in the comments, then it needs to be easier to find.Other than that, solid 7.5/10 of a game. Get it if you want to play the Skate 3 of snowboarding."
76561197965089342,Recommended,488300,26237277,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,gzpedro420,BEST SNOWBOARD GAME I EVER PLAYERbut seriously hand down the best amped to was great but rail control in this is just so good . When you start understanding the physic and control its up to you to ride wich ever way you want. Realistic or unrealistic chose your way . Graphics are not the top for a 2016 but it does look great and everyting else will make you forget about graphics anyway. If you liked skate you will like this rail control is really similar and board control is just awesome you can put so much style in everything you do when u get use to control! unlike snow were it always feel static there no movement or loose animation no style like this game has. PlUS the terrain editor is a bit weak but quit good im enjoying it a lot and there a lot of way to create pretty much anything . If you like snowboarding just get it best game ive bought this summer hands down 10/10 would quad cord again
,Recommended,488300,26237602,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Kazimierz Wielki,"+ :-physics--EDITOR--trick system- (for me)-feeling of riding-neutral:-grind system, for this game is bit too easy- (no balance control)-Graphics, becouse it's clear and nice, but could feel empy (especialy compared to steep)- :-no section between arcade, and simulator--hitbox system on rocks is really randomise--restart button-  (i have accidentally restart my ride a lot of times)-no keyboard support--spam of markers- (pls give ""turn off"" option)-some bugs-I really don't understand people complain about control system, you could near everything you want, for spending few hours of learning it. Infinite It is hard to learn, but pleasure of landing hard tricks is amazing. And game is ""infinite"", Editor let you create near everything you want to ride (no Z-axis rotation yet). When you want to complain about that snowboarding game is hard, just go and try it in real life. Worth 50$, but if it would be on sale i would highly recomend.*flips should have ""slow down"" system like rotation, now they are very hard to learn"
76561197973008502,Recommended,488300,28181134,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,O-Dog,The best snowboarding game ever.
,Recommended,488300,34027496,Posted: 4 August,all,TheSKSpecial,"The closest thing you'll get to Skate on snow. The controls are solid, there's challenge without it being overly cheap, and if you know where to look you'll find some great user-made content to ride on. Only thing I wish this game had was a real replay editor with the ability to change camera angles, but that's a nitpick that doesn't overshadow how good this game is.If you're looking for the next SSX, you'll probably be disappointed, but if you're looking for something realistic and good? Get this."
76561198019060690,Recommended,488300,34776210,Posted: 6 September,all,inGameToasted,"As someone with over 1k hours invested into this game I gotta say it' a pretty dope snowboarding game. I guarantee that there will be some aspect of the game that you will enjoy if you decide to pick it up. Unfortunately there isn't a huge playerbase, and therefore no new patches since a few days after launch. If you do enjoy the railing part of snowboarding, then I would recommend getting this game over Steep. However, some people find the magnetism to rails too strong, I'm not too concerned about it because I don't try to play this game realistically.Pros:+Map editor+Fun+A campaign which takes some work to finish 100%+Player customization+Better rails than Steep+Great to play when doing something else like watching YT or a movie.+Sharing lines is working very well and there are loads to play if you get tired of the campaign+Not hard to mod to get custom textures if your favorite sponsor isn't in the gameCons:-Low playerbase, no one to play with-No updates due to lack of popularity-Magnetic rails (this is subjective as stated earlier)-Might be repetitive after a long while-Some achievements unachievable due to low playerbase-People abusing rail glitch to get unobtainable high scores in mp contestsOverall I would recommend it if you enjoy snowboard games, however if you're looking for a multiplayer experience or a game that gets updates, this is not it."
76561198205532148,Recommended,488300,30137730,Posted: 24 February,all,Magnizzle,"I have played this game a lot and I was very stoked in the beginning.But it turned out that the trick recognition system doesn't work well all the time.You do triple Corks and it just counts the grab. You do a spin grab combination and it counts a Rodeo. This can be frustrating when trying to clear the challenges in Circuit Mode but it's still possible to clear of of the challenges.Now I have unlocked all possible stuff and every single achievement and I hope for more challenges or content to be provided soon.The Trick List in game which tells you how to do what is not always correct. I would think it's not a big work to correct it. (You will find more information from devs on this below)It's not perfect game yet, but it's a must have for snowboard addicts.It's compareable with the game ""Skate"" but as the publisher isn't as big as the publishers of ""Skate"" for example it takes a little bit longer to improve the game.It's a nice game which still needs some polishing. Give it a try if you are a fan of this kind of games. You won't regret it."
76561198006676002,Recommended,488300,33510849,Posted: 13 July,all,angrysurfer,"It's skate, but with snowboarding. Modern day amped snowboarding. The gameplay is perfect (Give it time, as a serious skate addict it took a couple of goes before everything clicked), but it seems the developers didn't have time to make minor things like levels, single player and so on. You need to get the user made content to get steep  a full AAA experience.If games like steep leave you cold, get this."
,Recommended,488300,32825972,Posted: 26 June,all,Ottomic,"I just hit exactly 2 hours on this game, and I'm on the fence about refunding it, not because I don't *like* it, but because of very fundamental control flaws that I'm not sure are my fault or the game's.Positives:- It's got a very deep (albeit somewhat redundant) control system. One can ollie, nollie or pop, the first two allowing control over trajectory and the second one offering the maximum spin but not allowing adjustments. The controls on snow also allow a great deal of precision over turns and such, and spins can be charged in three different axes, mixing and matching as you go. It also allows for a lot of grabs, although not as tight as SSX 3's ""tweak"" feature allowed, imo. It doesn't have proper ""tucking"", which is lenient to leaving you dead on the water or lacking speed on jumps.- Physics feel right. Grinding after a spin has proper momentum to it. The tricks you're able to pull are honestly ridiculous (1800s, 2700s) but eh. One can vary spin rate depending on the trick they're pulling and by compressing the rider's body, which is nice.- One can move to any part of the mountain and start a run, restart it at a moment's notice, rewind and fast forward through the line, overall it's got great control over progression during a descent.- Surfaces feel different and have different requirements and qualities to them.- Compared to other winter games, it definitely wins in the ""quality over quantity"" category for me.- It's a very light game. Between 1-2 gigs, which for people like me with a cap on their connections is amazing news.- Music is meh, but overall it fits the mood.- Tutorials are rather complete.Negatives:Engine (Unity) related issues:- Very touchy controls, lenient to fail to register with sudden inputs. I somewhat ameliorated that through the Big Picture options, but that's far from perfect. While I managed to solve some trigger related ones, the sticks are still giving me a headache, and I'm not able to do what I want to do when I want to do it, which is IMMENSELY frustrating.- Drawing distance, on trails, shadows, detail and such is limited, and is especially noticeable, making the game look uglier than it really is.- Limited hardware related customization options that underline how weak of an engine Unity can be.Non-engine related issues:- No support for digital input, which compounds to the sketchiness of the controller detection and has no reason to be outside of left thumbstick inputs.- No custom character creation or progression.- Playing area, while reasonably large, feels limited at there being only one of them, with only user-made lines. Runs are over way too soon.- While there's a replay feature, camera and speed control is very limited. Taking screenshots just right is honestly a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥- No tutorials on the interface, which believe it or not, takes some trial and error to get used to.Overall, if you're someone like me who enjoyed SSX3 and the Skate games, it's definitely a game that offers a lot of bang for the buck and that is definitely very compelling to try. But be aware that on the technical side is not nearly as polished as it should be and is marred by a weak engine that doesn't properly showcase the amazing effort from the developers, and as such, you may unfortunately want to refund it based on the experience. 6/10."
,Recommended,488300,28301567,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,hatin leonhart,"I'll preface this review by saying this: I'm not an extremely articulate person and I very rarely go out of my way to reccommend games to people, so the fact that I chose this game as my first Steam review ever should speak to the fact that it's a really enjoyable experience.It truly is the EA Skate of snowboarding. If you were a fan of the Skate series, and are itching for a fix of that unique Skate feel, this is the game for you (even if you aren't a huge snowboarder). Infinite Air provides you with the same mindless joy that came from Skate. You can sit for hours just messing around at the same spot and still have fun. The only thing that bums me out is the fact that there isn't really an interesting base/home mountain, but rather a series of different spots connected to challenges and community-made maps. A lot of these maps are great, however, the feel of exploring an interesting environment (like the mountains in Steep) would be a great addition to this game and would really help flesh out and give Infinite Air that 'finished' feel.In the end, the experiences you get from Steep and Infinite Air are completely different, which is natural since they are very different games in what they intend to offer the player. Infinite Air is, first and foremost, a more realistic snowboard 'simulator', while Steep is more of an 'extreme/go fast' kind of game that has snowboarding in it.As someone who LOVED the Skate trilogy, this game really is amazing (even if you aren't a snowboarder), and now that the game is only $30, there's no reason you shouldn't pick it up."
76561198103228862,Recommended,488300,28781281,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,bucky_BMX,"This is by far the best snowboarding game available. As long as you stick around for a couple hours to feel out the control scheme you will have an amazing time with this game (They remade the tutorials and I followed along easily). The physics and animations for the rider are what separate this game from the rest (including Steep). This is the only title that really makes you control the rider realisticly and has none of the arcade like feel to gameplay.You have to time you spins and flips properly for every jump and apply the right amount of spin force. You have to time your landings as well making this the most challenging out of the winter sports games out right now. This game gives you as much control of the rider as possible and does very little of the work for you. Because of this the game never feels repetetive for me. I want to say its like how the game S.K.A.T.E. is much more realistic that Tony Hawks Pro Skater, but that is an understatement.I am also very impressed with grinds in this game. Its nice to have a smooth transition into a grind from off the ground without feeling like its blocky or you dont have any control. The game Steep dosent have grinds in it at all (literally. not a single rail currently) And as for the game Snow grinds are so lackluster they arent worth trying to do.Im not here to hate on other games, I just want to do my best to compare them. So if you are looking for a game that offers more than Snowboarding and don't mind an arcade like feel to it then Steep is the way to go (if you dont mind paying the ""steep"" price of the game) If you want A free game that just allows you to do winter sports and your not looking for much then just install Snow. But if you want a realistic experience with full control of the rider then Infinite Air is your game. Plus its only half that of Steep"
76561197974075488,Recommended,488300,26634663,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Dyfed,"This type of snowboard game has been long awaited for me, kind of feels like the SKATE series. What it really needs is some fine tuning - it's impossible to do big, but slow and stylish tricks, like a cork 540 or a double cork 1080. It's either 180 or quintuple cork 2480. Also, points and scoring is weird. The more the better, no award for style."
76561197978992009,Recommended,488300,29031037,Posted: 5 January,all,LeSic,Awesome!!!!!!
,Recommended,488300,28242650,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Hobbes,"If you are like me and preferred EA's Skate over the Tony Hawk games then this is the snowboarding game for you. It has a pretty steep learning curve but it is so satisfying once you get more comfotable with the controls and start stomping tricks.The mountains are procedurally generated so you can never have to run the same route twice if you want. The world editor is also very good. Add jumps and rails wherever you see fit or even sculpt the snow. You can even out, groom, and remove all trees/rocks from a section to build your dream park or move snow around in the backcountry to build that sweet booter.It's a very good game but not totally without fault. If you want structure and a career mode it's there but pretty shallow. This game is best if have and imagination and passion for snowboarding. There are minor bugs here and there but the devs are still very active with the game and an active part of the /r/Infinite_air subreddit and are very helpful.All in all, if you want a snowboarding simulator, this is the one to get."
76561198037916749,Recommended,488300,26613682,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,{0100Venetas1100},"Gonna rebuy it since Snow is basically dead and Steep looks like it will be the next NMS in terms of hype not met according to the first few beta impressions on the forums.Looks like you have no chance if you want a decent boarding experience...The game got its problems but the potential is ""infinite"" *kek**kek*"
,Recommended,488300,28338216,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Seru,"So... you can build your own friggin park (which includes every feature you can ever think of), play as your favourite pro snowboarders (and verse them), AND there's multiplayer which you can play with your friends??? On top of all that, it's $40 CND instead of that AAA ""top quality"" snowboarding game that's being sold for $80 ... Why are people even playing Steep? This game has everything Steep has except does it better (Mark McMorris knows his♥♥♥♥♥♥and Ubisoft know jackshit about snowboarding). I would rather support a pro snowboarder than some big company that cucks over their consumer with buggy games. This review is extremely biased and I dont give a fuuu"
76561197987526601,Recommended,488300,28279179,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,UnfriendlyToast,"As I right this review I currently do not own the game as when I bought it I had a misunderstanding of what it was that I was buying. I returned it so that I might return to the game later... A week later the price dropped!This game will not thrill you with online play,This game will not suck you in with crazy visuals or a mountain packed with events. There is almost none of that. In fact the single player feels far more like an extended tutorial. A forced way to try out all the tricks and hone your abilities then a true ""game"" experience. What this game will offer is an amazing gameplay experience. Where the true reward is learning how to play. I found as I landed crazy complex moves using all the variables at my disposal, I was treated with. Great visual representation of my physical button presses. For example simply by slowing down just a hair before launching off the ramp I timed just perfectly to get that second flip in. And once landed, your treated with great landing physics. It looks like your player is really throwing his weight around to balence just enough to land. All of this wonder physics interaction created this feeling that I am in full control. Although just a small gripe I would have liked to see the characters arms react to physics better, there the only stiff looking part.Other then that I need to say if your looking for a social game do not buy!!! You can create your own mountains and parks and share them and it's wonderful. But it all still feels to damn plane and empty, and even though the community is filled with awesome helpful people, you generally have to look for them on your own.In closing I think this game would have benefited massively From going early access I myself will be far more willing to put my money on this game if I knew that there is more to come. it's just feels a little too shallow but with the price drop I say it is 100% worth the money. The developers are incredibly involved in the community and they promise more content and have followed through with patches. they claim that they want to add real multiplayer and I really hope that with enough popularity. They will fully realize this wonderful game."
76561198011411923,Recommended,488300,29065812,Posted: 6 January,all,lateralus,buy it !
76561198203578699,Not Recommended,488300,26218400,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Blue eyes White Privilege,"I was really waiting for this game im a true snowboarder that rides everyday of the winter** first of all, It definitly does not play like ane of the skate games at all..**i was really sad when i realised i could not stop my spins while i was in the air... like its nearly impossible to do a good old frontside 360 on a big jump.. you will just keep spinning until you land.. you gotta kind of crink your spin befor you jump with the triggers and thats just terrible in my opinion..its kind of hard just du slow down befor rails ( and this actually really important lol..) boardslides and fs boardslide look realistic but the nosepress and tailpress on rails are looking terrible.. you cant really noseblunt it will always lock onto a tailslide and the spins in/out of rails are also looking really terrible and unrealistic..**customizing your player**Now i know.. its mark's game so the only brand available are his sponsor brands.. and thats fine.. but ♥♥♥♥ i cant even choose a color for the hat that i want... .""oh you like this hat? well its available in green and tan.. no other colors sorry""really a poor selection of clothing and lets be honest when you are a true snowboarder you like to have your own personal style right?..**graphiques**i already knew it wasnt going to be good and honestly if the controls were really like skate, i would not give a single ♥♥♥♥ about graphiques... i would be stoked anyway!If you really are a snowboarder and you loved skate and you want a game like skate but for snowboarding.. sadly this game is not the one..i will ask for a refund.( respect to mark mcmorris tho great rider great person)"
,Not Recommended,488300,26278603,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,lil tiddy,"Definitely fun, controls take a bit of time to get used to. Right now the amount of content isn't worth the 50$ price.  Right idea, needs a bit of work and added features."
,Recommended,488300,28802454,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,■́͢͠͞͏■͏̶̛͟■͢͠,Yes
76561198033152536,Not Recommended,488300,26221633,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,LaffeHond,"The perfect snowboarding game.. If it wasnt for that one game breaking flaw.For the people who don't want to read the full review, on the top a pro's and con's summary:(Note: This is based on my 2 hour experience before I need to decide whether I refund the game or not)Pro's+Finaly a dev had the courage to make a game dedicated only to snowboarding (not like Steep or Snow)+Physics are exellent! Love the way the board flexes when railing+Graphics are what you can expect from a modern snowboarding game. Works very well on a triple screen (5760x1080) setup+Great menu structure and easy navigation+Open world with the option to drop in anywhere you want by chopper+Great level/map editor, Really works as it shouldCons-Game Breaking Flip mechanics!-Was expecting Skate controls, but this is nothing like it (if it comes to flips)Even to the point where I don't want to play this anymore..Full review:As a snowboarder myself I always loved snowboarding games. From the early PC title Supreme Snowboarding to the Xbox's Amped series and Transworld Snowboarding.Even the acceptable titles such as Shaun White's Snowboarding and Stoked: Big air edition, I've played them all.I was really stoked when I heard about the Infinite airInfinite air does about everything right. Great setting, Nice graphics, Great soundtrack, Exept for that one flaw: FlippingFlipping is almost impossible. If you're expecting Skate controls like I was, Don't waste your time.That thing with the double trigger and right analog stick just doesn't work!It's just not satisfying to land an 1800 rodeo based on pure luck. And I know the devs can do it right, just look at rails: Doing a rail slide is justmechanically perfect in game! Very Very nice to do a backside 270 in to a slide and pop out just as easy.There is no way to really control your spin whilst in the air (ye ye I know thats very realistic, but this is a game ffs) which makes flips and spins very difficult.Final conclusion:Could have been game of the year if it wasn't for the game breaking controls.Flip mechanics break the game to a point where I don't want to play this anymore, untill this is fixed"
,Not Recommended,488300,28623823,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Owner of the Dimmsdale Dimmadome,"Was looking for a good snowboarding game, was fine with the system to control the character, but the control inputs themselves were very unresponsive, even in the menus where I'd have to hit A or B 3-4 times to do something"
76561198060277483,Not Recommended,488300,26215192,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Kastelleon CIV-87,"Well,Love the theme of things, minimalistic, smooth enough animations compared to snow or steep, nice sense of speed, controls are....., mountain editor is great, multiplayer is decent enough, though I didnt try much of it. Why? Well I had to buy a gamepad to play, not an issue, needed one anyway, loved skate and ssx, so was amped for this, but it needs some work.First off, its a mixed of physics based, and arcade, as you can pull of world records on near flat land by preloading, and the scoring system rewards you for it, which I understand as skate had the same system. Yet, the rider seems to have a speed cap, which is really disappointing as if we're throwing reality into the wind then a boost is needed, hell copy the tricky meter from ssx. The controls require skill, but there is a ton of forgiveness in the landings, and no option for a harder trick difficulty or no magnetic attraction for rails. You can make♥♥♥♥♥♥look really clean, and the animations help make the landings look realistic, but its not worth $50 in my opinion. 30? sure, but not 50, sorry, wanted to adore it too.Definitely when its on sale, but not atm"
76561197961127153,Not Recommended,488300,26213297,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,[RedCoats] Hellfire,"First of all this game does not support keyboard and mouse. Not an issue for me but others have had this issue.Now that you have a working controller prepare to smash it. The control scheme seems to be broken. You have next to no control over your air time. I would randomly try and do a flat spin and suddenly I'm corked out or doing a painfully slow 180. There doesn't seem to be any consistency in what you do.""We understand the controls aren't pick up and play, but the more you put in the easier it will become."" - Bert McCertThis should be a big red flag to people familiar with this genre of game. I spent most of my time trying to beat the flip tutorial.I also noticed tricks coming up incorrectly. Clearly doing a boardslide and being awarded points for a 50-50.Once into the main game there's no clear direction or goal to achieve.Edit: I feel I should clarify. This is not a bad game. There are lots of features and the editor will keep us busy for a long time. I just feel the control system needs tweaking and perhaps giving us the option to change keybindings. For example the pre-wind triggers feel backwards for me having played a lot of Stoked. The control system is such an important factor that I feel it drags the game down. I wish there was a way to vote between recommend and not recommend.Edit 2: After nearly 4 hours of play I'm still extremely unhappy with the control system. I'll maybe try again tomorrow but frankly I don't see it improving."
76561198030853973,Not Recommended,488300,26224006,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Island Ed,"i couldnt believe the bad reviews and Ive been waiting for a fun snowboarding game since ssx3. so i bought it.what i loved about ssx was the freeroaming part. getting dropped of at the peak and ride completly chilled down without any goal or pressure, enjoy the wildlands and maybe pull off some nice moves.so thats exactly what i wanted from this game, no fancy trix  and no over the top anything... just an more advanced freeroaming and still this game failes to satisfy even such low expectations.3 major Issues1st.:  the controlls are Horrible.  OMG now i understand why people complained about them. how could u do this??? seriously what did u think to put so many actions on the sticks ( the most unprecise controlls ever ). its even a torture to just carve down a mountain. u have to be carefull to not press forward or backwards ( which is super hard on a stick ) that means to carve down a hill u press the stick to the left, let it go, and then press it to the right... if not u end up stopping ur ride or on the nose or tail and than stopping or if u have something in front of u, it take u for ever to get back controll of ur board and lean in time to the side to avoid hitting the rock.  after u managed that, now try pulling of some trix AND staying on course without missing the ramp or the sweetspot for the jump. of course its practice.... but why should i need to PRACTICE BASIC MOVEMENT.  why dont u use the buttons on the controller? instead u have all the reset, helicopter and get back on track options there.... which would have been completly fine in the pause menü, since if u crash u have enough time to press pause and if ur a good rider u dont need those funktion very often anyway.its like FIGHT NIGHT the boxing game , u have a lot of movement on the sticks,  but not in the good and fun way like fight night had.  more a frustrating and unpractical way...  it feels like it was done on purpose to let u work harder for everything so it seems more like a Simulation and complex.... but its not , its just unnecessarily difficult.i have to admit im no snowboarder at all. but i do downhill longboarding ( carving not speedruns )and i have a feeling for hard turns... its pretty hard on a longboard since u are loose on the board and not tied to it and the wheels can decide to stop sliding which throws u over in an instant, but still, i can lean my whole bodyweight into the turn, go deep down till im on the ground with my hands and get up fast enough to take the next turn. but in this game where i imagine ( beeing tied to the board and beeing able to drift sideways without worrying of beeing smashed to the other side by the board) that taking hards turns should be way easier... it is actualy not... it takes the rider for ever to lean his whole weight to the side, which makes that nice hard carving around practicly impossible. the guy on the board doesnt move his hips and legs at all, its like he has a stick up his .. well from the feet to the head or is stiff frozen. i mean look at this guys(in the link), how easy and fast they do the turns and how deep they go to the ground when they turn hard and how they use their whole body especially the hips and lower legs to do the carving... the only moment when u go that deep at the turn in the game, is when u brake and stop the ride.  when im at ground level leaning to the left, it should be no problem to instantly throw yourself to the opsite side because the momentum and u can put your hands on the ground to keep controle .    u can even pull that off on a longboard if wearing those drift gloves but as mentioned u risk getting hammered to the ground, that wont happen on a snowboard since ur slideing all the way. especially at 2:18 u will see what im missing here, those short but deep turns, flip from side to side , like slalom... not in this gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKpLbVu3mP42nd) the grfx: from a technical point this game is poorly optimised. it stutters all the time. every 3-5 sec u have microfps lags.  and then... there are the trees ... OMG THE TREES.   for me the wildlands are the most important part of the track... the nature has to be on point in 2016 since we all have good machienes i expect higher standards. so lets get to it.:the trees pop up at around 100m (sure u can see a lot of trees before but a enough of them pop up out of thin air ) and till they are at 20m range the morph their shape 3 times!!!!!!! its like the transformers movie ... first the are skinny, then they get thicker, and when they are at close range than they look like real trees.( look at the trailer at 1:10 on the right side of the screen at the trees how the shapeshift at that ridiculous distance)  at that distances thats completly unacceptable, if ur riding through the woods ull have a constant poping and morphing to a degree where no one can ignore it.  its allright if u have a poor machiene and put the settings on low.but i play every game on ultra, and even ARMA 3 with a objekt visibility of 3.5 KM!!!. i can see the trees in arma from one top of the mountain to the everything my eyes can catch on the horizon...  so whats the excuse for poping up trees at 100m here?? i even found a tree floating 2m above the ground.3rd.:  Content.  filesize is 2700mb of random generated content.  random generator for Mountains is a great idea for extra content but my problem is... the whole game is random generated and that means it suffers from the random generation like most games do. its just boring and cant be compared to handcrafted locations....no cool spots, no lifelike nature (natural decay, broken trees, froozen streams, snowslides that left their trail behind) , no caves, no people down in the resorts and villages, no abandoned cabins, or maybe some frozen dead bodies of lost borders XD  u know... handcrafted intresting stuff to explore. also the setting doesnt change... in ssx u had wildlands , u had casual tourist tracks, u had villages, u even had a part of a city to ride through... none of that ull find in a random generated game.  so everything looks kinda same.and NO, its not an excuse to put in an editor if ur asking for 50,- for 2700mb of random generated content and expect the players to build the rest.a very friendly advice to the devs, as they are reading the reviews.:it took me 8hrs to decide if i buy it or not. and the reason is, 50,-would it have been 30,- i wouldnt had to think twice and i for sure wouldnt get my money back... but this is not worth 50,-   not even if ur desperate.i wont buy steep since im at war with ubisoft and i would prefer this game any day over steep.but dont make the mistake to do a No Mans Sky move and ask 50,- for a game like this which sadly cant compete with steep. dont get me wrong, i dont see steep as a good game. but the majority doesnt care what ubisoft pulls off all the time and are willing to give them the 10th time a 2nd chance, especially if there is no competitor.well now there is YOU and you have the advantage of beeing released earlier, so use this time to get all the support u can get by lowering ur price for the game. u will sell way more copies at 30 than u will ever at 50,-   and when steep releases it will pull all the attention to it, since its ubisoft and their marketing is super strong. u will lose the competion if u dont play ur cards wisely NOW.once the game drops at a reasonable price im concidering buying it, but for now, im getting my money back. sorry"
,Not Recommended,488300,28454137,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,ZeroWarmup,"Slow and boring. Doesn't even come close to the best snowboarding game ever: Amped - Freestyle Snowboarding from the year 2001. It seems like there are no steep runs to be found anywhere. Carving is extremely annoying because if you don't move the left analog stick perfectly horizontally every time or if you move it too fast, you end up switching from regular to goofy-foot all the time which slows you down even further."
,Not Recommended,488300,32749013,Posted: 24 June,all,Nedmac,"The spins and flips don't always work the way you want them to. The trick list told me a frontside rodeo was left on the R stick and L trigger but doing those things I did a frontflip, a cork, or a mistyflip depending on how the game felt I guess.Don't expect to pump out tricks like in Shaun White Snowboarding or SSX.....Very Frustrating Game for a Snowboard game fan"
,Not Recommended,488300,26214062,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Hunter Chantion,"It's not a bad game. But wait for it to go on sale, it's worth probably 25-30 dollars.If you're an avid snowboarder and love the sport more than anything, I'd still wait. I snowboard everyday in the winter to the point where I can't walk.The controls are really bad, and it requires a gamepad to play it, without it you can't do anything but use the menu in game.It also plays nothing like skate, if you're looking for a skate 3 experience, look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,488300,26417871,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,CloudyGiraffe,controls suck. not as fluid as expected
,Not Recommended,488300,31090034,Posted: 11 April,all,staticmyth,"I was looking for a proper sequel to SSX 3 and this was not it. If you liked the Skate games, you'll love this but it really disappointed me."
,Recommended,488300,26220078,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Gwynbleidd,Very fun and realistic snowboarding game. Controls take a while to get used to but with a bit of practice you will get the hang of it and its very rewarding.
,Recommended,488300,26430299,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Pudding Please,This game is no longer buns.
76561198373689380,Not Recommended,488300,34522297,Posted: 26 August,all,Hambaghini,"Loved this game when it initally came out and played it with friends before I decided buy it, once i did end up buying it for some reason, i imagine with an update to make the controls more 'realistic',  the game became super clunky and turning feltextremely boring and a complete drag as well as the general game feel felt less realistic. Going from playing it for hours on end to once buying it only sinking 58 minutes into it i'm not sure if i'll be picking up the controller to play it anytime soon."
