user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,490450,32103525,Posted: 1 June,all,Cow Thighs,"I want to start by saying, I wanted to give this game a bad review. However, there are too many great things I love about this game despite the nearly game-breaking issues. While playing I have encountered: Useless camera angles that block all vision, enemies teleporting across chasms to other buildings, enemies headshotting me when behind cover crouching, a ROUGH aiming system, and lastly, some pretty stupid AI.The game is a 3D top-down in which you manually turn the world 45* in either direction at any time to get a better view. While not many games do this, it looks great and almost always works. Sadly, it doesn't work on this game 100% of the time. The world in this game is massive and as a result, not every area was designed with the player's camera in mind. There are tons of places around the world where your camera angle is flat out obstructed and useless. Another thing to take note of, it requires a lot of coordination to rotate the camera, dodge bullets, and fire back while running around.As for the teleporting enemies, I've only encountered this a handful of times and maybe it's entirely my fault. If you move around the edge of a ""restricted area"" either controlled by a gang or a mission, enemies often reset if they were lured away. This means you could be shooting at an enemy and they teleport to the other side of the area, or out into the open of one of your exposed flanks and just kill you. I assume this is what I saw every time when enemies teleported, but it's still a wee bit too touchy with it's reset.Enemies headshotting me behind cover has been the ultimate annoyance with my time playing the game. In this game you can crouch and go behind cover to avoid gunfire. The catch is, if you try to shoot back, you have to stand and expose yourself to enemy fire while you shoot. I know this. Yet, I often find myself being shot through cover if I'm pressed against it too closely or if i'm just a step away from it. Which in most cases it shouldn't matter because enemies are level with my character and not shooting down on me yet I still die? I don't know if anyone else is experiencing this or maybe I'm still ""standing"" and the animation hasn't completed. Either way, I've died a boat load behind cover when I shouldn't have.The dreaded aiming system. Most players will tell you that this mechanic hurts the game's experience the most. Over all, it works the way it's supposed to but there are massive problems with it. It all goes back to the camera angles. You cannot shoot some people above or below you despite easily being able to do so. The camera will fight you every step of the way as you try to get the reticle on the enemies above or below you. The way the aiming system works is as follows: You toggle the aim button, move the reticle over someone, and fire. The problem is, you only shoot at ground level relative to where your cursor is. Unfortunately, you don't control the Z axis, it's auto-determined by your reticle placement. Not to mention, your screen follows the reticle and you have no idea what's happening to your character.Lastly, stupid AI. If you EVER get stuck trying to clear an area or mission, all you have to do is lure enemies with gunfire and they'll come one at a time until every last one has died. This ruins a lot of the fun because you die in one hit and the game doesn't force you to try new things and encourage it. Instead you can just camp each area out and most people will saying how frustrating the game can be at times.-------------------------------------------------------------On to the Positives if this first part didn't scare you away...-------------------------------------------------------------The best thing about this game hands down is the atmosphere, design, style, music, and concept. Everything about this game and it's mood is awesome and knocks away most of those glaring negatives. It creates a weird fusion between Ghost in the Shell and Assassin's creed and I love everything about it.The game takes place in a future tokyo where you become a paid contract killer to find answers as to who framed you. The concept even though it's cheesy and a bit over used, it works here. You have the ability to change your appearance at a moments notice to vanish from your enemies, giving you the drop on them. The idea of this game is simple but it's very fun and very stylized.Although I mentioned the 45* rotating camera as a negative, when it works it works damn well. It's so awesome to be able to wrap around buildings with ease of the camera to find paths and hidden secrets. This game is unique in many ways that other games can't compete with. Throw that in with all the chaos of bullets and grenades, you can make some really cool moments.The game provides a ton of difficulty along with one-hit deaths. This is where the game tortures the player. You will die a lot and hate the game for it, but then overcome and feel beyond successful. When I first wanted to write this review I was going to give it a negative review for all those problems mentioned + how annoyed I was with dying at first. After sinking hours into the game and learning how it works, I've fallen in love with how brutal the game can be.If you like collectables and 100% completion like I do, you will love this game. There's a bunch of collectables each one having a little mini puzzle of how to get to it. This sometimes includes jumping onto moving hover cars which you would think are just part of the background, as they zoom by quickly but aren't. You can jump on these cars to get to buildings and certain collectables/unlocks.I will end my review talking about the music. It is simply amazing. It adds a whole extra layer of atmosphere to the future tokyo theme. I've played for hours and have yet to be annoyed or dislike any of the tracks. All that aside, it's just a good soundtrack. If you are planning to buy the soundtrack, I would wait for a sale. Despite the songs being awesome and fairly long in soundtrack standards, it is NOT worth it's current price. Personally I feel as if there just isn't enough tracks here for that price. While talking about the price, I will say I feel 20 USD is fair for the base game. I know there's some talking on the forums about the price, but there's not enough reason for it to be any less. It's a good game past it's flaws."
,Recommended,490450,32093850,Posted: 31 May,all,build the bridge,"Pros:-GORGEOUS world; the devs hand-made every single building because they didn't want to copy and paste-Interesting factions with personalities-Multiple ways to do missions-Loud combat is fun and has bullet hell-Seems like there is enough content for around 10 hours of gameplay in a playthrough-The collectibles are customization things for you character, so they aren't useless-Teleport system lets you TP anywhere in case you get tired of exploring-The world is a great sizeCons:-Camera and FOV are a little wonky-The only way to play in stealth is to hide and use your sword; no gadgets or anything-The ♥♥♥♥ing motorcycle missions42/10If you think you might like this game, you will"
,Not Recommended,490450,32194966,Posted: 5 June,all,Gwathdring,"Tokyo 42 is a disorienting game. The art style's flat lighting which looks lovely in still shots and videos turns out to be dificult to read in play. Determining how far away or even at what angle objects are at reliably (especially the most important objects--bullets) requires flicking rapidly between multiple views, but this is frequently impossible due to buildings in the way or the sheer speed it demands of the player. Enemies have nearly perfect aim with excellent movement prediction whereas the player is stuck unable to sort out if that bullet is traveling sideways at an angle covered by the bench you're hunkering behind or from a high upward angle that can kill you. Enemies also have absurdly fast reaction times; I frequently found myself already dodging precise incoming fire from the moment I clicked to fire a sniper rifle from distance. Especially early in the game, with enemies also having substantially faster bullet speed this made combat feel extremely random and frustrating.I felt challenged not to aim and react quickly but to figure out what on Earth was happening and how to position the camera to see it which didn't feel fun or interesting. There are a few section where buildings are positioned such that no useful camera angle is available, as well, making combat  and stealth alike largely guesswork. It is difficult to sufficiently stress how little depth perception this game offers to the player between it's visual style, lighting system and camera mechanics and when it further restricts full use of the already severaly limited camera due to it's architectural arrangements, it becomes infuritating.On top of all of these gripes, I found hit-detection quite strange and stealth even stranger. Sometimes, gunning down enemies at a distance would sound the alarm, sometimes it wouldn't with no pattern of enemy positioning, visibility or weapon used seeming to explain the difference. My character would be shot from an extreme downward angle while in cover and enemies would die while adjacent to rather than being struck by bullets--on the one hand the free kills were welcome given how unforgiving the camera was, but it also didn't feel clean and precise and pleasant and contributed to the disorienting feel of play. Similarly, the game's decision about what vertical angle the player is shooting at when not on level ground with respect to enemies seemed inconsistent; sometimes bullets would get stuck on walls the aim tracer said were not in the way and sometiems bulltets would fly clear through apparently obstructing walls.No doubt it's in large part due to these frustrations, but I also did not find this game very *interesting* to play. The storytelling is minimal which was to be expected, but the missions were uninteresting and the map layouts uninteresting. I cannot recommend it. The visual style is lovely, but as a word of caution it is notably less impressive in action than it was in screenshots and preview footage even on full settings so perhaps be careful even if purchasing based on appearance alone. I was still quite happy with the visuals for my part.The only thing I can whole-heartedly endorse is the soundtrack which I found quite pleasant."
,Recommended,490450,32176375,Posted: 4 June,all,DarkMellie,"It's the neon cyberpunk game you never knew you needed in your life.Controls are amazing, missions are varied, gameworld is absolutely bonkers.Whatever you read about the camera, know this... you will not get used to it... you willmasterit. I say this from both a controller and keyboard perspective.Devs and publisher need your support, this is a quality title and buying it will enable more quality titles down the track. Don't let your life be a pastiche of the same genre-games in different guises. This is inspiringly original stuff."
,Recommended,490450,32111801,Posted: 1 June,all,Literally Need Help,"Great game, however feels so slow. I've been waiting for release time, and I'm not wrong how this game going. (Updated: for 'no money drop' in Cons, I have delete it. They do drop moneyin the next stage, they have red circle mark on their heads. Hunt it down for some extra money.It's not a big drop, but it's good to hear for me)Pros:1. Colorful and astonishing background2. Catchy music3. Complex gameplay and balanced difficultyNeutral:1. It's slow (It's fine for me because I like to feel the game entirely)2. No vehicle (Except for mission)Cons:1. Hard to aim (Seriously, I'm still trying how to get used to it)2. No difficulty setting3. Hard to dodge bullets if you got ambushed (You died, try again)Conclusion:It's definitely a good game. Even tho it's lacking some of it, it still have its charm to itself. Graphic, secrets, missions, every aspects in this game, just beautiful. I can't recommend to someone that saying ""It's like GTA games"", because it's actually not as complex as GTA.Score: 8.5/10(Welp, I'm not a professional reviewer. And also, I'm not a native English speaker. So sorry if I did something wrong when review this game. I hope you can tell me where is my error in this review. Thanks!)"
,Not Recommended,490450,32208117,Posted: 5 June,all,Link232,"Tokyo 42 seems promising, but past the decent aesthethic for the game, has ideas that are either half-baked or burnt.  Every gameplay aspect has either been borrowed from another game that's done it better, or is unpolished and frustrating to play with.Let's start with the basic ""loud"" premise of gameplay, the gunplay and shooting.  It's played as an isometric shooter, but without a fixed camera perspective.  You manually move the camera about while also moving your character.  This is one of those interesting ideas that seems like it would work, reorientating whilst fighting to gain new perspectives on your opponents and layout.  In practice, however, it's incredibly disorientating.  It's hard to tell if a bullet is lethal and flying towards you, or will pass harmlessly above your character.  This isn't a problem for the AI though, who will lead their shots and hit you perfectly fine, not only with bullets, but with pinpoint grenades that land exactly where you may be taking cover.  Running around, jumping and trying to dodge gunfire's impractical due to the camera, as well as the sheer volume of fire and aim you get from the AI.  Taking cover and trying to pick them off also isn't practical due to the aforementioned grenades, and that you still seem to get hit behind cover fairly often enough from stray bullets.You also die in one hit, a premise that's been done plenty of times, most famously perhaps in Hotline Miami.  Unlike Hotline, however, the disorientating nature of the combat, as well as the rather large and massive fields in which said combat takes place means you'll more than likely die randomly from a stray bullet, pinpoint grenade, or from someone creeping up behind you in AI-only teleporters throughout the levels.  Also unlike Hotline, checkpoints and saving are sparse with 'loud' combat.  There are plenty of checkpoints themselves, sure, but you can't actually use them if enemies are out to kill you, which they generally are if you use any form of loud weaponry (i.e. about 80% of your arsenal).  With the late-game missions, this can mean having to repeat a 5-10 minute combat sequence over and over again, dozens of times.  It gets old quick.The stealth is the complete opposite of the loud combat: boring and uncreative.  The only factors that determine if guards become alerted is sound and line-of-sight.  Which means tediously creeping through a level and meleeing every guard from behind, or finding a far enough vantage point you can snipe from (generally not supported in most missions) so that everyone's far enough away that they can't hear your gunshots.  Yes, the isometric perspective may have gotten this some points, but in terms of stealth it really doesn't provide much of anything.  It may as well be in a generic third-person perspective.  There aren't even any real stealth weapons that I could find, just the basic melee katana you're given at the start.  No stealthy throwing knives or crossbows like Far Cry, no supernatural movement and possession like Dishonored, no light/shadow, corpse-hiding, sound-aware stealth like Thief.  Just sneak and stab, and even that isn't that satisfying compared to something like the Metro series or Mark of the Ninja.How about the story?  Nothing really major, a pharmceautical company puts out a drug that allows people to live forever and respawn after death, which turns assassinations into shows of force with no permenant consequence.  You get framed for the perma-death of someone who didn't take the drug, and thrust into the world of assassination to try and clear your name after climbing the ranks.  Surprise!  The pharma are evil and trying to take over the world.  You stop them.  Woo.Major pharma company having a world domination conspiracy?  Deus Ex: Human Revolution.  Cabal of assassins with a weird internal order?  John Wick.  Being framed for a crime you didn't commit, having to go on a quest to clear your name?  I'm not even going to start listing.  All of those works do the story much better, fleshing it out, adding nuances and setting, compelling characters.  Tokyo 42 simply just says ""hey, they're a thing"" without getting further than skin-deep.  The only interesting character, the enigmatic leader of the assassins Nu-Baba, even seems to get dropped halfway through the story.I really could keep going on and on.  There's a bike riding mechanic that gets used for all of three missions, then gets dropped.  Surprise, it isn't even that good.  There's a nemesis system ala Shadows of Mordor, only it's pretty much ""unmarked NPC that looks like a civilian tries to shank you.""  The extent of it is getting a cat that wanders around until it spots them, then you kill them for a paltry sum of cash.  Soundtrack?  Bland, for lack of a better word, it's run-of-the-mill ""future/techno ambiance"" with nothing that really stands out.  I'd even argue that the graphics of the game, the simplistic future style, probably the best point of it, is done better in Block'Hood.In conclusion, there really isn't a redeeming aspect to Tokyo 42.  Any original aspect present in it is clunky, hard to play with, and doesn't really get explored further.  Everything else has been taken from games that do it so much better.  It's not a BAD game, mind you.  It's seemingly free of glitches, runs well enough, uses original assets.  But it's a bad GAME.  It's frustrating to play, not fun to keep playing, and you'd much rather be playing something else rather than continue."
,Not Recommended,490450,33499619,Posted: 13 July,all,Inspector Fowler,"Tokyo 42 is a game I have really wanted to like. It has a neat aesthetic and music, and a setting that is simultaneously hilarious and serious.The problem is that it's hampered by horrible controls and a useless camera. Enemies can come out of virtually any door around you (you can't use 95% of the doors in the game) and a camera that rotates in increments makes it nearly impossible to have good situational awareness. Enemies are totally capable of firing rounds after a death animation and cna detect and fire on you so fast that the in-game stealth system is mostly useful in the ""HEY YOU SHOULD STEALTH HERE"" scenarios.This combines with a stingy checkpoint system that will let you restart at a variety of vacations, but with all the enemies respawned. Why bother, then? It ends up feeling unintentionally cheap as soon as you hit most of the levels past the tutorial. What could have been fantastic firefights end up being ""hide and snipe"" festivals as you realize that getting into any kind of firefight isn't going to work with the sticky (and sometimes buggy) controls, swarm-style enemies with insta-shoot reflexes, and terrible vision.I don't regret the purchase, I guess - the dev seemed really nice when I watched the Quick Look EX on Giant Bomb. But I think they need a couple more swings at this before they can come up with something responsive and challenging without being cheap."
,Not Recommended,490450,32524946,Posted: 17 June,all,Shifty,"A solid base concept with a cool art style and fun basic gameplay, but the semi-orthographic perspective camera combined with reliance on 3D spatial reasoning ruins it. Be it dodging bullets, collecting items as part of the parkour missions or driving the bike, the game feels far less fair than it should due to its difficult and unituitive controls."
,Not Recommended,490450,34553098,Posted: 28 August,all,monster mash,"The isometric aesthetic is stunning. The game, visually, is beautiful. The isometric perspective allows you to view every angle of the uniquely constructed buildings in this game. However, the isometry gimmick wears out fast and makes the game difficult to play. Buildings get in the way, making you unable to see where you're aiming. It makes the already boring and difficult combat system even more complex. The combat makes you want to play fast, but the slowness of bullets and the one hit kill nature makes you want to spend half an hour hiding behind a wall.Boring. Clunky. Slow. Needlessly complex. Gimmicky. Don't bother."
,Recommended,490450,32653928,Posted: 22 June,all,icanhasjonas,"One of the better games this year. Good story, fun, challenging, and absolutley BEAUTIFUL"
,Recommended,490450,32092872,Posted: 31 May,all,Exviscerous,"an artistic masterpiece. many games try to pull off a ""stylized"" look, and when they fail, the game ends up looking not-so-stylized, but instead like a lazy attempt at true-to-life graphics. its very thin ice that separates true creative stylization, and a poor excuse for realism. in my opinion, tokyo42 has balanced themselves on a snowflake sculpture atop that thin ice (...basically its awesome).the visuals never stop being beautiful. the aesthetic of the world makes you feel like you're playing a game in a dioramic art piece. the user interface is sleek, following the rest of the style, and is JUST balanced with exactly as many components as it should have. while it makes everything obvious and oh-so-shiny, and at the same time it does not over pack the UI with useless buttons and lines in an attempt at ""filling-out"" the space.finally, the player is just plain fun to use. it is exactly what i expect from a thirt person mini-world action game. with a play-style that reminds me of the lego franchise games (some of my absolute favorite) and the bustling streets of grand theft auto 5, this game knocks it out of the park."
76561198271919904,Recommended,490450,32375708,Posted: 12 June,all,DaHawk,ABSOLUTLY RECOMMEND!Pros:Fun missionsEasy to runAdorable cats!Both styles of gameplay are funAmazing art style!When you use a sniper you feel like the best hitman ever+/- Multiplayer is kinda dead (even though the game just came out) I'm hoping this changes in the futureCons:Motorcycle missions are the worstNot very good at displaying where the next some missions are availableNot many options to change the look of the game; like turning off bloom and blur.Can't change resolution in gameOverall 8.5/10 Pros definatly outweigh the cons
76561198067143061,Recommended,490450,32134881,Posted: 2 June,all,Marblekid,"TL:DR: If you enjoy killing loudly or silently amongst a gorgeous backdrop, I highly recommend this game.Can't really hide in the shadowsThere's a lot that shows that SMAC really handcrafted this world to look beautiful. The world is larger than I have come to realize in Tokyo 42, and there is a lot to explore and discover. Of course, there's a lot to play along too. And the action, should you choose to accept it, is fun and exilerating.Jump Stealth Fight CatIf there's one thing someone should not do in Tokyo 42, it's to restart in the middle of a mission. If everything goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game gets much more intense. It's what makes the game fun, by the fact that bullets have way slower travel time. Fights become bullet hells, as you bob, weave, jump, and block bullets and fire yours. Stealth is as much of a challenge as fights, as you both have to deal with enemies above, below, and on level with you. Should you die, bam. Respawn is just a second away. Should you want to fast travel, bam. Teleportation is just a second away. No load times.The game remains fresh as new stuff gets thrown in as you progress through. You face against assassins atempting to kill you, you get items and many different other things to help you go through the game.Vroom Vroom Shoot ShootThe only two things I would critizize are the lack of other stealth weapons. The only way to go with stealth is croutching with a melee weapon. Stealth would definitely be more interesting if SMAC adds more silenced versions of weapons. The other thing: the motorcycle missions.THE MOTORCYCLE MISSIONS.It's way easier on PC with a keyboard and mouse but it's somewhat infuriating. So far there's only one mission with the motorcycle that works, and it's basically a racing mission. Any other time it's irritating but not to the point of rage.Other than those things, the game is very entertaining. The visuals will wow your eyes while bullets fly by over a very futuristic rendition of Tokyo in the skies. It has a job, and it did its job well.(Final tip: If you buy the shield, it can be used as a cloaking device for stealth missions. Probably wasn't intentional but it works.)"
76561198248617404,Recommended,490450,32131075,Posted: 2 June,all,albert_einstein20,"Pros:Massive open-world.Moment to moment gameplay is brilliant - getting to a high point to snipe your target or ducking round corners in stealth is responsive and satisfying when your plan works.The multiplayer is great. :DLOTS of different weapons - shield + bananas FTW!The artstyle is excellent.I personally had 0 issues with the camera or aiming - to all the negative reveiws - just git gud. XPThe devs are super responsive and, from when I was trying to work out a bug I was having, super cool.Cons:Can get repetitive after a while.Camera can be annoying and hard to get used to.Dead bodies don't alert enemies?!?!?Only 2 weapons you can use without breaking stealth.Quite buggy right now but it is getting regular updates and patches from the devs to prevent these issues.TLDR:It's awesome; buy it now. :P"
,Not Recommended,490450,32205655,Posted: 5 June,all,Xernist,"I would really like to actually recommend this game, but it has several big problems:1.)Aiming: The bullets are supposed to move slower, thats the central point of this game, unfortuneatly it feels just strange and unsatisfying plus the forced v-sync creates a really weird feeling-2.)Overview, Awareness of the situation: The iso-3D graphics look really great and its nice to watch, but too hard to play, youre character simply blends into the chaos so well that you wouldnt recognise that you will be dead in a second. The camera with its fixed 45 degree rotations wont help either.3.)The bike mission.There are some positiv things to say about the game:+ great artstyle+ great soundtrack+ wonderfully absurd idea of a hypertechnological metropolis where mankind reached a new level of ignorance about its environment and the limits of nature.All in all: Its a nice concept on paper but simply doesnt work (for me) in its current form."
,Recommended,490450,32100760,Posted: 31 May,all,goose,"There is no bettter way of explaining this game, other than amazing.The beautiful art style - top down perspective - crowd simulation - interesting combat styles and much more bring this game to life. You don't need much to create unique battles, and Tokyo42 really shows. It's simplicity is key. I'm not saying the devs hadn't done much, definately not. Infact, I have been following this game for over a year, in which they have already been working on it before. Lots of time, effort and just thought gone into this game really shows.There is an open world with a story which gives an entirely new perspective on mini Tokyo, with Nemesis assassins which blend in with civilians, vehicles and bikes that you can jump abord or control yourself, gang strongholds to infiltrate whenever you wish, ability to buy and change your clothing, weapon skins and cat appearance makes you be fully customizable, a cop persuit (cop drop) - a giant ship that comes from the sky and drops cops for you little bad doings... and that's just touching the tip of what this game has to offer.There is also Multiplayer, where you must search and seek out other players in a small area and burst out of cover to take them down. You can make your own server (without having to port forward) and change what weapons you spawn with, the ammo, time e.t.c...I have been waiting for this game up to the very second it came out, and the only £15 price really was a nice surprise. This fantastic game was really worth the hype and money and I hope anybody reading this can get it too..."
,Recommended,490450,32186043,Posted: 4 June,all,Dreamster,"Nice art style, good difficulty, fair story."
76561197992760821,Not Recommended,490450,33324696,Posted: 6 July,all,Temporary,"Whilst it started out as being fun and interesting for the first couple of hours the story got increasingly more boring, the gameplay is marred by poor camera angles (especially on the bike and parkour missions) and soon became tedious and repettitive; all the while the controls soon started to enter that annoying stage where the only buttons I could be bothered pushing on my keyboard were alt + f4 so I could go and play something else more refined and actually fun.Definitely not worth the asking price as it currently stands, will revisit the game at a later stage and update the review if necessary."
,Recommended,490450,32792866,Posted: 25 June,all,samLNG,"Very much enjoying the game, has some issues but overall feels solid, plays well and most importantly is just a lot of fun. Definitley worth the money for me."
76561198041184744,Recommended,490450,32359961,Posted: 12 June,all,-JAEGER- DIAMOND DOG,came because of the art style stayed because of the combat system loved it
,Recommended,490450,33505221,Posted: 13 July,all,Naikō,"Great game, fantastic artstyle, fitting music. Recommendation.My only complaint at the moment is an actual mission. The motorbike mission to be exact. It is just unneccessarily challenging to do, since you have to keep track of three different things. Where you shoot, where you drive and where you look. If you shoot badly you are never going to hit anyone. If you drive badly you are going to get shot instantly and if you look in the wrong direction you are not going to be able to see where to shoot or to drive. And on the gamepad this is very hard to all do at the same time, you have to be in control of RT and Left Stick for driving, Right stick for shooting and RB and LB for looking. Moreover, the enemies can just go up buildings and I cannot be accurate enough to do that.Again, this may just be this difficult and frustrating on a gamepad and this may just be me (although I know of a youtuber who complained about this very mission as well).Keep in mind that this is just one mission out of almost a hundred (unless there are more motorbike missions, I haven't finished the game yet) and I absolutely do recommend this game, it is amazingly fun![EDIT]After playing some more I am seriously thinking about whether or not I can actually recommend this anymore. I was so looking forward to playing this game for the entire duration of my holidays but after just 3 hours I have become so frustrated that I had to give up. Mainly for the AI. You shoot one guy and because the whole group has perfect 3D hearing they can all pinpoint your location perfectly. Same goes for throwing grenades. The enemies actually notice the grenade just shortly before impact but can spot exactly where it came from, even though you are crouched behind a corner. Same goes for spotting. Once one single person spots you the whole group knows exactly where you are. I am still going to recommend it but you may want to keep this in mind when buying this game."
,Recommended,490450,32392780,Posted: 13 June,all,DILDOZER420,"Such a good game. Visually stunning, extremely challenging and fun gameplay. The camera angles can be a bit annoying but I guess it adds to the challenge."
76561198050712099,Recommended,490450,32096791,Posted: 31 May,all,reginald.allouchery,"I have played this game long enough to have a good idea of what is is and isn't.  Essentially, it is a fun pick and play stealth shooter with a lot of charm that has a lot more in common with hotline miami then satellite reign.  The presentation is gorgeous and a quick look at gameplay brings to mind games like classic syndicate and satelllite reign and while that is true to some extant, the whole rythm of the game is a lot more like hotline miami, an obvious inspiration: once a mission is triggered, death is swift and respawning even faster, it is a non stop ballet of weaving past bullet hell while shooting and throwing granades while using all the gadgets at one's disposal to change the odds.  The game is difficult but not overly so and one gets better quickly once one gets used to the unusual controls.  There is also some FEZ in the game dna and that is where the biggest problem of the game lies: the rotating camera.  FEZ was an amazing game partly because you could really take your time rotating the world to figure out the puzzles.  In tokyo 42, the rotating world is fun when you are trying to find the way to get to the top of a building but really gets in the way when all your attention is focused on the enemies and one small mistake means death.  Death by camera is never fun.  Thankfully, when that becomes a problem in a mission, you learn quickly how to rotate the camera a particular way after dying a few times, but it is bad design.  I think the dev there bit on more then they could chew.  That said, it is still a great game.  You can even semi-stealth your way through the game, although this is no blades of the shogun.  Highly recommended for the art design and miami vice with a twist gameplay.  At 20 dollars, the price is just right.  More would be too much."
,Not Recommended,490450,34795912,Posted: 7 September,all,RedundantDNA,camera angle ruins the game for me its hard to get used to
,Not Recommended,490450,32353907,Posted: 11 June,all,Flavor Savior,"Full OverviewHaving completedTokyo 42’s story campaign and discovered most of its secrets and collectibles, I’m more than a little conflicted writing this review; it’s undeniably stylish and tickles my fancy for Japanesque cyberpunk, but there are a host of issues holding it back.The story is told from the perspective of your faceless, voiceless protagonist, a concession likely made because of your ability to switch character ‘skins’ at a moment’s notice to blend into the crowd and lose pursuers. The skin-swapping mechanic is fresh, but underused at best and completely worthless at worst: it will not throw off any enemies when inside gang strongholds or during infiltration/assassination/arena missions–in other words, the vast majority of missions.  This power also costs half of your energy bar, which doesn’t replenish unless you die and respawn or stand on infrequently-placed charging tiles.Most missions will allow you either the stealthy or the guns-blazing approach, though either playstyle has its own set of glaring problems.  Stealth is simplistic and functions on a line-of-sight basis: a bar fills above an enemy’s head when you’re within its cone of vision, and if you’re unable to break LOS before the bar fills, it and all nearby enemies will switch to alert status and start shooting at you. It doesn’t matter if you murder another character in plain view, as long as you’re able to break LOS in time and aren’t using a gun or grenade. Bodies are purely cosmetic and will not alert guards. Unless you’re fortunate enough to discover a silenced weapon–of which only one is immediately available behind a series of obtusely-hidden buttons–you will be limited to using a katana or a golf club during a stealthy approach.It is during open firefights against multiple opponents that the game starts explicitly failing. You can only move the camera in sharp 45-degree increments, which is consistently jarring from the start of the game to its conclusion. Because the game is set on a flat-lit isometric perspective, your view is aggressively anti-perspective: waist-high cover, walls, stairs and uneven terrain are liable to be completely invisible depending on the angle of your view. It’s almost like M. C. Escher himself stirred from beyond the grave and decided to code an isometric cover-based shooter. And although you may struggle to adjust after a camera turn, enemy AI is always precisely on-target; enemies will expertly lead their snail-speed bullets to catch you as you dash between cover, and will bounce their grenades through and over any obstacles like a physics major playing Beer Pong. Any confrontation with multiple gunmen will inevitably boil down to a trial-and-error slog, given that it only takes a single bullet to set your character back to your last checkpoint. Additionally, because of how far out the camera is, run-and-gunning is almost always a bad idea because it’s borderline impossible to keep an eye on your own character while aiming at your enemies.The story as a whole is comical but largely uninteresting and (barring a few references to some pulp cyberpunk likeGhost in the Shell,BladerunnerandRedline) serves only as a container for your character to bounce around Tokyo completing cold-blooded contract murders to clear his name after being framed for cold-blooded contract murder.Ultimately I have to conclude thatTokyo 42’s weaknesses outweigh its strengths, but despite that I still felt compelled to finish it, so it isn’t completely unenjoyable. You might find that the game's aesthetic is sufficient encouragement to keep going, depending on your tolerance for unintuitive camera control. I just can’t help but wish that it was better than it is.TL;DR+ art style, environmental design, color palette+ cyberpunk narrative centered around assassins in a semi-open playground world+ some of the platforming puzzles are pretty neat+ numerous secrets+ motorbikes are cool and so are cats+/- nemesis system is a neat idea but functionally means that occasionally you may be gunned down by a random civilian while you’re focusing on something else- surprisingly, shootouts with multiple expert marksmen in an absurd Escherverse where depth only exists in an abstract sense can be frustrating- logimax robots launch grenades at intervals of about a second while drowning the player in machine gun fire- motorbike controls are rough- by extension, time trials on foot also occasionally rough- stealth is based on timed line-of-sight and is extremely basic- discounting the setpieces, story is kind of mediocre"
76561198045611787,Recommended,490450,32235053,Posted: 7 June,all,OG_VonBismarck420,"The music, atmosphere, and overall asthetic to this game is awesome. The world is fun to play around in and the story is pretty good, albeit a bit comical at times. As far as gameplay goes, it's an isometric shooter. The combat mechanics function really well and are very fluid, just know the game is high-difficulty. The game is fun but, you die, A LOT. So it might get a little frustrating. Tokyo 42 is a fun and interesting shooter but there's a huge level of trial and error involved."
,Not Recommended,490450,32209399,Posted: 5 June,all,Squee,"At first I really liked the game, but then the fun started to turn into frustration. Where the controls at first felt fine, when the game becomes more challenging the controls start to feel imprecise. In the end the combination of the challenging difficulty ( one where a mistake could result in a swift death ) and the lack of control ( or feeling of  ) really got to me."
76561198066201944,Recommended,490450,32244701,Posted: 7 June,all,Hexer123,"This is an absolutely wonderful game and I have been enjoying myself immensely. HOWEVER, there is one big issue that might just be me but could effect others. I play on a laptop and for whatever reason this game within an hour of playing will overheat my battery causing the laptop to shut down. Now this has never been an issue with this and I can run games like overwatch for hours without an issue. There's something in this game that causes larger power usage. So just a fair warning, because this may just be an isolated incident but it could happen to others. Othar than that though, buy this game it's really good and has some real heart to it."
,Recommended,490450,32098658,Posted: 31 May,all,ASHarwood,"lots of fun.  Very difficult and I am not sure it is because of the game play.  I mean it is similar to those 2d shooters where you are a ship fighting aliens and you gotta dodge their bullets.  I garauntee you that if you keep moving left the AI will know and it will adjust and calculate its aim to hit you.  It will fire one bullet at you and another bullet mathematically towards where you will be if you keep moving.  It is vicious.  Expect to die, there is a quick and easy respawn/redo effect and you will respawn at nearest point.  Still lots of fun.If I had any negative feedback it would be better camera control.  The camera is the biggest thing and it is hard to turn the camera while you are moving.  You got your fingers down on asdw and then try and spin the camera using q or e.  It’s tough and add in you don’t know which way q or e will turn you sometimes. I kinda wish the middle mouse button was used for rotating camera.Outside of the camera, the game looks great, lots of value and fun to it. Look forward to future updates."
,Recommended,490450,32116652,Posted: 1 June,all,MoonStruckHorrors,"Have been following Mode7's *daily* videos for a while now. This was totally worth the wait. Looks stunning and has brilliant gameplay mechanics. Plus they didn't do the whole early-access thing. Now, only if they release Frozen Synapse 2. ;)"
76561197971469492,Recommended,490450,32114544,Posted: 1 June,all,Oetkar,"Like others have written, Syndicate, GTA (I & II) or Gender Wars (if anyone remembers). Thumbs up,!I really like the aestetic and the Blade Runner homage in music, skins etc. :)It is fun to play with the camera an find new secrets.The gameplay is arcade fun. I like the playstyle in Tokyo 42 much better than Metrocide (no charge up weapon ;)). And going Katana stealth is actually fun.The only downside is that not all keys are rebindable, which makes control really challenging for me as I am left handed and prefer to play ESDF, which gives me more options then WASD, which also is suited best for ppl using the right. But that is just my personal hell. ;)Price is ok, sound track is a bit steep though.Now back to more contracts!(Will try with controller and upate if I find the time.)"
76561198281145384,Recommended,490450,32333882,Posted: 10 June,all,zellion2000,"Overall, the game is very entertaining and beautiful but has a couple things that could be improved. The game is visually colorful and the soundtrack is reminiscent of Blade Runner. I like the controls which are easy to use and makes sneaking around easy. I find that I'm doing the same things again and again even though the missions are different. I usually find myself sneaking around and murdering unintelligent AI (to my approval) and then taking out a target. Some of the enemies are pretty tough: they take multiple hits but if I get hit just once, I'm dead as Elvis. I'm currently stuck on one hard boss fight but I'll continue to play. I haven't played the multi-player mode yet."
76561198045966388,Recommended,490450,32130923,Posted: 2 June,all,Acherrum,"My first impression?Great game!But, I'm not quite sure if it's 20 bucks worth of great, this greatly depends on how deep the rabbit hole goes...Want to watch some actual gameplay?I recorded my first 45 minutes in the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G0bYUUhXDLE"
,Not Recommended,490450,32211098,Posted: 5 June,all,TheCanonGamer,"Pros:-Beautiful World-Great Music-CreativeCons:-Repetitive-Combat is lackluster and poor-Story is funny, but derails quickly-Multiplayer gets boring fastI'd give it a 4.5/10. Wait for a sale for 10 dollars or less."
76561198010526830,Recommended,490450,32355405,Posted: 11 June,all,Cfish,"Beautiful, simple, fun.The world is really fun to look at and explore.Combat might make you feel a little clumsy but it is manageable.I'm not sure why someone would agree to go on a murder spree to clear their name of murder, but overall the story is fun and I would recommend it."
,Recommended,490450,32128244,Posted: 2 June,all,Bing Boop Give Me Combos,For the price you pay its certainly a very unique game. I hope to see them add more content.The camera can get annoying but the game is dazzling to look at and is pretty entertaining. The singleplayer campaign is fun but difficult.I've been following this game for awhile now. Let's see where it ends up!
,Recommended,490450,32126534,Posted: 2 June,all,bjswifty,"Well worth the money, the developer/publisher has the pricepoint just right.  This is a very entertaining game.  Some of the reviews are saying the combat is poor, and aiming is hard, which I can sort of agree with.  I gave this game a fair shot with first the steam controller over the TV using steam link.  Text is very small, and I wish the developers would address this, as it is very difficult to play on the TV on the comfy couch.  Combat was harder for me using the steam controller, as you have to aim not only in direction but in distance for some shots to be accurate.  This is probably what other reviews are talking about, if you are aiming at someone's head, the cursor has to be right on their head to hit, if you are aiming past, the aiming AI may think you are trying to aim higher or lower, depending on the situation.I prefer playing this game on the PC monitor (ultra wide) with mouse and keyboard.  If they can increase the text size on big picture mode, then I could possibly see myself playing on the couch with a controller, just would need to adjust the steam controller right touch pad a bit.So far, I have less than three hours of game play, and maybe am 20% through the game, but I find so far the jumping puzzles to be challenging and fun.  I like how you can see certain objects in the game, like cat outfits (not sure how to use them just yet) and then solving the puzzles to get to the secrets.  I'm someone who likes to play games that offer achievements or challenges, and then try to complete 100% of the game.Great game, worth the money in my opinion!  At least this developer understands what type of content they are putting out there, and match a price to fit."
,Recommended,490450,32123853,Posted: 2 June,all,Creepy crawly,"I had to sell my csgo skins for this game and it is by far one of my favorite steam games ever!! Not only does it draw me in with an iconic soundtrack, but also the aesthetic is so bizarre and unique. The aesthetic is amazing and really draws me into playing the game. People have complained about the gameplay and shooting, but it is only hard if you have never used a computer before lol. I rate this game a solid 10/10. Possibly my favorite game on Steam."
76561198047382771,Recommended,490450,32131000,Posted: 2 June,all,Prof.Paradox,"Let me start this revieuw whit saying that the camera is pretty sht and is the only thing that makes this game hard other then the pretty poor aiming system, however you can buy bombs lot's of em and is essentially your easiest to aim weapon (in my opinion) other then that, the game is fun, there are a bunch of missions to do, lots of stuff to collect and for those that say that you cannot reach certain places, well there you have the button minigame for, Now it would be awsome if this game had co op, which it prob won't. the parkouring itself feels a bit odd the jump doesn't always register even when you spam spacebar, there are also some bugg in the game like multypling enemies and fort that should have been taken, that are not until you reload your save.The art style is amazing and the fact that it is in tokyo makes it even better. The map is good and easy to use, a verry good fast travel system, easy checkpoint system.Nemesis are pretty much worthless and are there to only screw you over in mission or when you are collecting stuff (weapon skin, cat skin, cloak skin, and money) other then that they drop 1k which is nice but you won't need the cat 9/10 to spot him only a dumbass would go undercover as a citizen and come near you in a gunfight while all other ppl are running away, also why go as a suit mafffia guy when im in a fort of factory guys.Still the game is fun mission are not too bad getting collectibels is enjoyebel and bannas, yes bannas throwing em for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggle is just hilarious. i would give it a 7,5/10.I wish there was a top down vieuw, but you only have these ackward diagonal cameras which building are in the way off sometimes no matter how you turn it, also a close zoom would be cool too to get a better look at my char and the skins he got. But definitly not a bad game."
,Recommended,490450,32098873,Posted: 31 May,all,Miasmic,"Really enjoying this game so far.  It is a fairly big and absolutely beautiful world.  I personally love the camera manipulation aspect of the gameplay.  It adds another level of tactic and tension during firefights and it is implemented so well that using it to play with this awesome world design feels really good.  The camera rotates at 45? degrees and you maintain directional input based on the movement of the previous angle.  That sounds a bit complicated, but it essentially allows you to change the camera angle while keeping momentum without being jarred by both a camera angle change and directional movement change.  Hard to describe, but it feels good and really ""opens"" the world.  I like the soundtrack, minus one or two tracks that are a bit much for me (heavy distorted synth). Im about 4 hours and some change in, and about 33% completed with a good mix of main and side missions.  There has been a pretty good variety of scenarios thus far and the open way that you can engage each engagement leads to pretty interesting firefights, depending on how YOU choose to engage (stealth v guns out or a mix). There is a simple cover system (crouch behind a wall) that works pretty well and aids greatly either when using it for stealth or during firefights. In my opinion, the value/content ratio is certainly good here and this gorgeous game is well worth your time and money."
,Recommended,490450,32116461,Posted: 1 June,all,FUNKANIC,"This game delivers on so many levels. First it appears there's no health bar so you know it's hardcore, second it doesn't care what it takes from other games and puts it's own spin on things. The control are weird yet can play like a traditional twin stick shooter. The music is just amazing and at times you just want to stand and soak it all in, even the map is beautiful to look at. I'm also really surprised that a game with this kind of view point can pull off stealth so well.Then there's the multiplayer, oh the multiplayer, well let me just let this footage of me playing multiplayer speak for itself....https://youtu.be/kJOjY6EhQjQ"
,Not Recommended,490450,33464466,Posted: 11 July,all,Magma Hunter,"This is one of the best looking games I've seen so far, it even plays decently if it wasn't for two very big problems I have with the game:1) The camera (and the keyboard controls when rotating the view) is just plain horrible.it is more often than not very difficult to graps where in the world you are, especially when your view gets obstructed by the tall buildings.there's even one area which looks especially designed with this in mind.2) The fights with Wing and MarieThese two fights have been the most infuriating ones in the game.Both fights require you to do them flawless as a single hit will bring you back to the start, which is especially annoying when fighting Marie as she pits you against 5 waves of enemies before grabbing a minigun herself and lobbing grenades as if she's an explosive factoryIf you plan on getting this game, I highly recommend waiting for a sale or until these issues have been resolved."
,Recommended,490450,32104177,Posted: 1 June,all,Cabe,"You are John Wick, John McClane, and Johnny Mnemonic in the bullet hell ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ son of Syndicate Wars, Monument Valley and Grand Theft Auto. Movement and cover are just as key as your aim.  Run, jump, shoot and murder your way back to freedom.When all else fails.... Grenades.Imagine the world where Running Man had the design team who's primary palette was inspired by Pocky boxes and fuelled by the sugary confection within, you have the world of Tokyo 42."
76561198158149244,Recommended,490450,32207590,Posted: 5 June,all,tuckboat,"Man this game is terrible. Yet I recommend it. I mean it's a truly flawed game and mess of some good ideas hanging out with some terriblly underdeveloped systems and getting along just well enough to pull off some of those straight up nononono moments of terrible game design. On any kind of a technical objective level I would give it a failing grade.So why the recommend? Well if you have your tongue in cheek and take the experience for what it's worth I think your gonna have a good time. I certainly have. It's really hard to review on this point without giving away a spoiler or six so here's a quick hit list first...ProsVisual Style is Vibrant and Well DoneUnique Game Design""Other"" (SPOILERS BELOW)AC/DCStory....There is one here! It's just kinda of...well I have no idea how the story is supposed to taken and if you try and take it seropisly it's probably a disaster. However if you take it as an add-on or don't care for story you may appreciate the abusurdity of the circumstance your placed in and it works a bit better. If the developer had taken the step to make it a little further down the line of crazy strange weirdo wonderland that would have been pitch perfect awesome imo.Open World...but why? I get that some people love the open roaming freedom for freedom sake so if your into that cool it's here. If you are like me and feel that open world formats are almost always clumsy in execution and often take away more than they add this might be a negative. I can't honestly tell you why this developer decided this format was a fit for this game (as it adds nothing) there are quick teleport spots and hard to miss markers that help ensure it doesn't take much away from it either.THE CAMERA AND CONTROL OF IT ARE THE CENTRAL MECHANIC OF THIS GAME. Whether intentional made out to be that or not I can't say. However it became clear to me that planning on when to switch and then switching into the right viewpoint for each situation made the game flow 100 percent better. I found it to be a little awkward but not gamebreakingly so. It's interesting that they took one of the usual problem children of isometric shooters (the camera) and decided to rely on it MORE rather than minimize the damage.What's Bad?Pricing (Very short for a $20 US game Imo) Limited Replay ValueGetting Lost Turning the Camera Around....I mean I walked up spiral staircase after beating an assasin style mission of moderate difficulty and the spiral staircase brought me to my knees. The camera couldn't find my character so you are forced to navigate the stairs blindly and ineffectively. (okay this was kinda hilarious)No sense of progression unless you count unlocking weapons which you'll have access to some top-tier stuff after the first couple of missions so even that's a little meh.Character Unit Design is very bland (they are very small in comparision to the rest of environment on screen but what's there is really lackluster)Controls are a bit off....From the speed at which the camera is moving to the aiming system to the speed and sensitvy of those bike turns while traveling at high speeds and barely being able to see in front of you they could all stand to improve.It's an action/stealth game with very limited options for either. You can basically sneak around and melee enemies to death or gun them down in a blaze of glory. That's good to have that choice. Would be nice if the options for stealth existed past crouching and wall hugging to sneak hack someone down while they walk away. Or if there some other optional controls for fighting to let you dive into or out of cover. As it stands you basically just shoot and strafe to get from cover to cover while returning fire.Bugs....found a few over just 4-6 hours of playtime. None where gamebreaking.Objective Score 4/10SPOILERS BELOWWell you've been framed for murder for reasons unknown to start the game off. Random friend of yours dials you up on Skype (Tokyo 42's Skype Variant anyway) and tells you it's time to run. So of course seeing that your character lives in  Tokyo naturally your character is able to parkour jump across sky scrappers to escape police as they raid your apartment complex. Your freind let's you know that of course you are not an assasin and didn't kill anyone and you need to prove your innocence and clear your name. His logically and well thought out plan to accomplish this? Become an assassin and murder your way to the truth and though at this point I would have liked to have asked a few questions as to how killing people helps prove that I don't kill people there is no in game option allowing you to voice any disent and the adventure begins!Other strange story elements include getting a suit to fit in at a gangsta party so that you can meet face to face and speak to someone who isn't a member of that gang and seemingly has no better reason to be at that party than to make you meet her there. It just seems like an odd choice for a venue. There's also that time one of your contacts has you jump into a car off the top of another tall building for a face to face meeting with a person who gives you nothing and largely tells you nothing before sending you back where you came from.I mean the above two paragraphs combined with the stiff dialouge, one note characters, and strangely vibrant costum choices make it all feel very amatuerish. Yet it's so amatuerish and poorly done it gets to that campy level where it actually starts to become enjoyable again (for those of us inclined to that sense of humor). I think it's so bad it's good applies here more than anything.Those terrible controls and camera swiitching funky mechanic also lead to moments of unexpected hilarity when you'll accidnetally jump off a ledge and fall to your death after completeing a rigourous shoot em' up action moment. The best (worst) part of this for me has to be the bikes. The are too fast to drive well with reactionary driving of any kind and yet they still expect (maybe require) you to adjust the camera angle on the fly and regardless of where it goes you still won't be able to see far enough down the road to react to upcomign obstacles turns etc.The bullets traveling so slow that you have to lead targets that your firing on even with a pistol at a few feet. The animations for the melee weapons are both pathetically small and feature underdone animations. For instance the katana sword is waggled up and down looking like your trying to start a pillow fight.In ConclusionIt's a starnge concept that isn't done particularly well but gets enough right to make playing the game an OPTION. If you can embrace using the camera as a part of your control system and often find humor in places they weren't necessarily intended this game might be a winner for you.7.5/10"
,Recommended,490450,32093442,Posted: 31 May,all,8BitHer0,Tokyo 42's graphics are eye catching and the gameplay is fun. I would recommend this if you are a fan of the isometric perspective in games. The gameplay itself reminds me of a cross between the old Syndicate Wars and Hitman. The only downside which I can see is that the controls are little bit fiddly but it doesn't take long to get the hang of them. Give Tokyo 42 a go if you want a game that is refreshing and different. The missions certainly make you think.
76561198116821644,Not Recommended,490450,32328189,Posted: 10 June,all,JJ8383,camera is weird and kind of ruins the game its fun but the camera makes it difficult to dodge bullets unless the camera is facing the right way and also sometimes you start a jump that you can deffintly make but you forget to rotate the camera to make sure it isnt farther away than you think and you diejust make the camera less awkward and the game would be amazing
76561198000355192,Recommended,490450,33704991,Posted: 21 July,all,SorD,High quality indie game. 8/10
76561198054828483,Recommended,490450,32096383,Posted: 31 May,all,Veepee,"I haven't played much yet but as far as I can tell, this is a great game! The camera control is simple enough in my opinion, controls are good, the game is beautiful and fluid."
,Recommended,490450,32902114,Posted: 27 June,all,EL CONQUISTADOR,"Kill but not kill, because not dead??"
,Recommended,490450,32214115,Posted: 5 June,all,We The Champ vreecase.com,"I have about 2 hours on this game and im loving it.Graphics are awesome.Battle mechanic is awesome.Guns are awesome.Story is Awesome.Fuctions are awesome.Side missions are awesome.But there is a problem which is it is only a 4-hour campaignm,I want more and please give me more."
76561198111779617,Recommended,490450,34271477,Posted: 16 August,all,Owl,"Liking the game. Please explain in the beginning somewhere about using the map to teleport. Maybe I missed it, but I spent two hours on the arena platform trying to find the way off because I didn't know it was an option. Also, why is it that after every respawn the first jump doesn't go through?"
,Recommended,490450,32098290,Posted: 31 May,all,Sir Cucumber,"such a big, beautiful, and fully realized world from such a small team! This game is ambitious and polished, with an awesome soundtrack, and I'm impressed. Back to playing now."
76561198314164005,Recommended,490450,32149927,Posted: 3 June,all,BunningsSausage,"T42 is a very fun game, I have only played a few hours but I can already tell I like it, the art style, soundtrack and vibe of the game is beatiful. I can see the combat getting repitive thoeven tho it is still fun combat even tho its a bit tricky. Overall its a great agme."
76561197998721662,Recommended,490450,32282690,Posted: 8 June,all,ian,"Not perfect, but fun and cool looking."
,Recommended,490450,32286078,Posted: 9 June,all,AlmV,"Im only 2 hours into this game and im smitten. simple setup feels like a great blend between a 2 and 3 dimensional game, screen rotation makes for a gta meets super mario for wii. a lot of fun so far and already worth the 20 bucks"
,Recommended,490450,32139242,Posted: 2 June,all,RXShorty GPD Win,"Like the game very much.Great artwork and gameplay I enjoy!The the only drawback right now it is a ""heavy"" game so it wont run great on my portable GPD Win.So no Tokyo 42 on the go."
76561198134122075,Recommended,490450,33074061,Posted: 1 July,all,Brunkus,this game is the closest to perfect any game has been since portal. I'd give it a 99/100. I havent had this much fun in a video game since i was a child.B   U   TTHE MOTHERFU♥♥♥♥♥♥ MOTORCYCLE LEVELS ARE AWFUL. THEY ARE BROKEN AND I'D RATHER PUT PIECES OF SHATTERED GLASS UP MY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ THAN PLAY THEM ALL BACK TO BACK.buy this though
76561198093057217,Not Recommended,490450,34489999,Posted: 25 August,all,Hypernova,Final Level is♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,490450,32307015,Posted: 9 June,all,"Krulin, Internet Tough Guy","I wanted to like this game, but unfortunately it made me naeusous. The camera got me killed more times than I care to count. I do love the art style, but unfortunately that's not enough to save it. I can't comment on much more because I couldn't get murch further because of the aforementioned problems."
,Not Recommended,490450,32355317,Posted: 11 June,all,Bear Krills,"Terrible control/camera scheme. You spend more time in this game trying to see what's going on than you do actually playing. The game has a huge amount of collectibles to encourage exploration, but movement is slow and not fun. There is frequent platforming that is made harder than necessary because of the bad camera angles.Checkpoints are mostly manual, but are frequently inconvenient.The first major boss fight has an unskipable cutscene beforehand."
76561198128611693,Recommended,490450,33220028,Posted: 4 July,all,TFH - Gaming Freak,"Realease date Jun 1 finishes it in 13 hoursDon't know what to do anymore...Find collectables (some aren't available to get)Search for hidden collectables, gives up then youtube it, no one finish it yet, wait for a few days....Search again....same result.....Don't know what to do, spend money on weapons and kill the final boss again (twice)Already felt like a boss, don't know what to do...Gives up the game and wait for workshop maps and modes....PS : Biker mission is waste of time, can't win no matter what (unless they fix the speed of the rivals)OVERALL : 9.9/10"
76561198199564575,Recommended,490450,32226002,Posted: 6 June,all,UncleAndyyy,fantastic
,Recommended,490450,32113426,Posted: 1 June,all,Brim Of Obscurity,"Syndicate, GTA, Monument Valley(?)Yes, this is a good game."
,Recommended,490450,32099179,Posted: 31 May,all,the ulgster,aesthetic
,Not Recommended,490450,32135825,Posted: 2 June,all,lightyears,"Not a great game. I love the aesthetic and concept, but the ""isometric"" (I put in quotes since the game is better played as side scroller) view point is too far away even when zoomed in and on large high res displays.The controls are super clunky, imprecise, and the barrier/collision detection is questionable at best.Defintely would not suggest this game though it is beautiful and had a lot of potential."
,Recommended,490450,32103329,Posted: 1 June,all,Tony,GTA : Vaporwave Edition
,Recommended,490450,32095030,Posted: 31 May,all,Jater,10/10 ART
76561198041867152,Recommended,490450,32098433,Posted: 31 May,all,starcrash,"Love it! A beautiful world, amazing sound track and tense game play. This is the indy title of the year to date for me!"
,Recommended,490450,32119539,Posted: 1 June,all,BONG_SLIDE,"HORN SWAGL MY HORNY TOADS! I love this game. the fact that nicholas cage is my hander and i can just smoke all these 8bit turds for bitcoins is awesome! I highly recomend this game YOU, you beautiful thing of majestic grace and awe you!"
,Not Recommended,490450,32178989,Posted: 4 June,all,Xonah,"I like the game, but I don't really like how it's played. I don't like how the aiming system works. The camera could be a little better as well. The visuals are great. The game has true potential, but the way it plays, i just can't find it too enjoyable. It has a lot of potential to be a good game though. The visuals and music are undeniably great though. No questions there."
76561198051212542,Not Recommended,490450,32138044,Posted: 2 June,all,gunslinger.mc,"This game has a lot going for it. Unfortunately, controls, comprehensible storyline and overall having-fun-playing aren't those things. Learning curve is somewhat frustrating as well."
76561198090192317,Recommended,490450,32147831,Posted: 3 June,all,RickZM,AWESOME GAME
,Not Recommended,490450,32149060,Posted: 3 June,all,Marcus Rattman,"Every mechanic is♥♥♥♥♥♥and doesn't work.Stealth is on the Dark level of♥♥♥♥♥♥Shooting is just as bad.Perspective is beyond comprehension, there's a lot of places where you technically cannot position your camera so you can see everything you want, also that camera ♥♥♥♥s up almost every your jump just because you can't figure out if the object you're trying to jump on is actually lower than your current position.Also some very creative and ""we got a son, stay calm, he's special"" degenerate decided that binding the gas and shooting to a single button while you're on a motorcycle is a great idea.The only good thing is art direction, but even this is not consistent, for some reason people on the phone are pixilated."
76561198081977907,Not Recommended,490450,32132371,Posted: 2 June,all,Give yer meat a good ol rub,"Would recommend, if they fix the ♥♥♥♥ing bike missions."
,Not Recommended,490450,32136353,Posted: 2 June,all,Pizzatime Murder,Not fun.
,Not Recommended,490450,32164031,Posted: 3 June,all,Ed,Katana controls are horrid.Worth the refund.
,Not Recommended,490450,32451965,Posted: 15 June,all,Kei Mist,this game is so boring.
,Recommended,490450,32275036,Posted: 8 June,all,Silvarren,"I've played for only a short time, but I just found the game wasn't for me. For me, it was too flat, basic, and somewhat boring. The controls themselves don't lend themselves well to what the game wants you to do.However, I will say that the opening scenes were very interesting - but the actual gameplay left me feeling somewhat disinterested. I'm still recommending the game though, because it does look like a good game that others might enjoy - just not for me."
,Recommended,490450,32097268,Posted: 31 May,all,Sumofox,"Don't listen to the negative reviews. Once you get used to the game, it's a lot of fun. If you can find a game, multiplayer can be really interesting, as you have to act like an npc and blend in while you collect weapons and ammo."
76561198076503470,Recommended,490450,32127645,Posted: 2 June,all,Sohosohan,Great game:+ nice graphics+ great gameplay+ smooth music+ fun multiplayer
,Not Recommended,490450,32361710,Posted: 12 June,all,Haik000,This game is really addictive and fun! I love the look and feel. The gameplay and mechanics are outstanding!If it's really good then why not recommend it? Well it's been out for how long now? And the mulitplayer doesn't work. I was really looking forward to playing with others.
,Recommended,490450,34998609,Posted: 16 September,all,Finn,Less than an hour and i love it.
76561198044964432,Recommended,490450,35072192,Posted: 19 September,all,tl_Penrose,"the tip window pops up randomly, it is very annoying and it covers one third of the screen, most of the time it covers the target person's current location, so I have to rotate the camera.the hero character falls down of buildings at the most unexpected places, even if I don't jump.these are the first annoyances, I hope I could get use to it."
,Recommended,490450,35084592,Posted: 20 September,all,Boo Lean,"By no means flawless, the combat can be very messy at times and the camera often becomes a nuisance.However, in my opinion, the good definitely outwieghs the bad.  The art is fantastic for one, very futuristic and clean.  The city has a meticulous amout of detail and the pedestrians that roam it are wacky and colorful.  The combat has its perks too.  You're given the freedom to approach each mission creatively, though the combat shines brighter with a stealthy approach."
,Recommended,490450,32127414,Posted: 2 June,all,W.A. the Anum,"Tokyo 42 is a story of possibilities which you wish would be ""there""Tokyo 42 is a game which looks very very nice and could have been something like a ""hidden gem"" next to all the more big games next to it. Before i go into details here, i can say i sure enjoyed it and actually waited for its release. It looked promissing and the trailers and pictures made hunger for more. This is not a ""pur good review"" so just keep reading why i ""up"" voted it.So here we go into a iso-3D world...T42 is a iso-3D-action-adventure game, basicly you have a ""fixed"" overhead cam view which you can change viva button with 45° every press on it. That actually makes it feel very classic and makes the world sometimes look like ""cubes/cubish"". Its not bad if you think about old games which works with hexagraphics or, again, iso-3D-graphics.Sadly, even if you are able to spin the cam with the current system, the world actually feels like sometimes the cam doesnt really ""fit in"" with the view it has. Sometimes you keep spinning the cam so often but none of the angles really works out ""well"" so that you actually get lost sometimes coz of the fixed cam. Sometimes the cam can be that bad that you actually need to pause the game best between mid-mission and fix the cam wile you run a parkour - which is actually very annoying sometimes if you still think about the iso-3D style...It really looks like artHonestly, T42 is one of the best looking games which i played lately. Its really nice to look at and playing in this great iso-3D world. The only sad thing i can say here is that sometimes here, again, the fixed cam views ""ruins"" the view sometimes.A story like a movieWithout spoiler to much, the plot of this game is actually pretty good and actually keeps the player doing the missions. Its something which could work very well for a movie (if its not already done) with its own plots and smaller twists. Sadly here again, the story also feels somewhat rushed. Characters where you think they ""could"" be important just get a small ""side-role"" and nothing more, you maybe only see them 2-3 times before they got unimportant or they are ""just there"".This actually is something which is sad since i would like to see the story...well...""better told"" somehow. I enjoyed the story pretty much (even if a lot people maybe just skiped the text...). If i can say so, it was something ""new"" at least.Its new so it has some bugs and other stuff like which needs a fixWile i played T42 (I finished it with around 93% as i wrote this review, missing only some collectables), i found some stuff which is not told or, so i guess, are somewhat ""buggish"". One of the first things i wonderd was that im able to collect ""coats"". I duno if i might skiped this part but its actually never told that you can use a coat as cosmetic viva caps lock key.Another thing i think is somewhat broken is the ""weapon"" i actually think is the most helpful and ""usefull"" weapon in the game,  namely the shield. Here a video for:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=937264334The shield is....strange. It works as melee ""weapon"" but also as wall AND shield, of course but it doesnt only ""blocks"" the shots, it bounces them off. So you actually can run around in stealth-like missions just with the shield, running into enemys, you will not be seen if you run into them with the shield infront of you and even if they attack you, you can kill them if you let them eat their own shots. Actually, i finished the endboss(es) with the shield only, if im honest (i come back to that part later).Another thing i found out, youre actually even able to fly with the shield. You can get bananas and a bunch of bananas as weapon. I dont know if they have a actual use or if they are just there for fun but, if you use the shield and throw a bunch of bananas, you are able to fly somewhat viva push. Here a video about:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=937982744Somewhat losely, the possibilities are there...As i said already, the story feels rushed mostly at the end. I really enjoyed the game and its story actually till the last few missions since then T42 got to a point where i thought the devs didnt know better what to build in. I dont wanna spoiler to much but the last few missions are actually very hard and very unfair fights against ""boss like"" people. One of them can take 5-7 shots before you are actually able to ""kill"" this person (and you one), the other fight is over waves of enemys where you just get one hit between those waves and you have restart from the very beginning of wave 1, making it feel very hard and very frustrating (srsly, i tried at least 15-20 times before i beat the last boss and oh boi, im finally glad i did it).With that in mind, T42 actually ""has"" the possibilities. The problem is just that they feel ""unused"". Missionwise as sample, its kinda repetitive. 80% of the missions is ""kill this person and escape"", which is sad. It gives actually some sidemissions which feel, next to this ""kill"" missions refreshing or ""out of place"", like a race on a motorbike, sniper missions or parkour missions where you have to kill people next to run to the end. I liked the idea using the motorbike but this was only for a very short period, sadly.Other things where i think are ""underrated"" is actually the cat you get for the ""Nemesis"" system. Ones a wile, if you did a mission, a NPC assassin got your attention and is on the way to kill you. Sadly for you, the assassin could be ""everyone"" since it looks like every NPC in the game, hidding him-/herself between the civilians. So the only opinion you have is either you wait till the Nemesis does his/her ""first move"" or you shot wildly around till ""one"" of them shoots back. Its a bit like ""where is waldo"" but more with a ""who"" insteed of a ""where"". The cat, which you will get later on, will actually help you tracking the Nemesis by following him/her and telling the real possition between all the civilians, making the ""hide and seek"" game maybe faster but nothing more.Here again, i could say that there are a lot of possibilities unused/""underused"". As sample, for actually ""praising"" the cat all out of the weapons in the trailer, it only has very little use only for the Nemesis system which feels also like it could be much more like a PvP ""invading"" system or like. As sample, the cat could be ""played"" from a second player, helping you distracting enemys and like, one of the samples i got in mind wile i played the game and saw its possibilities.Pricetag and cothe game has a pricetag from 20$ which is a bit to much if you only see the open possibilities which they sadly didnt use. The devs told it has a story from about 6-7 hours of gameplay, which seems about right. I actually played it now about 15 hours~ coz i runned around a lot, tring to get all things and stuff but again i only finished it 93%, giving up since some stuff is out of my range or i dont see a possible way to actually get those stuff if not using the Banana+Shield combo. Here one sample:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=937751804I also saw that the OST is 18$ which i think is just for a quick ""cashgrap"". I sure enjoy the ""music"" but it feels for the game more its ambiance and not really music you could listen to. I will not say its bad music but 18$ is way to much for it if you compair it next to the 20$ for the original game...So...do i recommend it?Its sad steam has not a ""middle"" rating so I say sure it is worth playing. I loved to play the game till the very end and its storyBUTi wish there would be more. I hope that actually Tokyo 42 will get some more content in the future next to the already good content it has. It sure is not perfect but it shows that it has a lot good possibilities. It might is a bit expensive in one point but it sure is worth playing. Recommened."
