user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,490980,25606558,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Venatius,"(Edit: It appears the game is now out of early access, and no particular changes have adjusted my opinions expressed here.)I feel strange giving a ""not recommended"" to a game I actually quite like. But as far as whether I'd recommend it to the public, Daily Chthonicle is on a VERY precarious balance point that could very easily wobble onto the recommended side by the time it comes out of early access. However, some considerable problems hold it back from something I'd assume the average random passerby would enjoy. However, Call of Cthulhu aficionados might stand a much stronger chance of getting more out of it.The basic, very clever gist of the game is that you run a bizarre little newspaper of occult phenomena and mysteries, commanding a roster of (fixed, pre-generated) reporters who go to conduct interviews, as well as a few less-than-reporterly things like breaking and entering, fighting monsters, taking samples from scenes of mysterious glowing goo, etc. It's got a great occult-noir feel, very pulpy, with a crinkly, low-res, mostly black-and-white aesthetic that serves it pretty well. Lists and menus take a neat in-world appearance of actual, hand-scribbled notes and the like. It's kind of a pain to switch to the arrow keys from the mouse to scroll through them, though. (Edit: Either I've newly noticed it or it's been added since early access, but the mouse wheel can scroll through these notes.)The interface has been greatly improved since the free version, but is still pretty obtuse. The addition of an in-game manual is a huge help, but I'm STILL fumbling all over how to do laboratory research and will probably need to go back and consult it. My efforts to figure it out by intuition alone have been totally fruitless. There are other interface niggles as well, like how easy it is to accidentally click past the solution that pops up when you successfully decode an audio sample.The game is in many ways reminiscent of the old Sid Meier DOS strategy game ""Covert Action,"" both for better and for worse. Both of them present webs of intrigue to unravel, and both of them ran into exactly the same major pitfall. In both games, said webs of intrigue quickly spiral into total incomprehensibility. Daily Chthonicle does a slightly better job of reminding you who is who and what is what, with the ability to click to cross-reference people and clues. But it's ultimately extremely easy to totally lose the thread of a given plot a mere two or three clues/witnesses deep. I found myself routinely confronted with strange sites, clues, and people to interview with little to no understanding whatsoever of why they'd come up or to which case they pertained. Cases seem to resolve themselves at random. There's rarely any big moment of revelation or ""aha!"" when you've dug to the bottom of a mysterious conspiracy. The game just decides you've learned enough to consider the case closed and marks it off your list without any real clear indicator of what you learned, what happened, or why exactly it's over (or even whether you've succeeded or failed). I found the result was mostly me stumbling through a series of seemingly disconnected encounters making what felt like very ill-informed decisions to either follow or ignore people, and occasionally picking items in blind hope they might help me surmount a random, contextless obstacle.I do like the core idea of the game. It feels, at times, a little like a solo ""Arkham Horror"" game. I'm a sucker for Lovecraftiana and the like, and for me, this game provides a good bit. But despite my fondness for it, I can't honestly predict many people finding it very enjoyable. There are two things, which could well end up changing by the time it leaves Early Access, that could ""save"" the game, in my eyes:* More conscious choices in investigations. Choosing what clues to follow up on, having more reliable information on who to tail and who to leave alone, what locations to check out, etc. would go a long way. As-is, investigations seem to run themselves on rails, with you mostly along for the ride just giving your reporters the nod to continue, and occasionally picking out equipment.* More coherent storylines. Clues need clearer context. The game needs to do a much better job of clarifying exactly why this sudden encounter it's waving in  your face came about, what case it's connected to, etc. There are some steps taken towards this, but even at best, they tend to require doing a lot of cross-referencing. Person A is the friend of person B and witnessed person C doing something? That's well and good, but why does it matter? What connects it to the random location I've gone to?In my opinion, these two things alone, if fixed, could flip this to an excellent game. It already has the skeleton of a great paranormal sleuthing game, and the whole webwork of suspects/clues/encounters is a good underlying structure. Sid Meier was forever dissatisfied with how Covert Action, in practice, tended to devolve into just brute-forcing one's way through and how easy it was to lose track of the mystery. With Daily Chthonicle still amorphous and unfinished, it could very well dodge meeting the same fate. It hasn't yet though, and until then, while I'll be playing it, I wouldn't necessarily put my money on most people enjoying it the same way. I'll definitely be watching this spot to see if any future changes necessitate redoing this review."
,Recommended,490980,24323305,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,fri_freeman,"Edit: It's far enough in development now for me to post update, but I'll keep the original review for archival purpose.After just two or three months in early access, the game is much better now. Got actual tutorial, much accessible User Interface, more unique events, etc.It's a weird and rare type of procedurally generated story/adventure game about being editor of newspaper and sending your reporters to insanity and bodily harm to investigate tentacled beasts and phantom clowns.The gameplay is basically about sending your reporters to various locations, and trying to solve encounters there by equipping your characters with what you thought would be proper items for the investigations. Some items are useful for some specific things and useless for others. For example, pistols and shotguns would be useful against human enemies encounter like gangsters or cultists. Bringing holy water and holy cross in encounter against undead is common sense. Using levitation spell against wall of fire. Also some items have uses that are less obvious. For example, holy cross also give you moral support. Whiskey calm your mind and protect you from various flavor of mental disturbances.You have to guess what items might be useful, and it might not be obvious. So sometimes in your investigation it'd be trial and error, but other time it's either narrative/common sense or guessable from the adjective provided (for example, shotgun should be more useful against things with 'swarm' adjective compared to pistols. Gasoline would be useful against enemies with 'freezing' adjective).You have multiple investigators, and the thing that define them is their personal items. In this game, all items are one use, though that doesn't mean they all disposable items, it's more their use cost (bullets for guns, dog food for dogs). But each investigators have different personal items and abilities that they don't use up.There are other parts of the gameplay, but in my opinion those are the main meat of the game.Honestly, the gameplay is quite thin or 'floaty,' and despite the improvements, the gameplay is still pretty obtuse, but the atmosphere and the uniqueness of the game is a irreplaceable. The mood and atmosphere is basically my catnip, and I'm very charmed by this game. Consider it more mood/randomly-generated-story game rather than say, puzzle or action game.And the dev is a really nice guy with cute cats.And it's cheap!...Old review:Played the free demo version before this, and not much change yet for now.Early access because the user interface and tutorial is still completely obtuse, but got really great potential. For now, get this if you like to meddle with basically a game with unfinished UI where you're left to yourself to understand what you're supposed to do, or wait a while if you just want to be an editor of newspaper and send your reporter to certain death investigating death cultists.But once again, a really rare type of game with great potential for the future."
76561198137185653,Recommended,490980,30036922,Posted: 19 February,all,goldcoastchuck,"I wanted to like this one far more than I actually could manage.With a little more polish, this game could be great. The setting is neat, with you running a newspaper that investigates supernatural events around town. Gods, how I wanted to love this one.But the mechanics are more than a little bit clunky, and the instructions are kind of obtuse.You're going to want to play through the tutorial as well as at least one game on easy, to make sure that you have a solid handle on how things play out.The biggest issue, however, is the nonsensical plots that get spat out by procedural generation. It's not uncommon to see a case proceed like this:""Bob, Tom, and Dave recently returned from abroad.""After further investigations, you'll eventually find a location with ""zombie scientist""...who upon killing, you discover is Bob. Bob died of knife wounds.You'll investigate awhile longer, and you'll find that Tom killed Bob for revenge, because Bob was blackmailing Dave, and Tom and Dave are friends. How Bob got turned into a zombie is never explained.Literally any monster causes dead people to become zombies, for whatever reason, in almost every game I've played. Demonic maggots cause zombies, spiders cause zombies, people cause zombies, and even werewolves cause zombies.The deeper you get into cases, the more nonsensical the procedural stuff becomes, just like most games that use procedural generation without limiting it or focusing it with sharper programming.Reading recaps of the cases becomes almost headache-inducing, because of all the Mad Libs-style procedural stuff you encounter.It's really a shame, because this game has so much potential to be an outstanding one.I really would like to see what this group of developers can do with a bit more time and polish, because everything is there to make an outstanding game.I'm giving it a thumbs-up recommendation, ON THE CAVEAT that you should buy this game on sale, and understand that it's flawed.Your mileage may vary on this one, compared to mine."
76561197970998492,Recommended,490980,24573717,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,windfollower,"Dang, there is a fun, even great game buried in this horrible interface.First of all: everyone should know that there is a free version of this game. I only dabbled with it before buying the steam version, in the hopes that the interface would be improved. So far, I haven't seen much evidence of that, but I'm hoping for improvements over time. In any case, it's so cheap that I'm happy enough to be supporting the developer.This game requires some dedication to get to the better parts. First of all, prepare to be annoyed, frustrated, and confused for a while. I highly recommend reading all available material on game play, and even watching the let's plays by people who know what they're doing.It is definitely similar to the classic Covert Action, but unfortunately the stories are even less accessible. What I want from this game is the sense that I'm actually solving mysteries that ultimately lead me to the showdowns against monsters. Maybe that eventually happens at the higher difficulty levels, but right now I feel like I just have to blunder around until and stick with it until eventually I'll face a baddie.Nonetheless, in spite of all this harsh criticism, the game excites my imagination in a way that games rarely do. I'm a fan of Lovecraft, and this pushes all the right buttons. Your reporters must prepare carefully before trying to face the serious foes, and regardless, you will have casualties along the way.Anyway, I definitely recommend this game to anyone who's ready to slog through learning the interface to get to the good stuff. I wish I could rewrite it myself, to bring out the undeniable gem hidden inside."
76561198024047348,Not Recommended,490980,26064950,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,MrNumbers,"There's the potential for a really good game here, one that far surpasses ""The Westport Independent"" and other games of this type.That potential hasn't been fulfilled, however. Forget the Old Ones, the user interface is the most mysterious unknowable filled with malice in this game. It's too hard to read, too obfuscated, and renders most of what should be meaningful choices as shrugging and guess work.If this game were tightened, polished and neatened, it would probably be one of my favourite games this year. As it stands, it's virtually unplayable."
76561198070954168,Not Recommended,490980,28761520,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Biodeamon,"I cannot say in good faith I'd recommend this, although I really would like to.At first it was incredibly hard to come to grips with, but after a while I managed to finally grab a hold of it. The graphics are pretty shoddy and the menus are incredibly confusing (which the tutorial helps nothing), but once you get a hang of it, it manages to be fun and engaging. If you don't have the patience or intellect to follow mystery novels then stay very far away from this game, but if you prefer murder mystery dinners then you should find this enjoyable.In short it feels like Zafehouse Diaries got into a drunken car crash with the board game clue, and this is the mangled remains of the accident."
76561197993840467,Recommended,490980,25644606,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,cratereus,"This game is awesome.  Someone on a message board I frequent suggested it and I bought it since the price was quite low.  It is not perfect by today's standards.  The interface is rudimentary.  The mechanics are incredibly simple.  The feedback and instruction are minimal, although there is a lengthy manual in the game.  However, none of these detracts from what is an excellent game.  If anything, I'd like to have a larger developing house take the core idea and expand on it.  Not change a damned thing about how it works, just spruce it up.  It perfectly captures the Lovecraftian feel.  I will start following the developer and if his future offerings are anything like this gem, I'll start buying them sight unseen.  Clunky, primitive, and simple, but great fun!"
,Recommended,490980,34774419,Posted: 6 September,all,Celo,"+1. Feels like it is a boardgame2. Atmosphere created by blurry low ress images and sounds is great3. Very new and fresh concept along videogames-1. No tutorial - painfull learning curve not suited for everyone.2. You are not an editor, you send out people on quests A. fighting enemies B. overcoming obstacles C.investigating cases.3. Since everything is randomly generated the stories are not engaging, many times silly but uniqe (reanimated mastodont sneak up on someone and killed 3 people because necromant resurected him as a means to get ownership of their buildings)4. Feels like Bad Lovecraft fanficton.5. Plays like boardgame, but no hotseat option is includedBuy it on discount if you want to try it. Otherwise not recomended.Giving it thums up just because 3€ is suitable price for this game (around 3,99€ was a normal undiscounted price when I bought it)."
,Recommended,490980,24308706,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,MillhaSven,"Played a bit in easy. It's a nice game, not always really clear with the choices. But the concept and the cases I had were interesting.Indeed, the lack of save/load is pertubing but for easy mode it's not a problem.But at the end of the credits, please, put us back at the main menu."
76561198056242763,Recommended,490980,25134105,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Skullking Von Mooncrest﴾☪﴿,worth buying and should cost more if you ask me but ya if your into noir and lovecraft this is for you.
,Recommended,490980,25612524,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,duruthegn,"Well worth the pricetag, I was initially intrigued by the premise and was quickly ensnared by an oddly nostalgic and very engrossing experience. I havent been this happy with an early access game in quite some time. Simple gameplay, hairy situations, Lovecraft references and an avatar of Bogart from the Maltese Falcon... I couldn't have dreamed of a better combination."
,Recommended,490980,33289094,Posted: 5 July,all,patrick.fox112,"This game is in dire need for a tutorial video. That said it is a good game, interesting setting and theme, and is highly addictive."
76561198294813361,Recommended,490980,25365557,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Mr. Brightside - Deus Vult,Very interesting new design of game i have never seen or experienced before. Not much can be said about the cons except that sometimes it is hard to understand what to do in the game and the UI is a bit wonky. As the prros go this game has excellent gameplay and i recommend giving it a shot.
76561198002477729,Recommended,490980,25595509,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,marcelo_abr,"Awesome game! Retro, original, mysterious, lovecraftian... An unpolished masterpiece that needs to keep this way, otherwise will lose its charm. Congrats, Mr. Kostevc!"
76561198016663970,Recommended,490980,25734344,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Arcturus Asriv,"Very unique gameplay. Would love to see more of these types of games.I could see this working really well with a noirish private investigator agency setup.I think I would probably add some more ambient noises, though. Maybe a ceiling fan?Otherwise, great job.Looking forward to your next game."
,Recommended,490980,34766974,Posted: 5 September,all,Pixel Art Player,"Once you get the hang of it, prepare to be thrilled. But man, I took a long time researching to understand it fully."
,Recommended,490980,25859317,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,KevinDaga,"Surprisingly addictive. Interface could be better, music is kind of random when it plays. Interesting game concepts that are expounded in a capable way."
76561198029974836,Recommended,490980,28174350,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,True Hero Of the Soviet UNion,"For four Dollars, I'd say its a steal if you like HP lovecraft."
,Recommended,490980,28851638,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Spaz,"For the price you pay, it's well worth giving this game a try.  Very different, very interesting concept and a must for any Lovecraft/Cthulhu fans out there"
76561198099979583,Recommended,490980,30055808,Posted: 20 February,all,Solly,"This is a rogue-like Call of Cthulu game.  It captures the spirit of the Cthulu mythos and game rather well,  Like all rogue-like games it becomes repetitive  Still, sometimes you just want to play a Cthulu game and do not have a group for pen and paper.  It is good for those times."
,Not Recommended,490980,30915891,Posted: 2 April,all,Nyx,"Great potential untapped...My Overall Rating:2/10Worth the asking price?If you are going to purchase this game, I would suggest finding it in a bundle or catching it on sale.General ImpressionFind the tabletop roleplay gameCall of Cthulhuor something similar and play that with a friend instead. I tried a few playthroughs of this. Essentially they all end up the same. Oh sure, the monsters might come in different numbers in different areas but the plot is not there. If you claim""the story is always different""then there should be, you know, a set of actual STORIES to show that. I was sorely disappointed.If the game feltalive, if I was made tocareabout my reporters, if I felt anythingmattered, I would have been able to overlook what I found to be a rather clunky and irritating user interface. While I enjoy the look of it all for the most part, that's about all I can say in defense of this game.I'd certainly like to see it revisited."
,Recommended,490980,25828373,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Cthulhu Redux,This is a fun little sim title that is jam packed with Lovecraftian curioisites. It has a good system of nuanced mechanics ( The instruction manual is 40 pages long) and a sort of card/Board game vibe.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWoalMpc6gQ
76561197963161776,Not Recommended,490980,25872353,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Razor,"The gameplay and concept are interesting, and it's not a bad game for that price tag, but the experience is ruined for me by the lack of narration.As your reporters investigate, they get very short testimonies from witnesses (such as ""Emily Parker was acting strange"") or find clues that are described in just a few words (""Strange claw marks""). It's up to you to make the connection between these things in your head, because the game never does it. So you'll be told Emily was acting strange, and then you'll find out she was murdered, but the game will never say ""I guess she was acting strange because she knew someone was after her"".This is probably a limitation due to having randomly generated scenarios, but as I said it kills the immersion entirely because there's pretty much no story. All you have is small bits of information, and it's up to you to fill in the blanks with your imagination. It's like trying to figure out the backstory of Minecraft: there's none, just imagine whatever you want based on what you know of the game world.For a text-based game, this is problematic. I hope the developer manages to find a solution to this."
,Recommended,490980,31909146,Posted: 22 May,all,TTHSK,"It's strange, cheap, fun... and personally I love it to bits."
,Not Recommended,490980,25522510,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Geofferic,"You'll play the tutorial. Twice. Maybe three times. You will have no eff-ing idea what you're supposed to do - but you THINK you do.Then you'll play the game. Hell, if you get that far, because even the menu to start the game is confusing.Eventually, you get into the game, and you realize you have no idea W T F you are doing. There's no rhyme or reason to anything. You use auto-equip because you have literally no idea what to equip based on the seriously flawed ""information"" they give you.Oh, you need a crowbar to break into a tent? How were you supposed to know that you needed to break in to begin with? What does a crowbar do to a tent? You also brought lockpicks. OKAY. Thank goodness for auto-equip because I would have never, ever brought those things to get into a tent that I wasn't told was ""locked"".And I'm not sure what's going on with the dogs. I think you basically sacrifice a dog every time you have an encounter with any other living creature. I'm not positive. But I do know that you auto-equip a dog, the dog is SUPER USEFUL (it tells me so), and then that dog is *gone-zo*. Bye bye, pooch!Yeah, this is a neat looking game with a great detective/journalism angle that has zero explanation of anything at all period ever.And even when you think you know what's happening, you don't know why. Because who the EFF brings a crowbar to get into a tent?"
76561198152069202,Recommended,490980,30202109,Posted: 26 February,all,TheMadRaven,This game is fantastic
,Recommended,490980,24303319,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,The Ghost,"Played this game for a bit, even in tutorial mode it doesnt really tell you what to do. Looks like the game could be interesting if the instructions was better. I recommend it if you like to spend money on things! Yes just things...."
,Not Recommended,490980,25807203,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Neko-Nomikon,"Whew boy. Where to start.The game looks very promising, with it's investigative paranormal esque vibe. But it falls flat on it's face when it comes to executing it in any playable way.To begin with, the tutorial does a bad job of explaining what you're supposed to do in the game. And following it's advice to the letter, I still can't use the lab.Next there's the missions. My first (and only) involved a police guy bribing witnesses who'd seen a serial killing ghost, to keep quiet. I had two options. Follow him, or just continue. Both these options do nothing to further the storyline.Then there's the issue with game mechanics. Lockpicks pick locks right? And crow bars can jimmy tight things open? Wrong. Lockpicks do not work on locks, and crowbars are apparently just for tents. If you fail an action, you're injured, and you'll hear some of the most low quality voice acting ever. When one of my female investigators injured herself trying to pick a lock I heard the most boring ""Ow"" ever, and I used to listen to peoples voice acting portfolios.The game doesn't explain what to do with injured people. Do you need to give them aid? Or do they heal on their own? I never found out.All in all, it's cheap for a reason. It's very barebones, and very poorly made to put it bluntly. But if it's given some much needed TLC, and the mechanics are reworked, and tutorial made more clear, I can see this becoming a really decent little gem."
