user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198144640735,Not Recommended,491530,28209499,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Bravo6x,"Just to clear things out: I'm a vol. ff. in  Hungary. I really looked forward to play with a realistic, european(Germany has very similar tactics/technics with Hungary) style fire fighting simulation game. But i got disappointed very soon after i purchased the game. Eventually after 2 hours of playing, i refunded this game.Let's look at the pro's and con's:Pro:- Graphics (nice, not the best but very good)- Authentic- Detailed- Realistic- Truck's physics- Beutiful, very well modelled trucks, enginesCon:- Basically everything else sadly :)- Map is boring and dead, no peds for ex.- Sound, only German speaking- Too much bug and glitch, still after 5 patch- Serious issues with saving game, sometimes not even saves the game, and the savegames doesn't have date just X's like: XXXX:XX:XX XX:XX, figure out your last save by the index pic.- AI is terrible, both other cars and ffmates, sometimes they just stand there and do nothing for minutes- Fire mechanics is just wierd af., a small kitchen fire will not go out for 5 minute, even after you sprayed the burning wood furniture with appr. 6-700L of water, same with a small isolated playground object (2mx2m), but if you go out to a car/truck fire, the foam or water is extinguishing the car in seconds, every ff know that car fires can actually be a struggle to extinguish because of oil, plastics, fuel, rubber and so on.- The game sometimes freezes, not literally but while you are in the mission, the commander just not gives you any order, and the colleagues just satnding in one playe, you have to switch to every guy in the squad to do their job one after another.- Tubes go crazy sometimes and you can't collect them any more (you can't finish the event)- Colleagues disappear (i wasn't able to finish the event and go back to station once, because the ""Machine operator"" went to space or something)- The station is like a chicken cage, no life and ai is just go back to the top floor every time and stands there until the next alarm. The station itslef is more likely a warehouse than a fire station. Big open spaces without any reason and function. Sometimes without any furniture too. Irritating because you spend your half ""worktime"" there.And i can continue this line with gamebraking bugs and glitches after 2 hours of play. You can imagine the state of this game. I waited for 5 patches to buy this game, and be sure to play the final game. Now i can safely say: This game is not bad. But it has so many bugs and glitches that you can't even play the game normally. The map and the AI needs a lot of work too. I hope they gonna fix these issues in the future. Maybe i ""rebuy"" this after several month and several patches :)Until then, this is simply: ""The Bug Fighting Simulation""Edit 2017.04.19. I bought the game again. I will update this review sonn. Let's see...05.07.: Sorry guys... this game still has a lot's of bugs. I tried to play it, but it's very annoying when the ffmates getting stuck in rooms, and extingushing the same object for infinite time for ex.https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/172669520748614115/477076E4425DA78B5B61852203531A57A6933A92/If i not grab another fogfighter, and go upstairs to help my collegue, the mission not ends because the guy just kneel there, and ext. one exact thing forever.Graphical glitch: The water comes out not just the windows, but through walls too. etc.,etc...https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/172669520748613542/FCE83AF83CF04290212589224F24687A1075E490/Tell me one thing: Why do we have to wait for everyone (even it's not even used, like ambulances) to arrive to the scene??? We have a fire, and we have to wait for the ladder and 2. fire engine to arrive to the scene. But why??? I'm not even able to jump out from the truck...The new ""infinite"" hoses are a nice idea, but we still need a lot work on the AI!And guys... for god sake: Please rethink the fire mechanism! A normal sized coach and 2 chairs not burning forever. Like seriously... When i checked the fire simulation in that part of the game, it was very nice! But in the game, thats not even works the same way. The spread is not the same for ex. I checked the fire extinguishing mechanism in the game, and i got dissapointed again. Just watch how many seconds needed to struck down a (single)flame (at a sofa for ex.). I had to ext. 10 secs in one single place to ext. it completely. With a professional fogfighter it delivers like 40 L (10 gal) of water in one exact place (50x50cm)! Thats not how it works in real life, you know this too. Even a full laic person knows approx. how much water needed to put out a bigger camp fire for ex. So guys this game still has too much bugs, to change my recommendation sadly :(((Let's be honest guys: You tried it, but failed. So much deeply authentic and great idea, but at least the same amount of bugs, glitches and fault.2017.05 Dear diary! My saves somehow corrupted itselfs... so i have to restart the whole campaign, and deal with the boring alarms again. I have a slight feeling, i'm not going to do that... :("
76561198013907894,Recommended,491530,26516272,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Lion Heart,"i have been following this game for quite some time and am very excited that its now out, it is the deepest most involved firefighting simulator ever, a very good game, at this current time it is by no means finnished and the devs have been very transparent about it, they announced before launch that it is buggy and incomplete, they are very honest about it, they will be working hard to fix the bugs and to expand upon what they have created, so far im really happy with this game. they have put alot of effort into it and i will be spending alot more hours playing.the worst bugs i have encountered is cars getting stuck at intersections causing permanent traffic, ai firefighters getting stuck due to bad pathfinding, some little niggly ai issues and one crash so far, it could be described as game breaking but to me its not, its tolerable especially since the developer has been so honest and i know they will resolve these issues, and what this game is for me more than makes up for the issues."
,Not Recommended,491530,26544278,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Trust37 ⎝👽⎠,"Unfinished game, ton's of bugs, 30€ for an false advertised game is just to much. Several release delays and still not all main features implemented. Don't buy it at the moment."
76561197970977380,Recommended,491530,32127542,Posted: 2 June,all,kisviku (HUN),"I have played Emergency series before and i always like realistic simulations about police/fire/ambulance teams, as they are our heroes and we always want to be like them when we are children. I bought this game after several months of thinking, and i did not regret however i waited more. Let's see:- Fire engines are beautiful an realistic, equipment also but the game itself is boring, missions can't go on after loading a savegame. I have to restart the whole game from the very beginning to get missions at all.- There are no pedestrians,  the city looks empty like in the videoclip ""Ghost Town"" from The Specials (which is a very good song!).- Fire:  i have seen a lot of better and more beautifully animated and drawn fires which look like in reality.- Firefighting is a teamwork altough sometimes the AI doesn't work.- Developers should add more excitement for missions, like saving lives, policemen as they keep pedestrians out of the way, explosions, screaming, panicking,evacuating people,etc.These elements would give great boost.- Also it would be a good idea if not the whole fire station would go to scene during an alarm but it would be based on calling in reinforcements if they are needed.- They should make a tutorial or show us better how and what we have to do.- There is nothing to do between missions just walk in fire station, no interaction with objects, i can't talk to colleagues, i could imagine training, character development,etc.- Firemen are speechless.Just like dispatcher.The only voice exist in the game is when alarming is on the fire station.No radio voice only text conversations.Radio speech/commands would add great boost to overall feeling.Fire team does not talk to each other, not even a greeting or kinda.- They should translate the existing voices to english as well.Well, to summarize, it's not a bad game but i feel it empty and few. Developers should add more interaction,excitement and more life into the game."
76561198234733604,Not Recommended,491530,33564931,Posted: 15 July,all,CagedAnimal13,"This game is absolutely terrible! It's extremley buggy and EVERY SINGLE CALL is the same as the last! Plus for the only DLC it's 15 dollars, and it only includes one truck. What a rip off!"
76561198007305359,Recommended,491530,26517134,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,CobraMagic,"And yes this game needs some serious polishing.But , this is a serious simulation , and not another shooter clone.Being a fireman is following protocol and executing it at the best you can.Knowing the drills means you can improvise on them in new and daring situations.This is how firedepartments in europe operate.Simulations like this give a realistic insight on what it realy means to be a fireman (not the hollywood style one).This is where Notruf succeeds you can practice the protocol, what equipment you need , connect the lines and hoses.You can actually learn something from this. (dont know if there is already an implimatation of first aif procedures , would be a nice addition(tapping the space bar 30/2)Emergency games are a still a niche market but there is so much potential in it.There are other heroes that put their life on the line everyday to help others and they dont need a gun to do so.Advice , smooth the experience , keep the details functional, maybe implement a bit of physics."
,Recommended,491530,28550406,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,TheBassman77,"Right now this game is the most realistic and affordable firefighter simulation available to the public, that being said it does need a fair bit of work to make it truly shine. I'll cut to the chase now and say that if you're interested in fire/emergency services (especially from Germany) and love simulation games you should definitely pick it up, especially on sale!That being said there are a lot of bugs such as the AI getting stuck during a task making missions unable to complete without a restart (e.g. AI failing to assemble the hose and just standing around, tasks failing to update, not receiving any new tasks etc.)One of the aspects I find most disappointing currently is that the game (outside of the firefighting aspect) is pretty lifeless in it's current state. There is limited civilian traffic, no pedestrians on the street, no onlookers watching the fire and so on. The devs have spent a lot of time creating a world that is true to detail, the station and surrounding areas are meticulously modelled. At some times the game looks and feels pretty real, but you're pulled right out of it by the empty feeling world.All that aside, if the devs keep improving the game and listening to the community I can see Notruf 112 becoming a great product, and perhaps the best firefighter sim available to date. Please keep up the good work and don't abandon this game!Pros:+ Realistic vehicles and equipment that you can actually use+ Good fire physics that keep being improved with each update+ Good mission variety - dumpster fire, alarm call, traffic collisions/vehicle fires etc.+ Randomised mission locations with enterable buildings+ Varied roles & tasks (e.g. command vehicle, water tanker etc.)+ Realistic feel (getting the callout and responding to the scene feels amazing at times)+ Pretty decent graphics for a game of its kindCons:- The world feels empty in it's current state- AI needs to be vastly improved- Many important sounds (such as the engines, hose etc.) need reworking- Saving system needs to be reworked- Lack of ambient sounds- Opening the menu doesn't pause the gameWhat devs could improve on:- Character models (overall appearance, more variety, uniform improvements etc.)- Ambient sounds (add in mission dialogue instead of just displaying on screen, ambient radio chatter, communication between firefighters etc.)- Make the world more life-like (add more traffic & improve variety of vehicles, include some pedestrians on the street or at least add a chance for civilians to gather around the scene of a large emergency)- Improve animations for the player and NPCs (e.g. getting into and out of vehicles, putting on SCBA etc.)- AI improvements"
,Recommended,491530,30998263,Posted: 7 April,all,[KLM Virtual - Owner] Hascast,"This game is a great relistic simulaton of begin a firefighter. My dad is in the RAF and he did some firefighting on Brize Norton 15 years ago, he said that the game is relistic but some sertain things aren't for example when the firefighters stand around at the scene waiting to do things. He says ""All firefighters have things to do on scene of the emergency"".Things need working on:Bugs: 1) there are some bugs but not many, when i take a call in the 1st fire truck ( the small one ) the firefighter (AI)2) sometimes goes invisable. Sometimes callouts wont work and the AI just stand there and do nothing.Great things;1) Relistic2) Great vehicle handling3) Great sirens, graphics, lighting, Truck skins.4) Great callouts5) Great detail to the map and vehiclesSuggestions:1) More callouts please, like a huge fire, moterway RTC, more RTCs, Terror attack? Maybe abit to far? Rescue operation, metro accident, plane crash ( Add a airport please ), ambulance callouts? Huge RTCs, house fire, shop fire, skyscraper fire. I can go on and on but there the top ones i can think of.2) Mod support: I know they are adding mods for new skins which im exited about but please add full mod support. New sirens for the new skins, new areas e.g if you have a London skin you'd want to be in London right?, New Person an AI skins for the new truck skins, New vehicles, basicly full mod support.3) Developer updates: If you have Autobahn police or Euro Truck Sim 2 the developers add new skins for the vehicles, new vehicles and new stuff without making it a DLC, it simply gets more customers and is great for the community. If they make these changes and make them DLCs it would be bad in my Opinion. It would show that the developers are money hungry. LIke Flight sim X, Microsoft have added new planes, graphics and scenerys but they've put them into DLCs and it shows how money hungry they realy are. Everyone loves devs that show respect for the community. So if your reading developers, plaese do this. Unless you make it as a free DLC ;)Overall this game has full potentail and i love it so much. Great game. Although it still does need some work done to it. If the developers are reading, please fix Firefighters the simulation! I cant progress any further becacuse the ladder truck wheels sink into the ground. Thanks ;)Thanks for reading, please rate the review it'll be helpfulYours[KLM Virtual - Owner] Hascast"
76561197966057317,Recommended,491530,28214108,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Glock232,"Overall a great concept.  Being in the public safety field for over 20 years, I can relate to almost all duties performed in-game, either from experience or from being able to observe it first hand.  That said, I'm in the United States, this is set in Germany (I think).  Regardless, it does not take away from the playability of the game.  All of the in-game text is in English, so there's no issue there.That said, the nitpicky part...Not much ambient sound, maybe some crackling of the fire, or radio chatter (as another reviewer stated) would add to the game a bit, but all-in-all does not affect the playability of the game.It's a bit confusing at first when you've got to figure out on you're own, but after about 10-15 minutes you kinda catch on to it.   After that it's much more enjoyable.You start out in station, get an assignment, have to find your assigned vehicle, either as a driver or passenger, enter the vehicle, then either drive or ride to the fire.  Once you get there, your mission leader will give you a briefing and you go from there.  Basically you havet o procure a water source from an underground hydrant, attach hose to that and supply the engine, then pull the hose off the engine into the fire.  Then you can swap firefighters and either take on a different duty, or take the attack nozzle and go to work.  After the fire is out, you've got to clean up!  Nice touch... But like in real life, it must be done.The game could use a bit more polishing, but it's very playable and enjoyable.  Would love to have some of the audio in English, or at least English sub-titles.  Some more ambient sounds.   I have no doubt that as long as the developers continue to make improvements, this game can only get better."
76561198069899376,Recommended,491530,28463227,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Pixelpimp,"If you were put off Firefighter simulations after Firefighter 2014, fear no more. Notruf 112/Emergency Call 112 is a million times better, less buggy, and fuller featured. 2 Hours in and I have already been to a car fire, a truck fire, a couple of small fires in bushes and a playground, a vehicle collision with a trapped patient, and some oil spills. Wow!Good points:- AI can drive you to calls- Huge range of equipment- Easy use of deliveries for firefighting- Realistic tactics and detailed trucks/gearBad things:- Voice acting is German only- There is a real lack of sound effects eg Fire, radio chatter etc- Character movement is quite slow- And the one bug I have found to plague me is the menu screen - once I have chosen an option and gone back to the main menu screen I have no cursor and must Alt+F4 out of the game.Other than that, its fantastic. Well worth the measely sum the creators are asking, and the fact they are still developing it is straight away a better result than Firefighter 2014."
76561198003112705,Recommended,491530,27558319,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sharpe,"Where to start with this one? I've asked myself this question for a couple of hours before starting to type.I suppose the easiest way to start is at the beginning. Notruf 112 (or emergency call 112 as the english version will be called) is a firefighting simulator made in cooperation with the professional Fire department of the German town of Mulheim an der Ruhr. It means you start a firestation and are assigned to an engine, a pumper or a laddertruck. Next door, but still within the building, are the paramedics with their ambulances. But these are currently just set dressing and not a subject of this review.Unfortunately there isn't really much to do at the fire station. There's a small area where you can train in knocking down a small fire, connecting a hose and working with some of the rescue tools. You can also go to the engine bay and check out the usable gear on the available engines. Unfortunately not all the gear is apparently ready to be used yet nor are there call outs available where said gear, like the motor saw or the chain saw, can be used.On the other hand, it still is kind of interesting to check out the ingame fire station. The posters that show the fire engines of the Mulheim Fire Brigade through the ages are a nice touch. And, the equipment containers at the back of the station perhaps also hold promise of bigger things to come. If so interested you can always try to load a container on the back of the carrier vehicle and unload it somewhere else. The containers and the gear installed on them however do not work.In the meantime whilst you were busy checking out the gear on the fire engines or exploring the station, perhaps you might have had a call out.This could be anything, ranging from a traffic accident with persons trapped to an appartment fire and yes, even a false alarm or two.Remember how i said that you can check out the gear on the engines? Well, now you can go up to your assigned engine or pumper, open the hatch(es) and take out hoses to fight that appartment fire. You can also help and build a supply line to the engine and prepare extra hose lines for an interior attack on that appartment fire. It's here however that you run into one of the games major shortcomings.The aiThe ai is such that it can actually do a lot of tasks for you and thereby take a lot of work of your hands. This in itsself is a boon as it prevents you from having to do a lot of work yourself. HOWEVER, the ai is also still a bit finicky with regards to its pathfinding and the chores it has to do. I've experienced more then one case where I as a player had apparently done something the ai was supposed to do. This in turn caused the ai to lock up and literally do nothing.I would say that in a game about firefighting you'd also wonder about the modeling of the fire and the way it would spread. Unfortunately, I can't really comment on this as I haven't really seen fire spread yet.It's another shortcoming and I suppose that the devs are working on it, as they have by releasing 5 patches (so far) on to the separate BETA branch.There is still a lot of work to be done on this game and yes, the developers are aware of it. All in all however, despite the developmental shortcomings,  Notruf 112 is an enjoyable game which has definetly raised the bar for firefighting games (if you compare it to games like the ff2014 game) but it's not quite there yet. Time will tell if it will get there, or not.Wheter you want to buy it or not, the choice is entirely up to you."
76561198117888464,Recommended,491530,29547714,Posted: 28 January,all,[NOR]Sgt midweek,this is the best fire fighting simulation game ever i love this game
76561198098356859,Not Recommended,491530,26522378,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,swe|killrpoint,"For now this game is full of bugs sadly, it got great potential but there are not many missions to choose between, always car fires and stuff. The traffic bugs alot and dont move at times. Same with the missions there is no clear line for when the mission is over or not, at times the driver of the truck freezes and doesnt do anything so you are stuck at the mission place. And the missions end to fast it's boring takes 20 seconds to put out a car fire for example. Really short missions.The idea of the game is fun, good graphics but the rest pretty much sucks. Feels like the devs didnt finish the development or someething. Really dissapointed, it needs a huge update."
76561197999398518,Not Recommended,491530,30614066,Posted: 19 March,all,jack,"All in all: This is a decent game. But there's so much more that should've been in it.Here's the ting. It's another german simulator with one of those terrible engines that makes you go nuts. Everything behaves weirdly. Let me give you a good example: If you change character while being in first person view, the character you just played goes invisible. It still does the job it's set to do, so you will experience hoses and respirators flying around putting out fires. Or if you are the driver on a vehicle, and change to a passenger - the truck drives itself home. That is either some next level Tesla-sh*t, or a very terrible bug.That being said, this terrible german simulator is one of the better, terrible german simulators I've played. Compared to Firefighers 2014 for instance, this game is great. This game has potential. Here you are part of a big crew. If you are called out to a car accident with a person trapped inside the car, your role in the callout will depend on what character you chose. You can be assigned to being ready with water hoses in case anything catches fire, monetoring some instruments, cutting the car's roof off or simply waiting for the other guys to finish the job. This is a cool feature that makes the game feel real.Here are some pros and cons I've noticed.Pros:- The driving feels great. When you drive the fire trucks through town trying to get through traffic it feels real. The trucks are big and slow, and the AI traffic behave like the morons they should.- The amount of gear on the trucks are great. You have a lot of gear, different kinds of hoses, foam things, traffic cones, respirators, fire axes etc. On a normal callout you generally just need a few things, but it makes the game feel real.- You are a part of a crew. You don't do everything alone, just as IRL firefighters don't.- Callouts are placed at a lot of different places. Except from the car fire on the highway I don't think I have done the same callout at the same spot yet, which is nice.Cons:- The waiting. The most important thing you will do in this game is to wait. Waiting for callouts. Wating for your next task.Waiting for something new and exiting to happen. And: For some reason you can't start a 'mission' after arriving to a scene without all the other firetrucks and ambulances arriving as well. It feels weird sitting in the truck (not being able to go out) while theres a truck on fire in the middle of the highway because one of the four cars still haven't arrived.- This waiting results in me changing character to whoever has the mot interesting task. This makes the feeling of being a part of a crew go away a little.- Bugs. This game has a lot of bugs. Things disappear, jobs cant be completed, things get stuck, hoses cant be put down and so on.- The mechanics. Where do I begin? Let me give you a great example. If you place one end of the hose 10 meters away from the other, the hose is 10 meters long. If you put one end next to the other, the hose suddenly is 10 centimetres long. Everything behaves weirdly, but maybe thats how german simulators are meant to be?- Missing AI. The city feels dead when there's no AI. The devs have said they'll work on it though.- The station. A big part of the game is waiting for a callout in the station. The station is a nice building with lots of rooms and many other fire fighters. The problem is that there is absolutely nothing to do. The other firefighters just stand around (not making any sounds) and wait for a new callout.- The amount of callouts. After playing this game 4-5 hours I have completed all the kinds of callouts there are.- The city is too small. You rarely drive more than 3 minutes to a callout. I would love more variety to this. Especially because the driving feels real. Why don't some callouts take 15 minutes to drive to and others just 2?- Not being able to drive around between callouts. As I said there is nothing to do at the station between callouts. But there is also nothing to do around the city. The one time I successfully managed to drive out of the station without being on a callout, the next callout bugged out because the fire truck I had used suddenly was gone.I think the list could go on.With a lot more callouts with a lot of variety this game would be absolutely awesome. The developers have said they won't make a carreer mode, which I think is a shame. I would love to be able to work my way up from being part of the hose crew to being the lead attack fire fighter. This game does in my opinion have a great potential for becoming an awesome simulator, but for now it isn't. I don't regret buying this, don't get me wrong, but I think I wish I waited for a sale. It's not very expensive now, but waiting for a sale also have another good side to it: Who knows - maybe the game has been updated a lot by then?TLDR: Wait for a sale."
,Recommended,491530,28617759,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Skull28,"Good game, best firefighting game I've ever played. It does have a few bugs though."
76561198023130923,Recommended,491530,28239092,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Vonknauss72,"Well... To be honest this isn't a quite a finished game and not worth the €30 in it's current state. It has bugs and many of them too. The world doesn't feel alive and the lack of immersion making sounds and effects is big. BUT, this game is byfar the best attempt of making a fire resque sim i've seen. I have faith in that the devs will polish this into a good game and a decent portion of the game already is. I'll let this stay on my hard drive and see what happens in the near future"
,Not Recommended,491530,26525118,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Leo963[CZ/SK],"I personally followed this game for quite a while, but when I played it for something above 100 minutes and the game get very repetitive and at almost every callout when I returned to station ambulance get stuck somewhere so I had to restart and again and again. It's really confusing so I have to refund because it's almost unplayable.ProsConsGood themeBad gameplayA lot of detailsBugs, bad optimalization"
,Recommended,491530,30745964,Posted: 26 March,all,Coastliner700,I like this game very much and ive played 36 hours on it and i loved evreybitGamplay 6/10Lag 5/10Gameover annoyiness 9/10Callouts 4/10 (not rlly great)Action and stuff to do 9/10Driving 10/10Overall i rate this A 5/10 its not the best but it could do some work its still a good game...
,Recommended,491530,26682475,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Kallus Rourke,"The very first thought that came to my mind when I initially heard of this game was 'Please don't be another Firefighters 2014'.  Anyone who has played that game knows what I mean.  I watched a few Youtube videos to figure out if it was something I wanted to dive into, and finally I went for it.  My oh my is Notruf 112 vastly better than FF14.  Notruf 112 was released on November 10th, and while it does have its fair share of bugs, the developers are actively working on the game.  As of right now, there is a beta update available to test out.  At first I had issues with the game crashing, but I discovered I was missing something crucial for the game.  Once I got that installed, the game has worked.  I do get the occasional random hard crashing, and I think I may have one idea as to why, which I'll include later.Notruff 112 does the character options in a nice, unique way in that you're not limited to one person per play through.  You can switch between the firefighters/battalion on the spot.  One second you're driving the ladder truck, the next it's the water tender.  If you prefer driving to the scene and then switching to a firefighter who is going into a building, you can, and it's a seamless transition.  There's no loading screen, no pause in the game.  This mechanic, geared by the fact that it's so smooth, is a huge plus.  I really love being able to decide each shift what I want to do.  It really lets me get a better understanding for each firefighter and his task.The game does keep a task list that tells you what to do in the event you have no clue.  I'm quite pleased with this, but it has also led to an issue where if I do something on my own, for example just grab a hose and go after the fire (and not take the time to set up a supply line), the game breaks.  It does not like you doing things out of order.  I kinda understand wanting things in order, but if I can just grab a hose from the truck and put out the fire, I'm saving us a lot of time.  Would be nice if the game acknowledged that we skipped ahead.Moving onto the AI, I must say I'm impressed.  If you choose to be a passenger in the firetruck, the AI will drive the truck for you.  This, in itself, is amazing.  Obviously, because it's not perfect, the AI will make mistakes.  Thus far,this instanceis the only time the AI has crashed the rig.  To be fair, Irolled the truck.  So it's not just the AI that makes mistakes.  Notruf 112 provides an experiences you don't often get in simulator games: riding as a passenger.  There is something so awesome about sitting in the back of the fire truck in first person as you respond code 3.  As I said, the AI does make mistakes while driving, but overall, it's really not that bad or an issue.  As per the actual AI civilians....well, what do you expect.  They somewhat mimic real life in that they can screw you over in a heart beat if they choose.  Thankfully, even with lights on, they do pull over and recognize you're there.   Finally, with the AI, and this ties into the previous character selection, the AI actually do work.  If you're the driver of the fire truck, you operate the truck only.  The AI partners will open the compartment doors, and get out the tools for the hose as needed.  If you're the attack squad leader, you'll wait for the team to get the hose ready for you and then you'll fight the fire.  Quick note, I am still learning here, so maybe it's not the leader that fights the fire, but it's someone. >_>  Point is, the AI isn'tentirelyuseless.  I say entirely because once on scene, the only people who do anything is either the ones with the water tender or the engine.  Battalion, paramedics, ladder, don't do anything.  To my knowledge, I don't believe there are any calls yet that require the use of the ladder truck.  It just responds for aesthetics.  (It's still fun to set up the ladder and have it against a building.)  Driving wise, I'm using KB/mouse, and its as about as you'd expect - poor.  I do have a controller, but haven't tried it, as I personally don't feel the need for it.  The trucks do feel heavy when driving them, and while the handling may not be spot on, it's close enough.As I mentioned above, I do get the occasional crashing, and I think it has something to do with switching between characters mid-mission.  The couple times I've hard crashed is when we're driving back to base and I'm a passenger.  Normally, I drive there and let the AI drive back.  I'm wondering if the game is getting a little confused as to whom is actually driving.  I'm not sure, just my thoughts.Another mechanic I really like in the game is that if you get in a car crash while responding, the call ends immediately.  I really like that they punish you for not being a safe driver when responding.  Yes, it only does this when responding. (at least for me.)  This has led to me raging a bit at stupid drivers, which is what I do in real life anyway. :PLets step into fire animations.  A lot of people are probably going to get picky about this, as the fire animations look like a cheap effect you get from those free photo editing websites.  It's not beautiful or realistic (looks wise), and I'm 100% okay with this.  In FF14, a huge issue was that the water did nothing.  The fires wouldn't dissipate, and you'd spend a half hour fighting this and then realize it's pointless.  In this game, the fire does get extinguished, and as long as it does this, the fire can look as cheap as it would like.  I'd rather have a functioning, poorly looking fire than one that doesn't work and is gorgeous.  There is fire spread, and while it may not be entirely realistic, it gets the job done.  If you extinguish a table, and move onto a cupboard, that table can catch on fire again after a bit of time.Finally, as I was told, there is procedural generation for each call, so there will always be something different.  I still believe that it may, at times, send you to the exact same place.  As long as it doesn't do it all the time, I'm fine with this.  Obviously they can't make every single call something new/different.  They can try, but it will always get to a point where you're going to the same places.  Besides, as a firefighter, you are doing the same thing over and over again, so it's unfair to think 'I do this a lot! I want a new call'.All in all, this is a huge improvement to other previous games, and I quite enjoy playing it.Positives:Game works as it should. (which includes fires going out)Developers are actively working on the game.AI can drive you to and from the station.The AI actually does their particular role.AI [mostly] reacts as they should to your firetruck going code 3.Can change characters mid game with a seamless transition.Calls are procedurally generated.Trucks feel heavy when driving.There is a task list that tells/shows you what you need to do.Game punishes you for crashing into vehicles while responding.Negatives:Random crashes every so often.Game will break if you don't do things exactly in order as shown on the task list.At the time of writing this, paramedics, battalion, and the ladder truck don't do anything or have calls.Character models aren't the most visually pleasing.For more recommendations and reviews on our favourite up and coming quality games followLot's O Giveaway's, and check out ourCurations."
76561197967416031,Not Recommended,491530,26579733,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Mikael.S,this game are not ready for sale. crach all time and bug... This they fix all problem the game can be very good
76561197996292357,Recommended,491530,26520795,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,SK331,"This game has its bugs yes, and some of them does ruin the gameplay from time to time.But it is still the best firefighting simulator/game out there right now.So if you are in anyway interested in playing a firefighting game I woldn't have any problems getting it now in its current state. And hopefully it will only keep getting better."
76561197985041772,Recommended,491530,33306362,Posted: 6 July,all,Scarecrow,"For a German Simulator game this is actually pretty polished and well done. Most importantly the devs are still active and producing regular updates. The fire graphics looks a bit weird but it's the best the devs could do with their physics system. The fire physics are based on a fluid model which makes it act fairly realistic in terms of heat/fire spread. So far this is the only good fire fighter simulator on the market. The fact that it's not mission based and more of a sandbox makes it even better as you can jump in and out of the game and it's going to be a new experience every time. This game has a lot of potential and the devs seem to want to keep moving forward. Until EmergNYC gets its act together, this is going to be the top fire fighting game."
76561198008895419,Not Recommended,491530,33435452,Posted: 10 July,all,Aaron,this game has you doing nothing till a mission starts. one mission didnt start till 5 mins and theres nothing to do but just stand there. the missions are not exiting. fact nothing of this game is fun so im getting a refund. this game is actually worth 10$ and thats becasue theres little gameplay. and it holds your hand through everything. and i mean everything. two hours in and not even open world  the call out are a block from the damn station and every thing is scripted.
,Recommended,491530,26535652,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,WittyDinosaur,"Would I recommend the game? - YesIs it worth the money at the moment in it's current state? - NoThe game has bugs and has a way to go but overall it is OKAY... People are complaining of lack of fps, slow missions/missions not working/loading time etc. I personally haven't experienced too much of that. So far I've only had x1 CTD and x1 where a mission spawned but nothing happened. The only other thing to pick on would be the actions of AI, sometimes they might arrive on scene and get a bit stuck (walking into a vehicle/building wall) or get stuck in traffic on the way back to the station. Until that is sorted a simple way to resolve those AI problems would simply be to change to them and make them move. There currently isn't a way to save a game, meaning you'll always start on Monday 0700. There is a lack of realism when dealing with fires, for example took me less than 10 seconds to put out a lorry fire, but as mentioned by the devs, they'll be working on this game for 4+ months so have no doubt progress will be made.On a positive It's great having the AI around doing stuff. Each firefighter has their role even though all of them might not do a lot at a scene. I like the day to night environment although would be great to see some weather changes and weather related calls. The passing of the time is a bit too fast for my liking, perhaps a ""realistic time"" might be in the making? Overall I am optimistic about this game as it does have the potential to be very good. The criticisms might outweigh the positives for now, but in the upcoming months I'm sure it'll change. This is a game you must at least follow and see the changes implemented.Video below shows my gameplay over 24hrs in-game timehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IP3ZEtBUuXA"
,Recommended,491530,26524037,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Kasey the Wolf,"UPDATE:Many of the bugs, espeicaly AI bugs, are getting fixed and the fire station isn't as much of a lag fest as it was.  There are still issues, but the traffic flows nicely and things generaly arn't as bad as they were.  So my recomendation stands.This is a long review so here’s a TL;DR. Notruf 112 is buggy, but the bugs didn’t totally stop me from enjoying the game.I’ve been following this game for a while.  I’ve long desired a good, detailed firefighting simulator that didn’t look or play horribly.   Crenetic and Aerosoft finally release the game I’ve always wanted.  The overall detail is excellent and being able to physically remove equipment and actually be able to use the equipment in a simish way is brilliant, something other fire sims totally fail at.  The game play is also great in that it provides varied, random missions and they are a blast to play, ranging from oil spills to major fires.  The missions can end pretty quick and I wouldn’t mind a longer fire, something that could take an hour lets say.  Just something to slow the action down a bit.  Since it’s an open world sandbox this would be great addition.  Speaking of, the game being an open world is great too since you’ll possibly never end up in the same place twice.  Sometimes it feels like there’s too much of a break between missions though.  To sum up, this is everything I wanted in a fire sim.Despite the game hitting all the right points with game play, it is fairly buggy at the moment, but the devs are supposedly working on it, so as long as they get them fixed I don’t feel I can complain too much about them.  A few examples through my first hour:  Traffic not moving when the intersection light turns green, causing AI emergency vehicles to get stuck and not return to the station, and you having to return to the main menu to start again because you can’t get new missions!  In another case I responded to a truck fire, which wasn’t on fire, but evidently was because the AI put it out.  Another had most of the AI crew of LF24 truck I was using cycling through removing and replacing equipment while another AI crew member was opening and shutting the equipment doors for the same equipment the other AI were cycling through!  Another case was a truck fire not being extinguished.  As you can see, the bugs can range from annoying to fairly hilarious.  In general, the AI seems to be the biggest flaw.  Please get it fixed Crenetic!!Although this is a small thing, having pedestrians walking the streets can actually add a lot to making the game feel alive.  Hopefully when the bugs are taken care of the devs could consider adding them.Graphics are okay, the fire trucks look outstanding, the Mülheim fire station is very well detailed.  The town of Mülheim itself is passable, but can look very flat and sparse in some cases, but for the most part it’s detailed well enough that it looks like a town (although I’d like some pedestrians).  Inside buildings and rooms, they look decent enough, but consistent with the flat look of Mülheim.  Fighting fires in them is pretty awesome though, so I can’t complain too loudly.One major thing about the Mülheim fire station is that it seems to be a black hole for FPS and can be a major source of slow downs, even on my GTX 970 PC I’ll drop down to at least 18 FPS where as looking away from the station it’s been up to 60 FPS, with a 40+ average.  Since I’m commenting on graphics issues, here’s something else. Some sections of the fire station will loose the interior walls and you can see through them until you get closer.  Same thing with emergency vehicles, causing the firemen models to drive around in the distance like they’re in the ‘invisible boat mobile’ from Spongebob!  Windows will go solid until you get closer and then are transparent.I can recommend this game for simulator fans since the devs have really made this a top notch fire simulator that goes above all others, but I cautiously recommend it since the bugs and slow downs may put off some players.I enjoy the game despite it’s flaws, but if you don’t think you’ll be able to enjoy it then consider my recommendation a thumbs down instead."
76561198116082152,Recommended,491530,28871051,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Mr_Nicoll,"Now, usually German simulators don't have a good track-record, and subsequently are just horrible. However!Nortuf 112- The firefighting simulator has done pretty well!Understandably, there are a few bugs, glitches and areas of improvement- which I'm confident that the development team will take forth and work to rectify and improve irregardless.Performance and detail wise- the game has some minor optimisation work to be done to it, improvements here and there- however the attention to detail, equipment and operational procedures is amazing- well done I have to say!Missions are varied, the equipment and vehicles that can be used all serve different purposes and overall, you can pick/choose who you want to be- and what role you want to delegate (You can select a team member enroute/during a mission) and get some variation in what happens- some are rather monogomous with the same role each time. Whereas some vary depending on emergency type.All I would suggest is adding in the factor of you- yourself being in control of the situation, taking actions you want to take- not all emergencies (e.g. false alarm) don't require ALL the vehicles in the fleet to respond. Whereas a house-fire requires more than 1 vehicle, as opposed to a single quick-response vehicle. In short, you respond, and from there call-out what vehicles you require to the scene. Simple.However, overall, it's a great game, enjoyable, slightly tedious with some further optimisation work to be done and improvements performance wise- as well as some aspects of conflict/error to be resolved. But, I have to say for a German simulator- it's done tremendously well!"
,Recommended,491530,26992893,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MFD 1316,"Hello there! I just have to say that this is the best Fire/rescue game on the market. not only is it better than and more polished than any of the other Fire simulators, but this one can actually be called a ""simulator"" I definately recommend this game to anyone that enjoys fire department role play!"
76561198240596428,Not Recommended,491530,32895065,Posted: 27 June,all,RakiTaki,"The game has been out for ~8Months and there's not much that's been added nor changed. .ProsNicefunctionalfiretrucksGood vehicle handlingConsIncredibly buggy gameDead city (even though they added their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ peds)Unity standard fire asset -.-Re-tar-ded AI*Boring short missions 3-5minGreedy devs.Every damn mission is less than a block away from the station, i could fkn walk there.Dead gray lightning.The list goes on*When you get the to the scene the ai just stands there looking into my soul. And while you're waiting for a call they are walking into walls and so on.DO NOT BUY"
76561198002782929,Not Recommended,491530,32061671,Posted: 30 May,all,michelgubbels,"Saving a game is still not possible. When I want to save to game and I load it, it just starts at 7.00Am."
,Not Recommended,491530,31321188,Posted: 23 April,all,Trash,"Do not buy this game, i ignored the reviews and i was wrong to do so....It's not worth it especially for £20 and it was on sale..."
76561197978761463,Recommended,491530,26522400,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Jor,"Finally it got released! After a year or so of delaying the release date, Emergency call 112 The fire fighting simulation is finally here! I honestly thought the game was never gonna see the daylight. I woke up this morning even thinking about it, i knew it was suppose to get released by the end of this year but figured it would be delayed again. Imagine my surprise when i saw the game this morning in steam, i didn't hestitate to buy it, been following it since the announcement and it sounded promising.So is it delivering? Yes, yes it does. In Emergency call 112 you play as a firemen in a firebrigade, unlike other fire fighting simulators you actually have a team of AI around you that do their thing. You don't feel alone and you don't have to do things you don't like. You can switch to any team member in the squad you decided to pick. The AI handles the rest. It gives a immersive experience as well as you not having to do boring things like connecting hoses (unless you like it offcourse) and such.The graphics look good, the detail on the vehicles is amazing, from the suspension when driving, accelerating, turning corners, etc, to the equipment bays on the trucks. So many things can be pulled open, taken out, and used. It looks amazing. The playground is variated, from city blocks to highways. It is amazing how every part in the city can become a scenario, in theory atleast. That said i did have a scenario at the same location twice in a row, only difference was that one time it was a burning truck and the other time a burning car.The buildings don't look to amazing either, but nothing that breaks my immersion, i still like what they done with the city.Fire itself doesn't look amazing, it looks like some old bitmap put on a object, how ever from what i heard the fire would spread around more realisticly then the other Fire fighter games.With all the Immersion i'm not bothered with some things not looking amazingly realistic. We got to keep in mind that this game didn't have the budget like Battlefield 1 for example.After many crappy made simulators with crappy graphics, this one really looks amazing and I'm glad to see that Aerosoft has began to release better looking games (Fernbus Simulator looks pretty too).Are there bugs? Yes, there are. Sadly so, and there is some room for polish in the game. Not everything has been translated, so you see some translation errors here and there. For example in a line they wrote down ""und"" instead of ""and"". Not a major issue but sometimes you also get a order, and it doesn't fit in the order bar so you have no idea what they want from you.The worst bug i encountered is that i can't finish my mission. No matter what it keeps saying ""Wait for instructions"" and nothing happening. Or as shown in my linked video, the game not registering your objective very well so you end up in a loop that makes it unable to complete the mission. However I'm sure these things will be ironed out and they don't happen all the time.Would i recommend this game? Yes, if you like Emergency simulators or a big fan of Fire Fighters, then this is a game you will enjoy. It is more realistic then most ""simulators"" that you find here on steam. You have protocols to follow and with that the game is a bit more slow paced, i like that, so keep that in mind. You don't run around shooting at fires and there isn't a big story going on. You go from callout to callout. Each with different objectives and equipment for you to play with.Gameplay video:https://youtu.be/bp36N8mgVXE"
76561198151384510,Recommended,491530,30361167,Posted: 6 March,all,BigEggy,"Realistic Fire fighing game. At the moment, the calls are very limited. What I love about this game the most is, It has potential. Looking forward to this game becoming what the delevopers are trying to make it.. If that makes sense. :)"
,Not Recommended,491530,26538293,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,[RDC] Knight_Parsifal [BE],Just to buggy to release
76561198034935053,Not Recommended,491530,26697259,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Jennifer Aniston,The game has some nice features but is not ready for sale. A lot of bugs and crashes happen during the game. I also think this game is not worth the price!
,Recommended,491530,32772082,Posted: 25 June,all,Colberr,Although there is some small bugs here and there this is a really fun game to play and the multiplayer has great potential
76561198146013517,Recommended,491530,29831900,Posted: 10 February,all,FULL TIME WAR SNIPER,Top Game
,Not Recommended,491530,31272394,Posted: 21 April,all,CHGamer,"Where should I start.1. The trailer is missleading as ♥♥♥♥.2. There are bugs worse than ever.3. The mission sometimes just freezes. (Not the game, the mission freezes)4. As some of the bugs (ex. falling trough the floor) made the game unplayable,I did ask for a refound or some ""help"" from the customer support..They stopped responding. And never got a thing.5. The bot AI is just straight from♥♥♥♥♥Don't know anything for this list now.But I'm sure there's more.~~ Not Recommended ~~"
,Not Recommended,491530,32411662,Posted: 14 June,all,Barukuma,"I played this game for about an our and a half now.The concept of this game is a very good idea but it feels very much as a beta version.For a beta version I feel this is too expensive, 15euro would have been acceptable in my opinion.But I also realize is the game designers continue to work hard this can become an amazing game in the future.Sadly enough, it is not yet reached it potential.So to the game designers, please work hard and don't disappoint me."
,Not Recommended,491530,26530927,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Gibson,"Would be a fun game if there weren't so many bugs. The AI just get's stuck all the time making the missions annoying having to switch through all of the AI manually in order to find out who is stuck. Took me literally 25 minutes to find out what AI was stuck on the first mission. This game is at best in Early Access, it's in no way a finished game, and they are working on DLC? lol.Just another Cash Grab Buggy Simulator Game.I don't recommend wasting your money. Maybe on a sale of 75% or more."
76561198066225812,Recommended,491530,28916287,Posted: 1 January,all,Microsoft Defender,Fun and realistic. I believe this game good become much better if its uptaded regularly with good content
76561197988209401,Not Recommended,491530,29893063,Posted: 12 February,all,Gainer .44,"I cannot recommend this game, it has wayyyy too many bugs for full released game. Sometimes it is unplayable"
76561198010578613,Not Recommended,491530,26531500,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Indianapolis Jones,"The only way you could justify calling this game a simulator is if you consider the challenge of making the game work gameplay.CONSTANT game breaking bugs- freezing, AI pathfinding quitting, GPS not working, and missions not advancing to name a few.Save function doesn't seem to workOptimization is horrendous. FPS stutters consistantly on all settings. By the way,  don't bother changing the settings in the launcher, they'll be set to default once you get in the game.Textures are abysmal. Fire textures look like clip art sprites. Draw distance is around 10 feet.Gameplay is just bad. Trucks drive a little like shopping carts, but on an ice rink.If the game were optimized and bugs were fixed, it would be playable. Maybe even enjoyable. But for now, it's a scam. There isno waythis game is worth anywhere near $35. Go support EmergeNYC instead."
76561198027466041,Not Recommended,491530,29014263,Posted: 4 January,all,Swampylaban,"This game is not even close to being a product that should be considered released yet. This game shows clear signs of being a game that is in a very early alpha game with horrible performance, a dreadfull menu that hides the cursor if you make changes which means ALT+F4 is what you have to do to get further, Bad AI behaviour, a town with almost no life at all, bugs everywhere, trucks handling like they are on ice and last but not least it´s 30€.Don´t buy this game unless it´s on sale. I really hoped it was a good game but it just isn´t, it´s a bad game."
,Not Recommended,491530,34079003,Posted: 7 August,all,AL3XAND_3R,"The game is okay, but the sensitivity is horrible, and from what I know you can't change the mouse sensitivity. The game would be better if the sensitivity was less."
76561197998918324,Not Recommended,491530,30010315,Posted: 18 February,all,Scylla,"Pros:Good conceptCons:Everything-- awful execution.There are so many bugs in this game I haven't completed a mission in about 20-25 tries because one of the AI spazzes out or something. ""Wait for further instructions"" they say... yet instructions never come. Some games are put out early to get an idea as to the tastes of the population playing them... this game was put out early to take your money. Hasn't been fixed in over 4 months... same♥♥♥♥♥♥every time.DO NOT BUY."
,Not Recommended,491530,28872529,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,The Piano Man,Full of glitches and errors. I have never been able to complete a mission.
76561198008542423,Not Recommended,491530,29162516,Posted: 10 January,all,Krakmud,"After some 11ish hours or so of playing, I have to say. Do not get this game, just dont.It has some good sides to it.But they are far to few to balance up all of the game breaking bugs that this game has.To be fair, it is an awesome alpha software, but a ready game? No, not at all.After each and every mission I go to, I have to restart the game, becaus I cant end the missions.The ladder truck bugs constantly, leaving me stuck in a horrible loop of an epilepsy enducing ladder-ride.And on every other call-out or so, the crew just stands around and does absolutly nothing at all.And forget about being able to pack up the hoses, you better hope that you like running around with a hose in you hand for the rest of the day.The very few good things about this game, are far to few to out-weigh the negativs, and I have to tell you all.Do not waste your money on this game, becaus it isnt even at an alpha stage, and yet they claim it to be a finnished product."
,Not Recommended,491530,26546713,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,daveroverts,"Game crashes after you press New Game, it's clearly not ready yet"
76561198020374336,Not Recommended,491530,32506716,Posted: 17 June,all,Welshowl,Nice idea but so dull & boring!!!
76561198313503085,Recommended,491530,35185647,Posted: 24 September,all,Daycraft,Einer der geilsten spiele everone of the best gams ever
76561198269412711,Recommended,491530,28836896,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ILOVEGASSINGJEWS,you get to put fires out
,Not Recommended,491530,26554852,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,picturefile01,i like the game on a basic level but it had some issues that i hated like mouse sensitivity was intense and then there was no option to enable enlish subtitles will revise if issues are fixed
76561198137272714,Recommended,491530,28781591,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Retarded Ninja Star,Everything is great so far and ot has a great potential!! The game just needs a bit more optimization and major work on the AI.
,Not Recommended,491530,30802259,Posted: 28 March,all,Faceless,"Nice try, but released to soonI think the game is on a great way, but to be honest, it was released waaay to soon. It has the worst performance i have ever seen, gta 5 runs on 70 fps on medium/high settings, and this would run some emergencys only at 10 fps.I think the developers need to put way more time into it, more cars, more emergencys, maybe a small campaign with some extra emergencys?As soon as they  do what they wanted, to make a great game with a great engine and alot of different stuff to do, i will buy it again, but it is a refund for now."
,Not Recommended,491530,29856181,Posted: 11 February,all,[SPARTA] Gumball,"I really hate this because everytime i click ""start game"". It shuts down the game and says theres an error. so i dont recommend this, but it might work for you. (I was even hyped for this game/)"
,Recommended,491530,30463316,Posted: 11 March,all,Nacht-Wut,Top notch game but I can not see the fire(I can not see it but the npc can so it's definitely there). Being able to see fire are is kind of important in a fire fighting sim
,Recommended,491530,30745973,Posted: 26 March,all,bob,Great Game with good graphics best firefighter simulator that is out there we Just need MP now
76561198085236914,Recommended,491530,33908524,Posted: 30 July,all,~TheCancerousMeme~,"well what can I say about this game?-Pros-Good vehile design-Light works beautifully-Sounds working properly-easy player picking different person for different vehicle and job-ConsWELL WELL WELL ... hehe lots of cons tbh-Can be a bit buggy sometimes ( not often )-AI can be a♥♥♥♥♥♥sometimes (not often) for example when you're heading off to an emergency place/area, you use ur siren and all but they won't go away from the fire station so..well I have to hit them xD-Less job (in my view)-Could use some improvement with the game map (e.g. senery.)(if they can design the fire trucks really nice and have lots of details in/on it...well they should fix the senery. More nature and mission.I would recommand it..well lets say 50/50 because of the price..I mean I think this game is only worth like 30 bucks at best if not 25 bucks..but oh well...what can I do.Recommandation - hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm meh try it you can always refund the game before 2 hours."
76561198184767138,Recommended,491530,33287371,Posted: 5 July,all,rob.riley11,fantastic but new vehicle KEF has not come on to the game yet and it says that you need to buy it is this true
76561198292268222,Recommended,491530,33199649,Posted: 3 July,all,MattyMerecat,Great game
,Recommended,491530,31382417,Posted: 26 April,all,TeamMasterGaming Youtuber,I like the game soo much but you need to add more update to it and make more vehicle and make it more op
76561198363390123,Recommended,491530,32605058,Posted: 20 June,all,romano97,mijn beeld kwa het beginnen is nog kleiner als een mier hoe weet ik niet maar kan ik dit fixen  zo ja hoe???????
76561198169795461,Recommended,491530,32552359,Posted: 18 June,all,Tyrone Hays,Could be better. But its still the best fire simulation out there.
,Recommended,491530,26617740,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,-QOP- Dorian,"It's buggy, but really fun!"
76561198124989040,Recommended,491530,26625018,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,mad man,the game is in development you can NOT judge the game on the current status. If you enjoy firefighting games i do recommend this game
76561198242710626,Recommended,491530,31828880,Posted: 18 May,all,Fireman462,i love this game and it is so much fun to play
76561198194880562,Recommended,491530,34906839,Posted: 12 September,all,gcookscotland,"Fun game/sim, has some issues but for the most part works fairly well and tries to walk you thru the game but does get confusing at times but it you take time to learn the different jobs and what each firefighter job is it does get easier with time."
76561198027149651,Recommended,491530,26528112,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,geloxo,"Great concept, the best interaction and procedures I have seen so far and a lot of simulation potential, if it finally gets multiplayer. But I didn´t like the gameplay that much because the graphics look as a 90s era game engine, very flat and lacking detail and some environmental effects. The fire physics are superb, but please change the textures to something more high detailed. They are a joke! And some voice recording would be great as well. I felt myself alone in the dark while playing :-PDespite some already described bugs by other users I liked it a lot, honestly. Now please improve it and take my money when you want for future expansions, as the idea is brilliant :-)"
76561198107527606,Not Recommended,491530,26590924,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,danielmoakes,"This game could be really good. However, there are loads of bugs. I mange to do one call and that was it. I had to come out of the game and start again. I've did different missions and they are really good, but the game is ready to be sold. If the fixed all the bugs this game could be amazing. But, at the moment it isnt the best."
,Not Recommended,491530,29048952,Posted: 5 January,all,UK_l0nd0nerupnorth,"What a let down, terrible graphics, even worse controls, instructions that often mean nothing and no hint in the book! can't finish missions because I have no idea what to do and nothing happens unless you do what it's telling you to! Typical Aerosoft rubbish unfortunatly :("
,Not Recommended,491530,29553455,Posted: 28 January,all,b1rdx,Pretty good game except they require a higher gpu for fire if you on a lappy which makes the game pretty much not playable no fires what so ever if that is this case as it was for me.
,Not Recommended,491530,31286531,Posted: 21 April,all,ostap,"has a few bugs/hangssluggish movement and actions (need to be crisp and fast in an action game like this)potato graphicsnot entirely user friendly(probably unfinished)soundscape is boring, (it's a beaufiful echoey firestation full of cool kit, why does it sound horrible?) downtime is boring (add some minigames, music, conversations or whatever)runs fine as of current buildfun, full bodied simulationexcellent potentialcan't recommend today even at 25% off but it has excellent potential and i'll keep playing, hope they'll flesh it out.only get it if this kinda thing is such a draw to you you can forgive the quirks"
,Recommended,491530,31910144,Posted: 22 May,all,[IFN] Kade [SMOD],Really good game.
,Recommended,491530,34639228,Posted: 31 August,all,Pavelk2000 | Pvpro.com,Good game
76561198112697959,Recommended,491530,34706422,Posted: 3 September,all,Bulldog Designs,Very well made game can only fualt a few thing like little bugs etc but overall the game is great!
76561198331467067,Recommended,491530,34947197,Posted: 14 September,all,indominusjack13,great game definatly worth it
,Recommended,491530,26528147,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,FrenchBaguette,"I have been playing firefighting simulation games for a long time (My brother is a firefighter) and this simulator is THE BEST frefighter simulator existing. Yes, there a glitches, very annoying but when things get fixed this game will be beautiful"
,Recommended,491530,34138889,Posted: 9 August,all,RedFang,Love Emergency Call 112 with all of my heart can't wait for the android game of Emergency Call 112
76561198056814955,Not Recommended,491530,26578020,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,userneeded,"game crashes when i try and start it, dont buy this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ sim"
76561198359711968,Not Recommended,491530,30063213,Posted: 20 February,all,connorh2812,the game did not work
76561198299533309,Recommended,491530,28232059,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,[FL:RP] kfir-gg,yesssssssssssssss
,Recommended,491530,31270856,Posted: 21 April,all,NEV3RDROPTHESOAP,great game
,Not Recommended,491530,26703443,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,beast902,english translation please
76561198307903932,Not Recommended,491530,28669413,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,xolbooter,This game got alot of bugs you can't even play a mission before you get stuck. :/ I wan't an refund!
76561198281404937,Not Recommended,491530,26519482,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,jrj04021994,dont get this so called simulator it takes for ever to load and when you finaly get on to the game it is very slow please fix the problems or i want my money back
76561198063795675,Recommended,491530,26721320,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Quattro10V,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MCqqIkCO0KQ- Here's an example ofjust one of the decent number of calls you can attend.I'm jumping straight into this here. The game is in early development. In my opinion, it should not have been released as it's full price of £26.99, but I can understand why Aerosoft have done that. I do feel that the game has a lot of potential and IF, as promised, development continues, then we will have a fantastic game with loads of possibilities and loads of players.Mods would be an awesome thing to see in this game, as a lot of firefighting is done similarly across the world and for those from the UK, such as myself, or other European countried, it would be wonderful for us to be able to have something closer to home to attend incidents with!The game is, I feel, poorly optimised. I ended up forking out £260 on a new graphics card, which granted, I did need anyway; whilst that was the case, I did do it a day after realising that Notruf 112 really needed some graphics memory.Enough rambling on: if you love the look of this game when watching YouTube videos, chances are, you'll enjoy playing it."
76561198097523510,Not Recommended,491530,29108504,Posted: 7 January,all,TonySoldier319,"I cannot write an overly negative review about this game, even though I can't really enjoy it until they fix it. I have too many lag issues with this game. I lag so hard that I can finish 1 mission per hour. Even when I have the lowest settings, it is still unbearable. Now on the bright side, the game has a lot of cool features.Pros- Good realism- Great simulation of a German Fire Brigade.- Great equipment and AI.Cons- Extreme Lag- Pure German voice acting- Did I mention lag?I do not recommend purchasing this game unless you have some sort of NASA supercomputer or they fix this mess."
76561198379601603,Recommended,491530,32135839,Posted: 2 June,all,n0ice,its really a big lag for me can you help me  give some  help
76561198378480048,Recommended,491530,32133121,Posted: 2 June,all,ruairi.donnelly,Lots of fun though not very fulfilling. Some glitches where your fireman can't put his gear back in the engine. The game would be much improved if this was fixed. 8/10.
,Recommended,491530,33157091,Posted: 2 July,all,Gabriel,"Like other people said in the comments, this is probably the best firefighter simulation game. Other then that it has its optimization issues like any other german game. But it iif you like the theme, overlook the graphics and  the 20 fps. If you don't, then give it a pass becasue it may be quite boring and frustrating."
,Recommended,491530,33230819,Posted: 4 July,all,ThatTom,Notruf is a difficult game to give a review about as it is a good game however it is fun and enjoayable and very interactive however it has bugs and lots of them but from what I have seen chnages have to been made to the game to resolve some of them as well as making the game more playable the game is also very unoptamized running fairly badly on the lowset settings possible on my PC which runs most game well. However I recommend it if you are looking for a good game that has a lot of possibility in the future.
,Recommended,491530,33375040,Posted: 8 July,all,[ESAU] OblongGaming,"Hi team who made Notruff 112i would like to see more callouts in Notruf 112, but also have the option to respond to medical emergencies too, also would like to see the container truck as a dlc with its own missions, just like the KEF dlc that was released recently as the container truck is already in game.regards OblongGaming"
,Recommended,491530,26560599,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,edvaldofarias,"It is a very promising game, fun, exciting ... Still needs adjustments, but I recommend this game because of the producers' promise to solve problems and evolve the game ..."
,Recommended,491530,26546670,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Road Runner,Ok after playing for a few hours and with the patches coming I start to like it.There is a possibilty that this is getting a great game.Do you need to buy it now depends on you as I see it is in Alpha stage and needs improvement but the basics are there and it is playble for the most part.Will keep it and see how it go's from here.
76561198029432529,Recommended,491530,26547766,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,GB88,"--------------------------------UPDATE------------------------------20.12.2016*Devs are hard at work and fixing it fast.It is a lot better compared to release state, alot of bugs are fixed so the game is actually playable now.They are preparing MULTIPLAYER feature (currently only in beta branch).AI is almost perfect now (still minor problems)So I am recommending it from now on.--------------------------------UPDATE------------------------------I was really excited for this game.But there is no atmosphere in the game (no music, no fire sounds, no radio chatter,no chatter in the     vehicle on route to emergency, no nothing)...also bugs bugs... bugs (a lot less bugs since release)-//FIXED// AI gets broken to fast, I can't play one whole ingame day withoutsomething going terribly wrong (crash or broken IA) //FIXED//-City is basic and feels empty.-It is EA quality.Game has really great detailed fire trucks and driving is great."
,Recommended,491530,31418100,Posted: 28 April,all,cwoolman94,"Best firefighter Simulator Yet!!Love the graphics and fire physics, would like to see more events and also more firefighters doing something other than standing around. Would like to see large fires and accidents as well as small incidents that utilise all unit's.On a whole great game and can't wait to see more updates!"
,Recommended,491530,33041413,Posted: 30 June,all,BiTMAP,"This game is actually much better then it looks. The controls are tight and very responsive, you may stand around for a bit but you're always told what to do, and as emergencies come you start to learn what you'll need to do, and learn to jump to the right guys to have the most fun.There are some bugs but they're not show stopping, and they seem to be addressed in the beta.Some of the art is a bit lower resolution but it still feels great."
76561198390423276,Recommended,491530,33507770,Posted: 13 July,all,bobbynightingale22,good game the fire engines are good i really like LF54 and DLK ELW
76561198019202718,Not Recommended,491530,26585779,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,robert,So the game release unfinished. they made improvement but it still needs lots of work.  Instead of fixing it they deciced to work on a new dlc of one vehicle and handfull mission.  Never mind they claim teh game is open world with events every.  but in all my game time.  I had five differnt missions in five different places.   Which getting boring.So releasing a unfinished game strike onereleasing a dlc before finishing the game strike two.Wanting almost half the price of said unfinished game over $15 dollar for a vehicle and handfull of new missions>?   STrike three.Avoid this game before the developer and publisher stop trying to fleece people intrested in emergency game.   Go take a look at EMERGENYC or wait for fighte fighter 2017.  But this game appears dead.  It been over a month since the last beta branch patch the main game has not seen a patch in  three months.  SO unless your running the beta you still have bugg crappy game.  And beta.  It only a bit better.
