user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198161341149,Recommended,491950,32198180,Posted: 5 June,all,Floppy Disk,"ORWELL, what a great gamepros:- AMAZING story- Gameplay is interesting- I like the artstyle- The featured characters are fleshed out- High and consistant frames- Definetly worth the pricecons:- 4+ hours of gameplay- Not much replay-ability"
,Recommended,491950,26584843,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,lura laura lure-ah,"I'll be honest, when I purchased Orwell I did so on a steam sale, as my expectations of this game were not high. I thought that this would be the game you ""play for a few hours because you bought it and it's kind of OK, and maybe you'll finish it in a few months, but in reality you never will and every-single-time you see the game in the library you'll think ""Oh, better finish that!"" and then feel guilty for spending the money, but at least you got it on a sale!"" kind of game.I did not expect to be sitting at the edge of my seat every Thursday for a new episode, grieving over the things that happen to the lives I'm invading and battling with my own morals and conscience half the time. Orwell, seriously, has become one of my top 5 favorites. As devoted fan of ""Life is Strange"", I didn't think Orwell would emotionally capture me the same way I felt in that game, but I'd say it has. You become familiar and interested in the lives you investigate, almost personalizing them to your own life and experiences in ways I didn't think were possible.Now for the Tl;dr:ProsAmazing storyline - keeps you interested and captivatedUnique format - I've never personally played a game like this before, and the fact it's 'you' controlling the information put into the computer system makes it feel that much more personalized. You start feeling like this is your actual job.Choice based - although some of the storyline is somewhat linear, I have heard of different outcomes for different plotsEmotionally captivating - no spoilers, but you defiitely have your heartstrings tugged at least once or twiceHas replay value - I'm honestly about to start over when I finish this storyline so see how my choices effect gameplay in the end.ConsThe game highlights sections of information that is important to your investigation, and although this is helpful, sometimes I wish that we wouldhaveto read the information and it wasn't highlighted until we asked for a ""hint"" on what information we needed. That may be too difficult to programme, and maybe some people would hate that format/idea, but I think it would add more value in terms of gameplay.Overall, this game is a solid 5/5 for me!"
76561197974793790,Recommended,491950,26270796,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,YotsuMD,"It's 5 minutes into the future, in a fictional nation where you have just joined a secret government organization whose job it is to gather information, sometimes publicly available, sometimes deeply private and personal, and use it to prevent and solve crime.Your job is to rifle through this information and pass snippets of it that you deem important to the case over to your superiors, who will constantly give you feedback and requests for more. It doesn't take long before you realize that this is a horrible system where your personal opinions and feelings can decide what picture is painted of the people you investigate, and that ""Nothing to hide, nothing to fear"" is as empty and absurd as saying that only troublemakers need freedom of speech or personal lives. And your superiors are constantly suspicious of everyone.Facebook posts deleted after the medicated user had an outburst...nothing to hide, nothing to fear.Take statements out of context and ruin peoples lives with them...nothing to hide, nothing to fear.Cherrypick contradicting statements and go with the interpretation you feel like. Did the attack happen in defense, or out of anger? Nothing to hide, nothing to fear.Cause tension in a relationship by reporting the theft of a credit card that one had willingly lent to the other. Nothing to hide, nothing to fear.Thanks for reading my review, NSA."
,Recommended,491950,28596109,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Sunzo,"Don't read too much about it, just do yourself a favour and go in entirely blind about thestory.Here's the things you need to knowThis isn't like any game you've played before, the gameplay is weird and more or less takes place in a 'super powerful' browser.You are not a hackerYou will liken it to a telltale game, yet it is much more subtle in how it plays.let it move youdon't just read the data chunksbe prepared to read everything, you'll learn more about the story that way.It plays like a bookForgive my excitement and hyping, but it's for good reason.That's all you""need""to know.if you're interested, download the demo and try it out.Also: Cool developers for allowing the game to have a demo which is a fully playable segment of the actual game, and not a controlled showcase."
76561198029549114,Recommended,491950,28160975,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Hyde,">Just wanting to deliver justice and deal retribution>mfw I realize I just became the bad guy of 1984Holy damn, just played this game for the hell of it but boy I can tell you that you can't deny that this concept of a society/government is not that far away from our reality. Sure, it's the old game of weighing safety over freedom but you really get tangled up in the lifes of people. You start to hate them or even like them, feel sorry for them. And you come to a point where you can't control what's happening even when you have this much control. It's bizarre and devastating at the same.9/10 Otter-High-Fives would recommend!"
,Recommended,491950,32382511,Posted: 13 June,all,桃味,"This is what I wrote on my social media right after I had completed Orwell:“There have been occasions when I regretted not having put enough efforts into learning English. And this moment is definitely counted as one of those occasions. If only I had a better command of English, I wouldn’t be at a loss for words now, after having played through this game. There is so much that I want to tell you about it, yet I don’t know how to construct all my thoughts into words. All I can say now is:“This game is brilliant.”Can you feel the enthusiasm there? xDOrwell is a good game. It knows how to build an ambience. It knows how to tell a story. It has characters that are complicated like real people. During the process of uncovering the truth, there were times when I literally dropped my jaw in shock. xD There were also many times when I thought that something must be the truth, and only to realise later that the “truth” I had believed was just one of the many aspects to the big picture. Despite occasional plot holes, this is indeed a game full of thrills.However, I also understand that this game isn’t for everyone. It is very text-heavy, and it took me eight hours to complete my first playthrough. If you do not like games in which you have to read a lot, then this game is probably not for you. This game becomes rather dull if you are just going to skim through everything, drag all highlighted information and drop it into the box on the left of the screen. If you are hesitating about whether to get it, there is a demo version at the bottom of the store page that you should try out before buying."
,Recommended,491950,28213078,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,TheLeonardo,"Do you like Dystopian fiction? Do you like games like Papers, Please? Do you like engaging detective stories? Then this game is for you."
,Recommended,491950,29751469,Posted: 6 February,all,Atarun,"DescriptionOrwell is a visual novel that puts you in the shoes of a Big Brother employee: you are tasked with spying on people and uploading to the system anything suspicious. Unlike most visual novels, you are not presented here with walls of text followed by lists of choices. Rather, your interaction with the game and its unfolding story goes solely through the gimmick of uploading the data chunks you find (or not). By picking among conflicting data chunks or by choosing not to upload some sensitive information, you impact the story in small and big ways.ProsFresh interaction gimmick that goes very well with the themeCredible writing with many characters each having their own style of speechInteresting choices going WAY beyond the good/bad dichotomyDecent art styleFair amount of consequences to choices made, though the game remains linearConsNotification system takes some getting used to (the system will sometimes find old information suddenly relevant, requiring you to regularly browse through the lists of documents to make sure no red star has popped)Because all chats and phone calls are delivered sloooooowly (and I found no way to speed them up), replaying the game to get the achievements or test other choices is a bit of a chorePolitical messages are (very) thinly veiled and might annoy (or even anger?) some playersVerdictDo you hate it when someone tries to convey a political message artistically and ends up as subtle as a bull in a china shop? If so, stay away from this game. You're going to hate it.Still here? OK, here's an idea: put yourself in the shoes of an orwellian enforcer and imagine the consequences of government trampling all over freedom, privacy and presumption of innocence.Interested? Then try Orwell. Go in expecting a fresh visual novel and a politically charged (to the point of being heavy-handed at times) thought experiment. There is much to like."
76561198073404675,Recommended,491950,32833225,Posted: 26 June,all,Hannie Bananie,"This game is fantastic.  It takes the themes expressed in Orwell's 1984 and allows you to take a ""big brother"" role by reading through social media to decide who is responsible for a series events thought to be done by terrorists.  I was on the edge of my seat the whole time, and it also made me think about every action I took.  Did I want to mark this suspect as potentially dangerous based on an altercation she got into a long time ago?  Is this article an accurate depiction of the person she is now?  Actions like these will come back to haunt you based on the outcomes later in the game.Overall, my only complaint with this game is that the ending felt a little too abrupt.  The game is episodic, and the final episode was significantly shorter than every other episode.  Overall, though, I would highly recommend picking this game up."
,Recommended,491950,26529041,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,PopinFRESH,"PrefaceThis review is being written before the conclusion of the game in episode five. I've played through the first four episodes a couple times exploring different outcomes, however, as episode five is not out yet I'm not able to comment on the totallity of the story.The MachineOrwellhas a very closePerson of Interestvibe. The government of the fictitious country has obtained a Machine, or System, that surveils the populous gathering information however it does not act on the gathered information. The idea of the game is that the system, aptly namedOrwell, isn't able to decern human subtlety, sarcasim, or deciet. As such, the fictious government hasoutsourcedthe task of resolving conflicts in the data, and identifying what is relevant and what is not. You as the player take on this role as an outsider to the country, tasked with sifting through the data thatOrwellgives you access to inorder to identify person(s) of interest. This is a role somewhat likePerson of Interest's Harold Finch.WhatOrwellIs NotI've seen several complaints that the game isn't challenging enough, many comparing it to several ""hacker simulators"" such asHacknetorUPLINK. On the surface the concept might seem somewhat similar to games such as these, however, this is not whatOrwellis. In this game you are not doing any ""hacking"" or ""cracking"", that isOrwell's job. You are more of a data analyst telling a hacker, that happens to be a computer system, what data is relevant and linked to certian people. Treating it in the same vein as other ""hacker simulators"" isn't fair to the game and if that is what you are expecting, you will be dissapointed.WhatOrwellIsSo ifOrwellisn't a ""hacker simulator"" what is it? I've also seen the categorization as a ""visual novel"" which is much closer to what this game is. The game play is reminiscent ofChoose Your Own Adventurebooks some of you might have read as a child. As such, the outcomes that occur in the game depend on what data you choose to ""flag"" or ""link"" to someone as relevant. This process will estabilsh relationships between persons of interest that may uncover new motivations, or might change the context of the data you have available. The game is about you being the guiding hand for a surveillance system tasked with preventing & solving crime.ProsInteresting visual styleEnjoyable storyline that feels very linear (as it should), but leaves you with a sprinkling of ""what if"" moments where you feel things could have been different.Fairly Intuitive gameplay.ConsSomewhat short, although there is some replay value if you want to try to achieve different outcomes from prior play through(s)You aren't able to link data to someone untilOrwellidentifies it as potentially relevant.You aren't able to revise or change ""known"" data based on new informationYou aren't able to alter ""data conflicts"" if you find additional informationNo ""Save Game"" system, uses the idea of profiles instead to allow for differing play throughsConclusionThe game is a fun and enjoyable experience if you do not have unrealistic expectations of what the game is and what the gameplay is like. It offers an interesting and thought provoking social commentary on the age of information technology that we live in. The game presents the idea of freedom & privacy -vs- surveillance & security in an interesting and fairly balanced way. If you actually think about what you are doing moment-by-moment in the game, you will likely find yourself re-evaluating your thoughts on these topics. That isn't to say this game is going to challenge your views or change your mind, simply that you will likely find yourself thinking about these topics and why you hold your views on these topics.If you enjoy naritive driven experiences this game will likey fit well in your games library. While there are some things the game could certianly do better I didn't find these issues to detract significantly from the games main draw for me, it's story & premise. I would like to see the game updated with some sort of ""Save Game"" system that would allow you to ""branch off"" after each chapter within a single profile. This would make exploring different outcomes easier, howerver, I also can see that this goes against the linear nature of the games concept. The game strives to make you feel like you are participating in the events, that are time bound and as such linear in nature, which have consequences.Overall I'm enjoying the game and would recommend it to those who enjoy adventure games, visual novels, and mysteries. This isn't really a problem/puzzle solving game (like a ""hacker simulator"") so if that is what you are looking for you may wish to pass on this game. I definitely recommend it for what it is and I'm really looking forward to the culmination of these events in episode five."
76561197993392850,Recommended,491950,30935366,Posted: 3 April,all,Joe Pesci,"Just a friendly reminder that game demos actually exist in the current year. Scroll up and to the right and click ""Download Demo"". You can try it before you buy. You should buy it though because it is a great game."
76561197970425841,Recommended,491950,26274245,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Llamageddon,"This is a very hard game to pin down but is kind of like Uplink meets Papers Please with a visual novel style. It really does a great job of defying easy classification and it is brilliant at embracing moral ambiguity. There are a lot of times when there is no clear right answer and you have to go with your gut or personal moral compass rather than playing a clearly good/evil role as a player. I will be very interested to see where the story goes as it is being released in episodes, but so far I think George would be pleased to have this game to his name."
,Recommended,491950,26703528,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Bad Whippet,"Welcome to Orwellian Big Brother where every action by every citizen of ""The Nation"" is captured and recorded, and where citizens can be arrested for even the slightest transgression or declaration of anti-Orwell thoughts against The Nation.  You have been recruited by the government as one of its anonymous investigators who must dissect pertinent data and upload this to the government affiliate working with you to prevent a series of terrorist attacks that have been taking place.  Your affiliate can only act on the information you provide (they have no access to the information you have) so your choices matter!The interface is a joy: very simple and clean, everything very obvious, and the game leads in with a simple tutorial to introduce you to your three tools of Orwell.  On one side of the screen you can open a person's profile to see what information you've gathered on them, and on the other will be their calls messages and mail, with potentially-relevant text highlighted in blue for you to choose whether to add to a person's profile (it cannot be undone if you make a mistake).  You will have to discern who's telling the truth or not, and sometimes you don't have enough information to be 100% sure.  Drag information to a person's profile to attach it to them, and hope you've made the right decision because there is no way to undo this action.The game would best be described as a combination of simulation, visual novel and point-and-click, but it carries none of the downsides of these games.  Any reading to be done is short, brief and well written, it's really simple to play, and what you can click on is limited to small nuggets of information that the Orwell system deems potentially relevant (and you must decide whether this will help or hinder the government in thwarting the terrorism).  It's not a difficult game, but it's gripping and all too easy to implicate the wrong individual.  At the end I saw the mistakes I'd made.  The best of it is that I somehow suspected that some information was not right as I was playing, but felt compelled to upload it anyway!  My bad!  Replayability is there because there are different outcomes along the way.  The ending is huge but I cannot tell you a thing about it without spoiling the game, but it is worth reaching.And the soundtrack is amazing.  It's the first time I've ever bought a soundtrack for a game!If you're unsure, there is a separate playable demo (that's what convinced me to buy the game) and I'm so glad I did.  Yet another great hit for an Indie team who also made the marvellous Hacknet game.  I can't wait to see what Osmotic Studios produce next."
,Recommended,491950,26247765,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Fhqwhgod,"STOP RIGHT THERE CRIMINAL SCUM!You are under arrest. We haven't quite figured out what you did yet but it's only a question of time. We'll find something on your Twitter, your Facebook, your private chatlogs or god forbid even your Tumblr.You'll regret sharing all those cat-pictures!"
,Recommended,491950,30627690,Posted: 19 March,all,yanamal,"ohh this is really, really well-done. To a large extent, this is what I've always wanted from a mystery game: being able to/having to think and reason for yourself, draw conclusions, then have them reflect in the game - rather than being taken through a sequence of 'revelations' by the game plot. Partially reminds me of old-school RPGs that didn't write down all the relevant information in the quest log for you and/or spell out the revelations and point you in the right direction - you had to put two and two together yourself. I actually took notes playing this game!Things that made it a good mystery-like experience: Having to make judgement calls based on incomplete information. Occasional moments of adrenaline rush as you make genuinely (as far as I can tell as a player, anyway) time-sensitive calls. Real consequences that you can retroactively attribute to your actions (and adjust your strategy).Story and gameplay integrate together very neatly. The Datachunk mechanic feels a bit hokey at first, until you realize that the system really does require your human judgement, and research beyond the highlighted datachunks, to work well.Technically, this game is probably very easy to ""complete"", but I don't know if I would call any completion ""beating"" it.  I really felt clever when I figured out (part of) the mystery myself, and that actually affected the outcome.Could probably write a whole paper on this game and questions like ""what is winning/losing in a game?"" ""what is or is not gameplay?"" ""who is a villain and who is a hero?""  if one were inclined to write papers about new-media-like subjects."
,Not Recommended,491950,28168658,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Sectus,"A truly interesting and immesive experience for those looking for that 1984, invasive and ever-present governmental feeling from a game. While it provides interesting story and compelling characters, the actual gameplay is severely limited.Pros:Immersive experienceInteresting story with twists and turnsDrives you to truly care about the characters involvedCons:Gameplay severely limited, involves mostly reading and following a storyOne comes to the conclusion that the choices one makes are pointless until the very end of the story; you could watch a YouTuber play it and get the same experience as if you had bought it yourselfDepending on who you are, the price might not be worth itTL;DR: An interesting story + characters, but falls short on gameplay and leaves one disappointed at the end, where it becomes apparent that no choices truly matter until the very end."
,Recommended,491950,31109327,Posted: 12 April,all,Archi,"I'm speechless as in what to say for this game, since the entire story totally got me so hard that I'm quite sad it's >only< 5 hours long.I had quite high expectations, considering the price of the game and the game's length, and I'm very happy to say that Orwell didn't disappoint, not even a little. Episode 1, which is also included in the demo is very short and serves more like a ""tutorial"" than actual gameplay, and after completing it I was afraid that the rest would look similar - nothing like that, all other 4 episodes were so intense and well-written that I immediately went back to my previous happy state and enjoyed my fun.And believe me - I hate all sort of VNs and games with huge amount of text, they're usually boring for me and I quickly lose my interest, that's why I was a bit sceptical at first whether I'm going to enjoy Orwell, but I decided to go with it due to a nice -43% (bundle) discount, and I can say that the experience is well worth the money, even at full price.You should DEFINITELY grab the game if you're interested in all sort of government spying on people, but apart from that it'd be also interesting position for people interested in ""working"" for government in general, doing detective work, connecting various pieces together and enjoying awesome story. In fact, the story is the most polished thing in the entire game, and it's alone worth the time and money spent on the title, that's why I'd recommend this title even for people that expect more gameplay than reading, such as myself.From the bad things, the game can seem a bit too ""casual"", especially for more oldschool gamers like myself - I'd appreciate difficulty setting that would turn off highlighting relevant facts, and definitely allow to jump onto conclusions with only half-available data. Don't get me wrong - the game is awesome and those are not any crucial things that would heavily affect the gameplay, but I kinda miss the option of actually ""losing"", by jumping onto false assumption and getting fired. Losing should definitely be an option here.Overall, I really enjoyed my time, this is at least a 9/10 from me - missing point only for being too casual, although that didn't stop me from enjoying the awesome story that the devs coded for me, since I had a lot of fun. I can definitely recommend the title to everyone!"
,Not Recommended,491950,32190086,Posted: 4 June,all,Tony Pajamas,"It's borderline but I'd lean towards no.Effectively choose your own adventure, with the agency being 'what you leave out' by not reporting it to the agency.The problem is some things are required to be reported to move the plot forward, and those aren't marked in any special way. Thus, there were a few times where I just started reporting everything, even if I wanted to leave it out.Additionally, the plot anded up being ""mass surveillance is bad"" (obviously given the title), but by being ""reports everything"" robot, I caught two mass murderers, and wasted one innocent person's time in jail for a few days. Then I was lectured by a mass murderer and an anti-government hacker for 5 minutes, while waiting for the police to take the murderer away.Somehow the terrible writing has pushed me more towards being pro surveillance lol.Finally, it's really short (3hr), but I got it for 6 bucks, so I think I got my money's worth.Overall like I said really borderline, but I wouldn't recommend it to most people."
,Recommended,491950,31762507,Posted: 14 May,all,Sirius4srs,"I can't imagine the replayability will be very high, but -- the premise of this game is both great and also very important. Working as a covert tech obtaining info publicly available online in order to put together information on suspects/targets can help shed light on just how much personal information is readily available on almost all people this day and age-- even this review. With due diligence, one can find tons of info on just about anyone. It freaks a lot of people out and seeing a Blue's Clue's version (closest analogy I could think of, game is not much like Blues Clues) might help ameliorate that. A popular tactic of authorities of any sort (hiring managers, law enforcement, parents, whatever) is to comb through someone's social media profile. -- and yet apparently people are still taken aback when someone finds and looks through their facebook profile.Anyway... this game addresses a lot of currently important social issues in an engaging and thought-provoking way. It's unique and fun and somehow manages this with being almost entirely text-based."
,Not Recommended,491950,26327418,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,HomelessFish,"I really wanted to give this a positive review, as someone who loves games like this ( Papers Please! being a personal favorite)However, I'm very indifferent due to the lack of content and the seemingly linear focus of the story and the severe lack of challenge ( all your options are highlighted for you)It had a TON of potential and did give a very 1984ish vibe, and I enjoyed the small amounts of content it offered ( 30 minutes an episode?). However if you, like me, go into this expecting a Papers Please! experience you will be severely disappointed.5/10 ( don't buy unless it is on sale is my reccomendation -- or until all episodes have been unlocked for one continuous playthrough)"
76561198160548088,Recommended,491950,26428034,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,TheNumber_T,"How far are you willing to go to protect the populace?Orwellis a “visual novel” style game in which you have the ability to follow cyber-breadcrumbs in order to slowly uncover suspect’s online lives. Your goal? Stop a terrorist organization (?) from bombing public spaces. Your tools? As an agent, you are privy to the entirety of your target’s posts, articles, phone calls, emails, etc. Use this information to reveal more and more relevant webpages and conversations. The catch? You’re overlooked by a supervisor and you must choose what information to upload. This supervisor can only see the bits of information you feed him, so choose wisely or risk ruining an innocent’s life. The challenge? Upload only enough information to gain new leads, but not jump to conclusions.Are you really helping the greater good by invading the privacy of the few? Or have you caused more harm than good, muddling in affairs you should have never been in? Are the internet spies of today, really the superheroes of tomorrow? Find out by stepping into these large, cyber shoes. Act quickly and stop a harmful event in its tracks, or wait it out and discover it was a false alarm. Big brother is watching you. You are watching the people. Lives are on the line. Decide.Then watch as you say,“I never meant for this to happen.”Let me start off this review by saying I’m one who really enjoys a story-based game. I particularly enjoy consequence based story games (likeTelltale). If that’s not your cup of tea, this game is not for you. If you’re still interested, here’s the pros and cons for the game so far.Pros:Interesting social commentary.There’s no denying that this is the age of technology, and with that comes a whole new slew of problems that our forefathers never could have foresaw when drafting the constitution.Orwellheavily and obviously alludes to the current hot topics of freedom of internet access, government access to our personal files and correspondences, and general cyber security we see crop up in the news time and time again.Easy interface.There’s not much to learn but drag and drop. Your un-uploaded data chunks are marked so you don’t lose track of what you’ve read, need to read, and are saving for later.More unique game flow.Events don’t happen unless you upload data chucks, leaving you to explore the branches of plot in whatever order feels natural to you. It does still feel a bit restricted, though, (see “A bit linear, limited” in cons) a perhaps more of a pseudo-free-directional choice. (But isn’t the concept of freedom what this game is all about?)Intriguing artwork.The geometric artistic style lends itself to unconsciously nod its head towards the cyber-oriented world of the game. It ties in beautifully to the theme of the game—from the logo to the interface—without being too aggressive.Cons:A better save system!!Update has added a rewind system, but I have not played sinceI cannot stress this enough. Since this is a consequence-based game, I’d like to be able to start from the end episode one, or so, with my decisions staying the same, and only make changes to my decisions from there out, with my profiles branching out from my first play through plot line. Starting over from the beginning is too much of a grind. Even a way to speed up messaging/call text on the second (and beyond) playthrough would be better for acheivement hunters or people just curious about the other endings. Examples of games with a good save system for this style of gameplay includeA Wolf Among UsandPapers, Please.A bit linear, limited.There were some moments I wish some bit of text was highlighted (you may only drag and upload highlighted data chunks) since I wanted to explore that avenue of inquiry, butOrwellhad other plans. This gave the game a restricted feeling. It does not leave the game open to a world of naturally-occurring red herrings (only game-constructed ones, not user constructed), which I think would have added much more depth to the game. Also, it’s glaringly obvious which pieces of text carry great significance. (Those will be the ones with conflicting evidence) so sometimes the challenge of deciding to report information right away or wait was quite discernible, offering no challenge. Although, I will say that there are a few nuggets of data I uploaded without believing they would have as large of a consequence as they did.Short.There’s only a little over forty minutes of game play per episode, and with five episodes, this leads to roughly four hours of gameplay (assuming you don’t replay events). I follow a rule of thumb of at least $1 to 1 hour of gameplay, so in that regard, it’s a bit pricey. Just wait for a sale.Remark:Play in one sitting(or as close to that as possible, if you don't have a full 4-5 hours to dedicate to one game) The flow and length of the game lends itself to be optimally played in one sitting. Taking a break and not have a comprehensive refresher (like the cinematic playbacks of key choices inTelltalegames) of your choices and actions is jarring to the enjoyment of the storyline in my opinion.Conclusion:I’d recommend buyingOrwellwhen on sale.It has an interesting and captivating storyline, despite some need of polishing. The interface, flow, and artwork lend itself to be an immersive experience into the lives of the people you are spying on to protect. Also, the current social commentary gives a real-world depth to the game. It does feel a bit restricting at times, and the story is short. The save system leaves much to be desired, since I would like to more easily explore all possibilities of my choices. But, despite these factors it was still enjoyable and fun to play."
,Recommended,491950,29122877,Posted: 8 January,all,ChrisLeeNeal,"Orwell is a fun, engaging, clever, brilliant, unique game that I would say is a mix of L.A. Noire, Her Story, Papers Please, and a touch of Telltale Games thrown in.You go about solving a main crime which, along the way, you will discover a group of characters--all suspects. You do this by examining, accessing, reading through, and hacking into many different kinds of online resources (this would be the 'Her Story' aspect of it: A game where you get bits of the story unlocked, piece by piece and out of order, over time). As you go on, you will learn more and more about the suspects and characters and you need to try to figure out what information is relevant and what is not. What points of info is truth and what is false. What bits of knowledge and writings and conjectures are sarcasm or jokes and what is being said with true belief.... (the LA Noire side of it). Can you read between the lines and use logic and intuition to decide what will help you with the case and what may NOT be so smart to share with the database?You see, what you share with the database is totally up to you. This is the TellTale Game and Papers, Please side of it... in Papers, Please, you had the option, sometimes, to break the rules or turn your head to things based on what you believed to be morally right or true..or even just due to personal hunches or gut feelings.  What you choose to forever put into the database will affect the story, characters, and outcomes in a big way...there are multiple ways things could play out depending on if characters are free, in jail, or even killed. Sometimes you even have choices to make in the spur of the moment. Events that will happen in a few minutes (in game time) that you can either stop or allow to happen to see how things play out....but once you choose to document something into the database, the die is cast and you must live with your choices and  then all you can do is sit back and watch things play out and hopefully not live to regret how it all turned out.Would strongly recommend."
76561197993731302,Recommended,491950,32857657,Posted: 27 June,all,NandosEnthusiast,"This is an incredible 'experience' of a game. Very immersive and gripping story right from the get go.Characterisation is superbly done, with regular shifts in opinion of characters based on what they may or may not have done, new information comes to light constantly and you as the PC having to delicately manage your personal opinion against what is 'right' and meting out data that will in turn mete out justice.To some of the other critics here, when looking at the gameplay elements:There is often frustratingly insufficient evidence to go one way or the other on conflicting information -That's the point. There's an allegory here for judicial systems of all stripes, that none have perfect information, even here in the information age.And yes, sometimes you feel the need to submit certain pieces of evidence that aren't in line with the narrative you'd like to create order to progress -That's the point. I felt conflicted and frustrated as a player of thisgame. Imagine the confliction you would have in reality if you knew facts you provide would be wilfully misinterpreted by others to serve their own agenda? To be able to balance such a fine line of generating frustration in a player against the desire to see the story through to conclusion was masterful in my opinion.A beautiful exploration of this very deep, philosophical point - that is matched by the aesthetic and depth of information to wade through in the game.Bravo Surprise Attack Games - Orwell sets the bar in this 'cyperpunk storyteller' that will be difficult to surpass; and I'll definitely look forward to the 'datachunk' that you provide."
,Recommended,491950,29315957,Posted: 17 January,all,Faust,"I've had bad experiences with plot-heavy games. Even Telltale's much celebrated titles did very little for me and have contributed to this theory I've had for a long time to video games, in general, seemed incapable of telling a good story. I've always believed that games were much stronger when focusing on mechanics, and those that sacrificed mechanics in favor of plot would always just create an inferior work compared to books or movies.Orwell is an exception.What at first might strike you as a fairly preachy ""topic of the day"" game managed to surpass all my expectations. From the beginning till the end, Orwell and it's characters captivated me.Orwell is an elegant game. One that understands perfectly how to integrate the agency of it's players to fit into the narrative it's trying to weave, and does so well. Despite the fact that you simply play as a man behind a computer screen, your actions feel like they have consequences, even if sometimes those consequences are ones you don't intend. The longer I played the game, the more I thought about the consequences of every piece of information I submitted, pouring over every bit of data and agonizing over the tiniest nuances of dialogueWhile Orwell's themes should be fairly evident from it's title and presentation, I found the plot to be intelligent and far from one-dimensional. Playing the game, often I thought to myself: ""Did I make the right call?"", ""Should I really have told them about that?"" I spent a good thirty minutes trying to decide on what I would do during the ending, and even as I write this review I question if I really did the right thing.To me, that is the hallmark of a good story. One that engages you, makes you feel invested...and above all else; makes you care. It's been a while since I felt so compelled to write a recommendation. But Orwell is one of these games that comes once in a blue moon, and tend to get sadly overlooked. If you couldn't guess already, I highly recommend Orwell. It's one of the best experiences I've had with a story rich game to date, Osmotic Studios has done a fantastic job.Under the spreading chestnut treeI sold you and you sold me..."
,Recommended,491950,26296684,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Teoman,"How fitting it is that this game went on sale during Halloween, because I sure am hell scared of internet probing supercomputers run by judging people like me right about now."
,Recommended,491950,27169585,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sealy,"“Those who surrender freedom for security will not have, nor do they deserve, either one.”- Benjamin FranklinI stumbled over this game in the new releases section. The concept sounded interesting and the gameplay seemed like a  breath of fresh air. So I tried the demo.And Jeez, did Orwell deliver. I got soaked into the story and wanted to find the culprit. I bought the whole game and had to play every episode as soon as it was released. For me, the game was intriguing and relaxing at the same time.I would recommend the game to anyone who doesn't mind a more text-based game and/or is interested in surveillance and security and their possible interactions in the future."
,Recommended,491950,26437112,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Soundwave MD,"In Orwell, the devil's in the details.On my first playthrough, I thought that this was just a visual novel. I thought that conflicting datachunks were no big deal; I mean, I can just upload one of them and both will be sent to Orwell. Right?Well, I was wrong, and that resulted in some very real consequences.See, most of the game involves reading articles and personal information about people. Orwell cherry-picks information it wants and you upload it. Some information is clearly false or misinterpreted by the machine, so you can choose not to upload those chunks.But once you've been lured into a false sense of security, a conflicting datachunk pops up. You have to decide, from the options provided, which is the real story. That, I've learned, requires you to go back and cover everything you've read with a fine-toothed comb.That's where the game gets tough. After three episodes, I have made one, and maybe two, clear-cut mistakes with disastrous consequences. I'm not sure what I missed, but that's the fun of the game. Be meticulous. Pay attention to every tiny detail. Think very carefully before you choose which story to endorse, because Orwell will take it as fact."
,Recommended,491950,32191975,Posted: 4 June,all,Oak,"Expect 4 hours of gameplay from this game, so decide on your own it if worth your money if not on discount.The game is story-rich and the story is quite nice too. Requires a lot of reading, and I would say it is more a VN than a game, but I'd rather read VNs if they were presented in unique forms such as this game."
76561198026362756,Recommended,491950,28337300,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Angfucious,"Games that carry heavy political overtones are hit or miss with me.  Orwell is one of those games that is a complete hit.  I had an idea of what to expect from the store page, but I had no idea that I was going to be glued to this game for 3 days straight.  The level of character development is amazing.  I think I went back and forth between hating and sympathizing with Harrison at least 5 times.  The story is the best part because you have control for the most part.  There are some things that you have to do for progression, but that is with any game.  A broad example so as not to spoil the game, you can make a person look completely innocent or incredibly guilty depending on what 'parts' of info you choose to share.  What parts of info will you provide to your adviser?  This game is well worth the asking price.Afterthought:  I don't know about anyone else, but I had a good LOL over the Queen of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t part."
76561198009812763,Not Recommended,491950,30581008,Posted: 17 March,all,~Wynter~,"I expected to have to do more ""detective work"", but this is just a choices-don't-make-sense-but-they-matter experience.  Especially in the final chapter, I had little clue what I was supposed to accomplish, and then suddenly I accomplished something and the game was over.If I could give this a Thumbs-Sideways, I would.  There are a few interesting ""scenes"" and moments that were surprising, but as it stands, I didn't feel like I was enjoying myself.  Just uploading ""datachunks"" and waiting for the game to find more datachunks to be uploaded.  Occasionally I had to decide between two conflicting pieces of data, but those choices were less-than-half of the game.  Maybe one-third of the game is ""decisions"" like that, and the rest is just dragging datachunks from one side of the screen to the other.  Or in some cases, deciding NOT to drag a datachunk from one side of the screen to the other, because it might be misunderstood by your superiors. For example, one comment on a website in-game says ""oh no! the torture! ;)"" in a playful manner about being bribed with muffins, but if you upload it your boss takes it to mean LITERAL TORTURE and freaks out about it.  So you're told to upload ""all the relevant data"" but then have no say in how it gets interpreted or used, which impacts upon the relevance of said data.If you like games that try to make political-statements about things, this is probably up your alley.  I just wanted to solve puzzles, connect clues, etc.  The game highlights all the relevant information, and then connects it to things for you.  Not TERRIBLE, but not what I expected or hoped for. :("
,Recommended,491950,31832244,Posted: 18 May,all,KayDuckula,"PROS: I highly recommend everyone to play the DEMO of this game first. It'll give you a great feel of how the entire game is going to go, so you will know if you will like it or not. I'm going to be honest, this is not my normal type of game. After playing the DEMO, I wanted more of it ASAP. This is great for those who want mystery, political nightmares, and creep-factors. It's also a complete mind-screw as well, which was awesome. The soundtrack was very nice to listen to as well, and it's a smooth transitioning game with a great save-as-you-go feature.  It also has great replay value, so that you can get various outcomes.CONS: I bought the game and flew through threw the chapters quickly. It's 5 Chapters and it takes about 4 hours to complete all chapters, if you take your time. 4 hours for a 10 dollar game is a bit steep for me. I usually like to get $1 for every hour of playtime, so the game pretty much pays for itself. Although there is replay value to this game, I still don't like how quickly it goes by. The game was also a bit slow and laggy in some spots, like moving datachunks while text was still steaming.Overall it's a great quick game, but I would recommend searching for it on sale, and I would also recommend DEMOing the game first. It's definitely not a game made for everyone, but it's got a lot of good going for it!"
,Recommended,491950,26289094,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,TheMillybear,"Played through the first two episodes and really enjoyed them.The trailer stays very true to the game. There are no huge overwhelming graphics, but that's simply not what the game is about.+ nice approach to Orwells 1984+ exciting story (Who is the terrorist?!)- i wish the game was a little more challenging. I didn't find a setting to turn off the premarked information in texts etc. Would be nice to actually have to read through some of the information in order to then mark it myself and drag it into the profile pageOverall I would recommend this game to anybody who's into... *turns around* Is someone reading this?"
,Recommended,491950,33585182,Posted: 16 July,all,Dragoslove,"I wish there were more games like Orwell.   It tries something original, and for the most part suceeds.  Interesting story, choices matter, and over all a very good game."
76561197971724802,Recommended,491950,28429310,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Pontifex Maximus,"InOrwell, you are an investigator, employed by a nondescript democratic nation to dig through news, intercepted communications, websites, and personal computers in order to unravel a mystery.It's not a simulation so much as an interactive story, with several routes to the end, and several possible fates for many of the characters.Investigate the lives of citizens to find those responsible for a series of terrorist attacks. Your job is solely to go through a heap of modern-day data, everything from standard phone numbers, police files and bank account details, through to more dubious emails, blogs and social media posts. Collecting information, looking for clues, flagging any possible suspects and chasing them down.You can decide how much of the information you want to sift through as the data chunks are highlighted in blue and easily stand out. There are five episodes in total with each one structured as a ‘day’ and the gameplay will be on average one hour per episode.A lot of effort went into creating the content forOrwelland it is really impressive. It’s simple but fun with unexpected twists along the way. Orwell is an excellent experience.THE GOOD- Fascinating Story- Convincing characters and plot- Impactful choices and discoveries- Complex and Innovative- Fitting soundtrackTHE BAD- Text logs of phone conversations feel unnatural9/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD | GREAT |AMAZING| MASTERPIECE"
,Not Recommended,491950,32219096,Posted: 6 June,all,Flanman,"A fun story driven game - but it felt quite linear to me and clearly choreographed from the start. I would describe it as an immersive story rather than a game to be honest. Enjoyable but with very limited scope and after playing it through in 8 hours, I'm probably not going to go back to it! Ok, I could try again for an 'alternate' ending; but it is so obvious what those endings would be it isn't really worth the effort of clicking through the whole story again to bother! so I would recommend to buy it for <£5, like a DVD rental! but not for full game price...on balance, I guess i have to put thumbs down, as it's hard to go thumbs up for a 1 play through game experience with few puzzles and options. It's like click by numbers to prompt the story to continue!"
,Not Recommended,491950,29909389,Posted: 13 February,all,Infamousduck,"I bought this game because of all the good reviews, and while the game was enticing at certain times, and it had a great premise; it's literally only 5 hours worth of gameplay and that's it. There isn't even a repetive mode like in Papers, Please where you can at least mess around in the game outside of the story. There's no sub-quests, or sub-stories. There's nothing but the very short main story and CREDITS ""THANKS FOR PLAYING"". The ending is very unrewarding as well.If this game were a few bucks, I wouldn't have complained; but $10+ depending on when you bought it? I guess it's better than going to the movies (in some ways), but I was left very unfulfilled by this. If all 5 of those hours were gripping and suspenseful like the few moments in this game that were? It'd have been worth it, but it doesn't quite succeed at that.TL;DR: Not a bad game, but only one storyline, no sub-plots, no game to be done outside of the main story. Main story is also waaaay too fast. Also not much diversity in storyline no matter what you choose/do. You are pretty much just walked through the entire storyline the whole game."
,Recommended,491950,32080697,Posted: 31 May,all,uzumarkus,"Great way to ""gamefy"" the george orwell novel 1984, loved it"
,Recommended,491950,26247582,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Tendou Karen (Pug),"Welcome to my Orwell Review,this is my overview of Episode 1 and 2. I will not add spoilers due to this being a review.Orwell, is a new project that allows YOU to be the one stopping 'potentially dangerous' people and preventing terroristic attacks by finding datachunks, eavesdropping conversations and searching through webpages. Will you prevent a catastrophe? Or will you bystand? Or may you find the information required yet fail to prevent terrible events?Pros:-Amazing Storyline-Great episodes-Great interface-Easy to learn, hard to master-Amazing relationship system and whole webpage connections.-Great webchunk system.Cons:-Finished Episode 1 and 2 in 2 hours (1 hour for each.)-Sometimes a bit confusing on datachunks (Yet does give the difficulty to the game.)-Hard to understand the story sometimes (For some people, not like me.)Overall Result: 9.5/10 (After Episode 1 and 2)Orwell is an amazing game made by only 3 DEVELOPERS who work very hard on this. The episodic system makes every event or story or new info finding a cliff hanger which makes you so hungry for more. The webchunk system is great considering you truly are a spy for the Nation. Amazing storyline with the relationship system is also a big chunk of the overall result and the cons truly mean nothing with this masterpiece of a game. My result might change however past November 3rd due to new episodes.This has been DefinitelyNotPugtato, with my review of Orwell, see you on duty.UPDATE-28/10/16:Right, DAY 2 of the game out, and I done my second playthrough. Well, this game is so great I can do another 2. Also, I done some things differently changing everything and how the Episodes ended. I bet now the 2 profiles I have now will be much different considering Episode 2 continues to Episode 3 and so Episode 5's proper end won't be the same."
,Recommended,491950,28903537,Posted: 1 January,all,The Not So Average Joe,"""Thoughts Are Meant To Be Free""DISCLAIMER - As of the time i am writing this review, i only played through one ending.As soon as i finished the game, i had the urge to write this review, the urge to share with the world how amazingly complex and mind-boggling this game is.Orwell in a way reminded me ofPapers, Please(Which you can find my review of itHERE).In Orwell you will be The Big Brother. You will snoop into people's lives and find some and some less sensitive information about said people.Orwell Does not contain much gameplay, Yet it succeeds to be an amazing piece of art, Solely with it's story.Do i recommend Orwell?Absolutely.It's amazing. It's unique.It's not for everyone.I won't recommend it though, for people who get bored easily, and look for gameplay and graphics rather than story.EDIT :So now that i managed to do all endings and basically turn the game inside out for the achievements, it's safe to say this game is a 10/10.Every single conflict you'll encounter will guarantee to have an impact on the way the story goes, making you really question which one to add to the database.There are numerous endings, each one has it's own consequences and effects on The Nation (Where the game takes place).As said earlier, get it only if you're a nut for a good, solid storyline. Otherwise, don't bother with it."
,Recommended,491950,28199739,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Anh Alexander,"8/10 - A compelling detective story that questions your morals, tugs your heart strings, and leaves you stunned+ Intriguing plot that keeps you telling yourself ""just one more episode, sleep is not THAT important...""+ Interesting characters who are easy to become attached to+ Intellectually satisfying.  The game expects to absorb the world it has built and use deductive reasoning to back up your decisions and lines of investigation.  It doesn't treat you like an idiot (which I can appreciate)- Fairly short game play (Start to finish is roughly 5-7 hours)- Currently (Dec 5, 2016), no revising chapters and changing decisions.  You have to create a new save from the beginning to pick different choices (developers have stated that they will change this in the near future).Note that this game plays similar to a detective visual novel.  If you are looking for flashy cut-scenes and first/third person character control, this is not the game for you.  You are an intelligence agent working at your computer, and that is how you will experience this world.  In my opinion, you do not need fancy graphics to appreciate the depth of this amazing story."
,Recommended,491950,26683346,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,skycoop,"I picked this up on a whim as I am very interested in online privacy and it's implications. What I wasn't expecting was how easy it was for me to get pulled into the role of the investigator. I honestly wanted to help and solve the crime, which went against what I claim to believe in.The episodic nature of the game worked well, and I couldn't wait until I got home on Thursdays to play it. Great music, design, and overall experience."
,Recommended,491950,32970233,Posted: 28 June,all,Dutch☭,"A surprisingly immersive psuedo-visual novel that plays on the tropes of governmental surveillance in a way that makes you question every action that you make in the game. The writing is absolutely try-hard sometimes, to the point of being cringey only on rare occasions, but the overall story is interesting and captivating in a way that kept me on the edge of my seat the whole way through. You really begin to feel that you are an investigator, prying into the personal life of these people, and for a game so simple to do that is absolutely fantastic imo.The mechanics are simple point, click, drag. The gameplay itself requires deducing events and character motivation through the combination of various news sources, emails, and hacked text messages. It requires a lot of reading and more thinking than I anticipated, leaving me stumped a few more times than I care to admit, but it doesn't feel boring in the slightest.It's short, it's sweet, and it's to the point. I would recommend it to anyone that likes narrative experiences."
76561198064320788,Recommended,491950,26432793,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Azurean,"I wrote this review after 3 episodes, I might change it later.Orwell is an interesting game about collecting personal data from people through various means (social media, dating sites, phone calls etc.) and investigating to find the terrorist/s that plant bombs in public places. The gameplay reminds me a lot of Analogue : Hate Story, which is a good sign. Every document gives you new informations, that leads you to new documents etc.Overall the writing is very solid and believable, you can only see typed messages but they all express the character's personality : the lawyer is writing slowly with perfect punctuation, the young activist uses slang and typos etc. Sometimes there are some blatant shortcuts designed for exposition (a conversation with an unknown person that starts with ""What can I do for you, Susan Mills, my best friend from Hugand University ?"") but it didn't bother me too much.What bothers me however is how much the game holds your hand. You can only select a few informations and only about the suspect ""du jour"". Several times I thought ""Wow, Alan is very suspect !"" but I couldn't get any informations about him until the next day where I'm told ""Today we'll focus on Alan, he's suspect"". Am I the investigator or just a goddamn clerk ?It led to a very aggravating moment where I had to chose between two options, I took the wrong one and innocent people died. To add insult to injury, my sidekick had the nerve to patronize me ""What did we do wrong ? If we had taken the other option, this could have been avoided"". I think it was meant to emotionally disturb me and make me think that this investigation method is fundamentally flawed, on top of being ethically reprehensible. But instead all I could think was ""F*ck you, all informations you ALLOWED me to get pointed at the first option being the good one. You think you're cleverly ambiguous but you're just a cheap mystery novel deliberately misleading the audience to make the plot last long enough"".In conclusion, an extremely lukewarm approval, that might lead to a disapproval if they keep doing this in future episodes. I don't want to replay this game as it feels like Telltale's Walking Dead, where the illusion of choice disappears at the second playthrough where different choices don't impact as much as they seemed.EDIT : I finished the 5 chapters, I keep my extremely uncommitted approval (lets say 50.1/100).What limits this game the most is its linearity. I compared it to a mystery novel, it's even worse in late episodes, they want you to suspect specific people in specific orders punctuated by specific twists. You learn in chapter 5 crucial informations that you had no reason not to discover in chapters 1 and 2, since you follow the exact same protocol except the game deliberately kept informations away from you in order to make the game last 5 chapters.The game also has the nerve to make this railroad look like a social commentary. ""You've been chasing the wrong people the entire time, this is the proof that Orwell is unreliable !"". Yeah but no, this is just proof that you're putting arbitrary limitations for the sake of the narrative. And even with that, Orwell did better than any other investigation method. Call it unethical, dangerous, tyrannical if you want, but it gets sh*t done and saved lives, and would have done even better without the railroad."
,Recommended,491950,26735933,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Steppenwolf,"I must say I never heard from that game, after it pops up on Steam at its release date.And I'm suprised to say, that this game catched me aloen by its name!I awaited a Big Brother game ... and I got a Big Brother game ... a game, where you can be Big Brother yourself.You take control of a new surveilance system called Orwell to find the people responsible for a terror bombing.Fot that you can check websites, 'listen' to calls and chats and search through phones and computers.Pros:- Easy to learn gameplay- Fitting graphic style and background music- Good story- 'Just one more minute/level/stage'- Different endings and outcomes of story partsNeutral:- 4-6 hour for a single walkthrough- Balanced 'Cliché' and 'Suprised' moments/charactersCons:- A bit to simple gameplay (there are only some situations, where it is a bit hard to decide between different choices)- No 'dead ends'- Linear story progressAs this game offers its first (of five) episodes for free as a demo (works also as a tutorial), you can easily test out, if you like its gameplay. The initial price of around 10 € is very fair, so do the devs a favor if you like the demo and buy it directly. ;)I really hope the devs use the base concept/gameplay for some more games! I really like that detective style of conecting clues. But at the same time I hope they expend the concept with video footage to analyze, dead ends, more conflicting clues."
,Recommended,491950,26248345,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,wolki,"This is really immersive game play! 10/10The visuals are unique. The look of an desktop work environment and the sounds draw me into the world of Orwell.I just played the beginning of the story, now. But I feel the responsibility and suspicions against the people and the system itself. It's hard to describe ... it is a special game play experience for me!I got the game and will stay tuned to the further episodes of Orwell: yes, I keep an eye on you!"
,Recommended,491950,26277462,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Jonas McPherson,"By far the best indie I have played in a while (except This is The Police).Literally played this with my 38-year-old copy of George Orwell's -no pun intended- 1984, in order to feel the climate of this game. It's story is intriguing, makes you sit a bit and think what info you should convey and besides it's current small length, it has the potential to keep you interested for hours.The ending was amazing. I recommend this totally."
,Not Recommended,491950,28593793,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,jellyisyum,"Pros:- Art style is interesting and engaging- Story is well crafted and immersive- Exposition isn't forced on you, but it is there if you wish to learn more about the world or certain characters- Creators clearly spent a lot of time and effort on the setting- The game tackles some pretty engaging ethical dilemas that are applicable to the world we live inCons:- Click and drag simulator 2016- Uninspired gameplay mechanics- Constant handholding (I kept thinking I was in a long tutorial but that's just how the game is)- Very binary choices (he did it vs she did it/ she did the right thing vs she is bad)- No real detective work the game just tells you everything- The game treats you like an idiot by having a sidekick tell you what each piece of info meansOther things that bothered me:-      Chat/phone calls move too fast to keep up with uploading the 'chunks' that appear and you're forced to either ignore the dialogue progression and try to click on a certain chuck as the screen constantly shifts or wait until the exchange is  done to upload anything (or maybe I was just too slow).-      Music shifts in tone dramtically whenever 'shocking info' is revealed which makes the game feel very linear (which it is) instead of just letting you stumble upon the info yourself and make your own conclusions as to what is important. The music changes give the feeling of ""This was a scripted event that I experienced at a designated time.""-      Your partner/boss just tells you things so you don't really have to do any investigation yourself which is kind the whole point of the game.-      You are fed information in a pretty constant chronological stream instead being given all the info at once and having to sort through it with your brain. The game treats you like a baby and doesn't give you your next treat until you click and drag the things on the page it just gave you.-      The game established this rhythm really early of scrolling through a page, clicking on stuff, listening to your buddy pal guy tell you stuff, being given a new page, then repeating.-      The fact that the chats/calls don't start until you actively bring them up is quite harmful to immersion (why would the people wait to start talking on the phone for 5 seconds until I'm monitoring them? Just have them act like normal humans and not wait for the player).-      The gameplay would be a lot better if the events driving the characters weren't so close to the present. If we as players were given this new technology to help solve a crime in the past (several months at least) it would eliminate the need to have these awfully convenient text conversations and phone calls every 5 seconds that always have important info. What I'm saying is put the event in the past so that the player can be given a bunch of call transcripts and chat logs to sift through instead of being handed the info.-      The very nature of how the game highlights all of the important info for you makes you question what your job really is and why anyone would need you to do it. If they already have a system that determines what is important and human operators who interpret the data (your boss/partner guy), why the hell do they need you???-      The info highlighting eventually has you just scrolling through pages until something lights up or you get an update instead of actually reading the page and deciding what is important and what is irrelevant.This is not a bad game by any means. It's just always frustrating when I see one of these ""choices matter"" games where there's clearly a certain path you're encouraged to take and you really aren't free to do things your own way.While I had pretty high expectations for this game after coming off a Hacknet binge, I just feel as though the game is trying to pretend to be something it's not. Just market the game for what it is, a linear narrative experience.I'm very aware that since I did not finish the game my perspective is limited to what I played, but what I played I did not enjoy, so I cannot reccomend this game.TL;DR: This game is a very and hand-holdy linear story based experience while it is advertised to be a sort of detective"
,Recommended,491950,26295007,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Ace Attorney Morty,"Orwell is a game that takes inspiration from the themes of George Orwell, and puts them into situations that may happen in the not too distant future. If you love Orwell you will love Orwell"
76561197980389627,Recommended,491950,29151339,Posted: 9 January,all,DicksenButts,"It was only a click, how did it end up like this? it was only a click..."
,Not Recommended,491950,28962198,Posted: 2 January,all,James Rockford,"Disappointing.1. Incredibly short.  I was surprised when it was over, as it felt like I just completed a tutorial.2. Hand holding the entire way through.  Your ""adviser"" or ""controller"" does just that, controls you.  All you do is drag and drop things.  You make very few decisions and are spoon fed what you need to do next.3. Worse than number 2, you are spoon fed what to think and make of your findings.  Rather than allowing you to actually investigate and figure things out, the game tells you precisely what to think.  This kills immersion and makes you, not an investigator, but just a peon dragging and dropping lines of text.4. Game locked up for me on conclusion.  I have only played through one ending and have no desire to do the others, because the gameplay is like a tutorial from start to finish.  It would be tedious as hell playing through it again.5. Writing is corny.  It feels like it is forcing the dialogue to be edgy and using memes.  Seriously feels like an awful episode of BBT.So much potential, but fails the entire way through.  Definitely not worth 10 pounds.  Not even worth 5.  Maybe 1.99.  The game is incredibly short.  Steam says I played it for 7.1 hours, but the reality is I fell asleep while playing about halfway through and dozed off for a couple hours.  Even at 7 hours, the gameplay is disappointingly short."
,Recommended,491950,31857873,Posted: 20 May,all,Zarozax,"Information collection simulator. The game mechanics might not necessarily be the most engaging, but the narrative alone makes up for whatever shortcomings the game might have. The story is full of twists and turns, shocking reveals, and moral-heavy choices. Many of these choices result in some significant alterations to the outcomes of the story.The game provides tremendously poignant insight into the dangers of an omnipresent police state. The game does a surprisingly decent job of presenting a fair balance between the necessity of privacy vs. safety. This felt nice, as it kept the narrative from feeling too hamfisted or preachy.In short, this game will grip you with its story while simultaneously concerning you about the implications of its themes."
,Recommended,491950,30783720,Posted: 27 March,all,Phelix Roth,"While the central themes and the nods to Nineteen Eighty-Four can get a little heavy-handed at times, this is generally a very intriguing, effectively exciting bit of narrative-driven gaming, ideal for anyone with an interest in the theme of governmental control and online privacy."
76561198091210341,Recommended,491950,26417853,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,pinkpinnn,Wouldn't dare write a bad review. You don't know who's watching.
,Not Recommended,491950,30084659,Posted: 21 February,all,Madalovin,"Short and simple.It has a very enjoyible narrative where you play as a sort of detective.Gameplay is limited by rules that are stated in the begining.Some more information?The game is designed for the curious and detective types to search through forums, profiles, live text channels, and police reports to figure out who and why the cause of horrible events happen.However you can also just as effectively ""play"" the game by scrolling through the pages only looking for the light-blue highlighted words to which you click and drag to the left on the profiles. For live chat rooms, you can just wait for information to show up that is able to be clicked on. The only time where you make a true decision is if you find yellow-highlighted text that contridicts information located somewhere else.As a narrative experience for those who want to relax back and feel part of the story, this game is fantastic for you.For those who thought this would be a Challenging experience will be dissatisfied by simplistic gameplay of clicking and dragging."
76561198006476640,Recommended,491950,30702455,Posted: 24 March,all,Morphy,"A unique game. Really interesting subject matter and storyline. You play an intelligence officer that has to investigate people to try to determine terrorist threats by listening to conversations and searching the web etc. There's a lot to read, but definately well worth playing through at least once. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,491950,33597608,Posted: 16 July,all,sadcowboy,"""For how could you establish even the most obvious fact when there existed no record outside your own memory?""Anybody who has read through George Orwell's1984will recognize many prevolent themes throughout this point-and-click adventure. While many movies and games struggle to rival their literary counterparts, Orwell does a spectacular job of demonstrating the themes prevelant in George Orwell's story. While the actual story of the game is different from the book, focusing on the player rather than Winston, many of the aspects are still the same.I only had a few minor gripes with Orwell that did not take too much away from the story or my immersion. The only real problem that I had with the game was the fact that you had to open each file up to add data to them, rather than just dragging and dropping them onto the character web.A compelling story with many twists leaves the player hungry for more, available through multiple playthroughs of the game. A second season to Orwell would be very difficult to achieve, due to the ending of the game. I will not go into depth about what this is, as I cannot without spoiling the game.I strongly reccomend you play through Orwell if you have read the novel1984or are interested in games with themes of censorship and/or a malleable story."
76561198054611743,Recommended,491950,32042245,Posted: 29 May,all,Konstantin5500,"This game is fantastic. While the Gameplay is at the first sight simple, it is more complex than you think. You have to look through files as an investigator and to upload, what is important. The important things will be highlighted as blue, but because just to put the enlighted things into a box is to easy, you have some contradictory informations and you have to decide, what is right and what is wrong. But this game has a much deeper core, which most does not recocnize. You are the only one, who see everything. Will you misshold informations because you think they are not necessary to know or will you missinterpreted intentionally informations because you want to arrest someone? Or will you just be a loyal worker who do like he told? If you began to think about this, you have find the true meaning of the game."
,Recommended,491950,32218691,Posted: 6 June,all,DOM,"BIG BROTHER IS WATCHINGThis game has an amazing concept . You take the role of a goverment guy trying to solve a crime by checking everything(from newspapers , to private chat and even the recycle bin)I really hope we can see more of this game."
76561198027955547,Recommended,491950,26311326,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Eugene,I've deleted a lot of my tweets after playing this game.10/10 would arrest more people for their tweets.
,Recommended,491950,26248816,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,van der Pieron,"You love deeply narrative and morally-not-so-obvious games?Then ORWELL is for you!Mix Papers, Please; Her Story and George Orwell into one game and here you go.Orwell is one of the most clever stories I have ever read, put into distopian reality of the Big Brother's Country.Are you going to spy and violate one's privacy to protect safety of your fellow citizen or avoid it as much as you can and let bad events happen?The choice is yours and there is no good answer, nor path.The most important question is - is it still a fictional game or slowly a real scenario?"
,Recommended,491950,26248957,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,DropkickBrat,"I feel like I've been waiting for a game like this without even knowing it. I got emotionally invested BASICALLY immediately, and it's honestly stressing me out, trying to choose some of the data I deem relevant (and not misleading) to send on to the supervisor. I feel a sense of personal responsibility for these characters, and I'm pretty sure that's the mark of a great game.On that note, I messed up. I messed up bad. I need to start another profile and try this again."
,Recommended,491950,33302729,Posted: 5 July,all,Reyals,"Have you ever wondered about how secret agency work? How it feels to work at NSA?Look no more, this game about stalking people is for you!You are an investigator in a secret project called Orwell. Your job is to breach every people privacy, provide the goverment the information you found and cacth the culprit of the terror attack. Or so what i tought.As the story progress, you will find more information indicating conspiracy and shocking facts about people that you stalk. In the end, it's up to you to provide what information to Orwell.(Spoiler ahead)And when everything goes haywire, you will be the one blammed by media..9.5/10 - Privacy breach simulator of the year."
76561197980257833,Not Recommended,491950,26561910,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,AlienDjinn,"Dig into the forums on this one before you purchase.  It's not quite the game description implies.As one person put it it's more of a ""visual novel"" where you play the untrusty narrator in an Orwellian future.  Great content and rich interface support that experience.   However if you're looking for the rabbit whole where you're investigating and shaping the lives of these ""potential criminals"" then this game misses that mark by not providing an organic sense of discovery to the player.  Most of the game is on rails, because it has to be, with so much content involved.The creators put a lot of blood and treasure into this game and new content is coming out each week.  If you're looking to read a captivating story about a dark future ahead, then this game is for you (even more so after this week's election results)."
,Not Recommended,491950,26334264,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Drav,"I can't recommend this title unless you like short visual novels.The idea behind the game is excellent and intriguing, but the game holds the player hand too much and unfolds the story on its own. There is no true challenge for the player who gathers clearly highlighted clues and can complete the two chapters published until now in a very short time (going slowly was 3 hours for me).The worst part is that i did not had any sense of satisfaction for ""a good job"" at the end and I really can't see where the ""choices matter"" in any way or where the cliche ""story is rich""...The video on the store page is absolutely misleading, there's nothing in the game that gives that kind of feeling you may expect after watching it."
76561198045619174,Not Recommended,491950,29704891,Posted: 4 February,all,Iceorama (The Winter Pyroshark),"This game could have been good, and the story is compelling to a certain extent. You can tell there is something that isn't being said that you can't find, and it makes it all the more important to find it. But thats where the fun stops, and where the frustration begins.Probably the most aggrivating thing about this game is the inability to directly say what information you extract should mean. Instead you effectively hand over little quips of information to a conspiricy theorist and then wonder how that information is going to be used. Probably the biggest instance of this is when you are going to arrest a certain character, you get into a certain call. You learn that she is on the move, and has a hand gun. You submit that she has a gun and suddenly you basicaly called the fekin army down on her and she dies, when all evidence before then would suggest that going Riot-shields fer days would have been the correct move.Also when handed ""Contradicting evidence"", often times the information isn't contradicting, but should have been able to be combined to paint something that would have been more conductive to profiling the person in question. Things like where the suspect lives now and previously, which both could be noted and later on used to help track down said person.The lack of proper notes is, while not entirely nessisary for the set up of the game, probably a bad decision. Notes could have been used to snip articles with evidence that your unsure of how to use at the present moment and would have helped during the ""Scrolling sections"" disguised as Texts and calls. While you can scroll up during any moment of these, being able to hold out on certain information for a better time would have helped immensely.So all in all, a great premise and the story works, execution worked about as well as alcohol and fire."
76561198002450835,Recommended,491950,30381880,Posted: 7 March,all,Nutlaw,"I'm really very happy with Orwell. Great writing, characters, and plot. Unique gameplay. Relevant topic and very solid science fiction. Unobtrusive music that sets the tone. It only takes about five hours to finish, but that's a good length to keep things interesting and engaging during the entire playthrough.Cannot recommend highly enough."
,Recommended,491950,32209438,Posted: 5 June,all,PathHyena,"The true strength of Orwell lies not in replayability, or even in a strong gameplay mechanic, but in a consuming immersion that relays a story illustrating how powerful a government powered by surveillance could truly be.  You ""live"" what it would really mean to the lives of people you begin to learn more and about as you coldly monitor them in what feels like real time.Unlike other games employing immersive story driven simulations on rails, like ""This is the Police"" or Uplink, I never once sought to find a ""right"" solution online.  I accepted that my data was only as good as the research I could see in front of me, and I made some calls based on the psychology of the subjects I digitally (legally) stalked, for the good of The Nation.  By the middle of the game, I couldn't really stop.  It was like binging Netflix, and although pulling back I can clearly see that the game is often holding your hand and guiding you towards the next arc, in the moment the progression feels so natural that I was just excited to unravel the next thread. I performed my role in the Orwell program compliantly.The music and the Minority Report style slick UI (that felt so good to work in), combined with the friendly banter of your friendly government advisor led me to the worst part about this game - I started it at 11pm.  I had work at 8am the next day, which only allowed a couple hours of sleep after finally beating the game over 6 straight hours.There are unique endings, and the game will bend based on your choices and how far you dig.  When investigating, you don't have to read deeply into every article - Orwell finds the pertinent data for you so you're not forced to muddle through what turns into a mountain of documentation.  Sometimes though, you really need to step back and figure out your suspects murder mystery style, except you do it by going through their files, emails, phone call transcripts, timelines, and chat logs - tying that in with publically available resources.And maybe that's the biggest lesson of the game, and of 1984 when you apply a technical layer - in a society where we are constantly generating documents and digital paper trails, you could really learn all you need to know to paint us as however you'd like with the right tools.  It's one thing to read it, but the game lets you feel it. All at once it was exciting, and chilling.In the end, without offering spoilers, the game never forces you to choose if this is right or wrong.The total time to beat the game, for me, was 5 hours, but hardly any of that was spent idle. For $10 (I got this on sale at $6), if you have even half the experience I did, the game proves its value quickly.  While you can only replay the game the same way you would reread a book (altered maybe slightly), it did give me a short story worth thinking about for much longer than the gameplay itself lasted.Pros:- Immersive gameplay and story- Great soundtrack- UI feels fantastic- Great value- Story ending felt wrapped up, not abruptCons:- Limited replayability- 5 hours of content (I take the time to read a lot of the docs)- Not super challenging to an average player"
,Recommended,491950,26258554,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Inquisitor Penguin,"I was interested from first sight, and decided to give the demo a try (thanks for the free demo). This is a fascinating game. The gameplay itself is relatively simple, but the story is intriguing. For me, this is because as I dug through the evidence and information, parsing out and arranging details for dossiers, I found myeslf becoming more involved in the story. I also wanted to learn more details to get to the bottom of of the case.This is the first game like this that I've played, and I've got to say, it's pretty well done. Although there are only two episodes available at the moment, I believe this one will be worth the $10. I've already gotten an hour and a half out of it, and i'm not finished yet with the second part.I say save the $1.50, and snag this while it's on sale for an interesting kind of investigation game.Update after 3rd November content release:I still recommend this game. There were several interesting developments in the third episode. I'm very glad I bought this when I did, and I'm enjoying the regular updates. Keep it up, devs! Solid work."
,Recommended,491950,26286893,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Saxton 6,"A great game about surveillance, inspired by George Orwell's novel, 1984. The game puts you in the place of a surveyor, trying to find out more about the suspects involved in terrorist attacks. The flow of the game is intriguing, and manually searching for information adds a quite unique perspective to the game. With cleverly placed allusions to 1984, the game successfully portrays the effects of total surveillance on people."
,Recommended,491950,26261065,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Seth Startix,"Wow - this game. 10/10. Her Story meets Papers Please with its own dash of uniqueness.Game sucked me in for 2 hours straight right after purchase. A must play if you either know about the state of internet privacy in our country today - or if you have no clue, this game captures it perfectly.Creepy how much this game captures data collection, social networks, the implications behind whats said, and how it can be used by authorities. So much to where the game gives you this chill up your spine as you realize much of this isnt fiction.Bravo to the Developers. More of this!"
,Recommended,491950,26707442,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Goat,"I'm a HUGE fan of 1984, and I could already tell I was going to like this game, just by the title.It's so engrossing, and I feel involved in it like I don't normally feel in video games.  This is VERY well done, and extremely clever!"
,Recommended,491950,28689986,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Expo9009🌐,10/10 Would arrest everyone again.
,Not Recommended,491950,28852762,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,octane,"Great idea, poor execution.Truly a unique idea, but the game really failed to engage me as a player. Instead of giving you a big, open environment and letting you conduct the investegation yourself, the game does a lot to narrow down your search and holds your hand through a linear sequence of events.These events are triggered by dragging & dropping key information to the database. All the relevant information gets automatically highlighted as soon as it appears on your screen, and because of this, a monkey could probably beat this game. No deductive reasoning is required on your part because the game will just go forward with the story regardless of your success.A game like this done right would need to give the player a lot more freedom and a lot less room for error. Without the fulfillment of overcoming a tough challenge by yourself, there is no point."
,Recommended,491950,26518658,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Z Chrispian Chrispin Crisp,"You play a sort of NSA agent, roaming through social media, websites, phone calls, emails etc..to try and stop a terrorist and it's bloody satisfying. Three dimensional characters, stories, the attention to detail in the personal histories of suspects and victims makes this game an involving tense experience. You will want to dig deep and leave no stone unturned, you can ♥♥♥♥ up, it's not on rails and there are different outcomes based on what you found and didn't find. Lives in the balance, time against you. Well worth the low price."
,Recommended,491950,34371356,Posted: 20 August,all,FuryElise,"Orwell is an intriguing game that does not let you get away with bad jokes. The player will have to use rationality and puzzle together the real story from reading other people's perspectives on the same events, and one must be careful what information you hand over to Big Brother.The game lets you choose whether you want to let people get away with things or if you hand every piece of information to your superior, and it's easy to let yourself be brainwashed and forget that one surveills real people and not just stains in the system, which the game is really good at making you believe. In addition to this, the game had good sound effects which kept you on the edge of your seat, as well as having many plot-twists and unexpected elements to it.Not to mention the witty references to the novel 1984 by George Orwell, which effectively added an element of familiarity to those who are acquainted with the novel.I recommend this game to both people who know 1984 and to those who don't (and possibly want to), as this is a good introduction to the novel and it gives you an interesting perspective in how it feels to work for Big Brother. Therefore, I give this game a rating of 10/10."
,Recommended,491950,33057240,Posted: 30 June,all,reverandspaniel,Wow. Just wow. Amazing game. Excellent writing and a brilliant story. I haven't played a game in a long time that gave me such moral dillemas to think about. Well worth picking this up.
,Recommended,491950,29556211,Posted: 28 January,all,Woody Bobo,"Pretty good game. Reminded me of Papers, Please in a way (which I loved). My only con is it didnt last long enough. Not necessarily in the length (alittle over 6 hrs including the demo, which is the complete 1st chapter, 5 total), but rather I just wanted more of it when it ended. Definitely worth the $10 if you're into these types of games. Looking forward to future games from these devs."
,Recommended,491950,26405469,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ＤＥＣＵＲＩＯ,"A game set in a ""Not Britain"" that sends you stalking through people's Facebook accounts in order to take notes of small things such as their favourite food, movie and home address. Except this time you apparently get paid to do it thanks some obscure government agency due to some obscure government anti terror act.A GCHQ simulator essentially."
,Recommended,491950,27369784,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sober Mans Secret,"A game brimming with tension from the outset. Orwell is a look into the shady world of government surveilance through the use of hacking, spying and incriminating peple based on the slightest pieces of "" evidence"". It's a testament to our time.Where do you stand?Net Neutrality or Please feel free to investigate me for no reason at all.A work of genius.10/10"
76561197972575506,Recommended,491950,32237280,Posted: 7 June,all,knsi,Short but good. If you liked 'Papers please' you will like Orwell.
,Recommended,491950,26330927,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Daddy's Cummies,"Before buying this game, I saw that most of the top rated reviews just spoke about comparison's to Orwellian works, modern social networks, and Papers Please. And I thought important to address a couple of things after playing through what is available. Orwell is an episodic game; meaning, this is not the final result. This is more of a ""Whodunit"" than a Thriller mystery, so judging it for linearity might be unfair since they attempt to make you the detective by providing you with a given set of aesthetics. Now talking about aesthetics, this game/experience has its obvious references to Orwell and ""1984"" -- mainly -- but it is very clear they are only used for inspiration. This is no de facto Orwell Fan Fiction, just an experienced based on some questions the devs had about resembling aspects of society. From the two episodes they have released, I can tell that this is comparable to Papers Please in that you have to provide an analysis to come up with game altering decisions. However, since this is a ""Whodunit"" type mystery, and are limited to less than half of the intended story arc, we cannot truly make that comparison. What I can say without spoiling, is that there are choices that can either save or spare hundreds of lives, and the deciding factor is actually a juxtaposition of logic I have yet to fully grasp and understand. I think this is a great game; yet, it remains an aesthetic experience we are not yet able to finalise. I look forward for Episode 3's release in three day's time."
,Recommended,491950,26250098,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,☮ Ⓜⓡ●Ⓓⓞⓡⓡⓨ ☮,"+ Beautiful artstyle, awesome and interesting story, simply amazing.- A bit short, about 1 hour per episode."
76561198138772715,Recommended,491950,26251795,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Catbeard,"Cassi is a blonde with her hair-dyed blue; exactly like my GF... and no disclaimer that the events in this game aren't based on true events?!Suspicion that she's a terrorist confirmed!Sent her to jail...Thanks for keeping us safe, Orwell!"
,Recommended,491950,26663832,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,DarkRoast,"Great game, really creepy in its own way and it made me think about online presenece in a surveillance society."
,Recommended,491950,31324348,Posted: 23 April,all,ixxel,"Short.  Completed all 5 episodes in 4.6 hours.But, I have to say this game really grabbed me.  I wasn't expecting much, and thought I would stop playing within 30 minutes or so, but as the story progressed I got sucked in more.I would suggest you wait to get this game while its onsale, not that it isn't worth $2.50 per hour to play it and beat it, but thats the thing, once you beat it, unless you really want to go through again to try to get other achievements which requires you to play a bit differently, there is no other replay value.  Would be nice if they actually had some add-on DLC (gasp, I actually asked for DLC), that had more scenarios to work through."
,Recommended,491950,26546307,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,The Lamppost,"Game was outstandingly better than my initial thoughts of it. The artwork is somewhat nice to look at, the story can really grip you at any point in every episode, and you get to spy on peeps. Although this review is pre-episode 5, I cannot wait at all for it to be released."
,Recommended,491950,29951697,Posted: 15 February,all,Grimbald/BE/,"As many others have mentioned, an interesting concept. Don't purchase this game looking for a good gameplay experience. This is certainly a visual novel with a little more interaction than usual, closing in on Point & Click Adventure territory.It certainly has its own contemporary agenda, which they do a fairly good job at conveying. Its execution isn't always the best, some moments fall flat but are remedied by the pacing and -for me, personally- the desire to see what is going to happen next. While short, it offers enough of interest to be worth a purchase (perhaps at a 40-50% discount, depending on your tastes).The 'choices' you will encounter in this game usually boil down to 'jump to conclusion' and 'don't jump to conclusion', which can admittedly work out well in some cases. However, there are times where you will encounter unforseen consequences. These can definitely have an impact on how the game progresses, in increments. For the most part you are playing through a story on rails, with only a few forks in the road that eventually lead to the same place, anyways. The biggest choice you will get takes place at the end of the game, where you will most likely arrive after about 4 hours.I would say the game is worth playing for its subject matter alone, it stands on its own as an experience. Some food for thought is to be found, as well."
,Recommended,491950,33571691,Posted: 15 July,all,PapaDelta138,"Orwellis an episodic thriller involving the vulnerabilities of social media and easy access to critical digital information. You play as an employee of an NSA-like private government cyber-security agency called ""Orwell"", of course, named after George Orwell, and peep into your suspects' lives as you dig around for information that could tell if they are involved in anything that could put the lives of innocents in peril. The game is completely story-oriented, and at times, even choice-driven.Story:It's a thriller that follows the episode template like theTelltale Games, played as if you're a guy who's logged into his computer. Everything you do, see, or read is like as if you're logged into a computer. The story has a few interesting characters to read about, to peep into their lives and see just how much information you can dig up on them, and see how connected they are altogether. At times, you'll come across plot twists, and other kinds of ways the story could put you off with how you applied your actions by considering what you just saw right then first-hand, i.e., there may be more than meets the eye here. As the story progresses, the story gets deeper and darker, and your decisions will have to be considered more carefully. Sometimes, even the terms or choices given to you are there just to put you off.To me, I felt it drained down a bit when the whole plot unfolded, but it was pretty good overall. I haven't played the game extensively yet to see how many endings I could get, but there are indeed multiple endings. I don't dislike the endings that happen to you based on your choices. But the part of the story that you cannot change - thehugeplot twist - well, I didn't like it much.But more importantly, this game shows us just how exposed we are to everyone, and just how oblivious people are these days about this fact. It's pretty sci-fi, but who's to know that this could be our reality in a few years, give or take? We're slowly stumbling our way to a more surveilled future in which, you could say, we are going to live in an almost-communist digital world, where every singly word we type in the webs is taken for granted, and smeared on us as if we have anything troublesome to show for it. Hell, we go ""Sorry, NSA"" at times. So, in a way, we're just enjoying a false form of freedom. I could go into detail with how this is both good and bad, but this is only a game review, so... moving on.Visuals:The game looks like the people in it gave their own photos, and then they just used a heavily modified version of that Prisma app to convert it all to make it look like as it is. It's not bad. But, it kinda takes away the realism of it. I dunno if I could say it sits well with the tone of the game. I don't think it does. But, it's visually appealing.Mechanics & Gameplay:There's very little to no mechanics. Having the whole investigative thing in the game, it surely  calls for implementing the use of the keyboard. The devs could've considered adding search terms and stuff, but sadly, this mechanic wasn't added to the game, and that, too, takes away the realism from the game. Something like, if you can't find something in the game that you're looking for, that's related to a certain character, search the appropriate term up, and find it (likeHer Story). That's what would make it more engaging, because there's no knowing what you could possibly find. Clicking and dragging can get stale. Hopefully, if they make a follow-up toOrwell, they could implement this.In the sense of gameplay, it's pretty interesting. As you play, you come across multiple choices to make. You're basically making choices constantly. When you have an info that you have the choice of either using it or not, you will probably think of the following:""Do I drag this information to the profile?""""ShouldI drag this information to the profile?""""How does this information have an effect?""""Is this info even worth putting into the files?""A simple statement that has to do something with the character - you will think it about in a much deeper manner. Because when you do enter something, it gets reflected on the reports, and that could have a cause-and-effect thing going on. The ""choices matter"" tag on this game is appropriate. And that's the whole point of the game. You, as an investigator, must see to it that everything you do in this works out perfectly in the end, for the people in Orwell, as well as the public.Music:The music fits well with the theme of the game, it's sci-fi-y, it gives off the mysterious vibe, and if you see a plot twist, the music suddenly changes to a very tense, ""oh damn"" type of tone.Verdict:If all you do in a game is walk, then you call it a ""walking simulator"". This game is that. All you mostly do is click and drag stuff. Which makes it a ""clicking simulator"". But, it's appropriate, because you can't really do much with a computer other than click and drag and type, can you?Funny (lol, not) jokes aside, the premise of the game is solid, and how they elaborate on it, with you as the very thing that gets to use what's given to you against thoselikeus. Just imagine if this happened (*cough*ishappening*cough*) in real life. The primary focus of the game was definitely the story, and the story only. The replayability of the game relies on the achievements, and the multiple endings present in the game (for most, even trading cards).I recommend this game to story lovers, I don't recommend this game to those who get bored of simple mechanics, and I recommend you get this game during the sales. I enjoyed the story a lot, but, I wanted more to do than just clicking and dragging. There's af-i-i-i-negrey area between those two, and I'm right smack in the middle of it. But, being a game that focuses entirely on the story, and the kind of message it's trying to interpret to us, I give it a thumbs up."
,Recommended,491950,26452473,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Wil,Loved the first three episodes. I hope that more episodes will be available beyond the five included.
76561198084484707,Recommended,491950,30271636,Posted: 1 March,all,Aviccus ☦,"A masterfully crafted experience. The messages, calls, and computers felt believable and genuine.Mutliple endings, so there is is definetely replay value.Intriguing storyline and plot. The atmosphere felt mysterious and melancholy.Excellent game I can not recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,491950,34723380,Posted: 3 September,all,Shiora Windswalker,"Ever wondered what being big brother was like?An immensly enjoyable game, doubly so if you have the time to sit and play it all in one go."
,Recommended,491950,26473996,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,The CaT is a lie,"Quite impressive storytelling, but, frankly speaking, it's too easy to play in. You have not so much volume of data to work with and it... highlighted when it needs your attention.  It turns the analytics-skills game into the drag-n-drop simulator. Developers should improve it with some kind of ""hints off"" option. Do I recommend it? Yes, I do, but only if you want to waste some time like I do."
,Recommended,491950,35194439,Posted: 24 September,all,Alphawar,This was a fun game.There is a lot of meaning behind this and makes you think alot about the whole Orwell consept.It can be a little slow but if you would like something that is more of a mind game I would recommend.
,Recommended,491950,26286382,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Diving Duck,"Such a very compelling story. Getting to choose how info is selected & interpretted about a person is very powerful, especially when it can so easily misrepresent who they are based on poor judgement.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,491950,26248812,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Crokoking,"The game is really great so far (Episode 1&2).Very well polished, great Story, great UI (could use a tad better click/mouseover-detection though).The game puts you in the shoes of an investigator - reading through other peoples mail, communication etc to find connections to terrorist attacks.You often have to rely on your judgement which parts to submit. They sometimes contradict each other and are submitted largely without context - so you could easily put suspicion on a person for a throwaway comment on the internet.The game really gives you a chilly feeling of ""how realistic is this?"" - its awesome so far."
,Recommended,491950,26248961,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,WinterSachi,"As a dystopia fiction and text-based games fan, I absolutely in love with the game! The plot is very intriguing, and I like the fact that it's absolutely possible to beat episodes right with the use of logic and attentive web pages and messages' reading, in other words I've played 2 episodes and haven't come across any illogical or spontaneous situations or results of my choices which is  very promising assuming how many games with non-logical consequences we have today.Looking forward to the third episode. Keep up the good work!UPD. Have finished all 5 episodes. Still as good as it was when I first wrote this review. Highly recommend!"
,Recommended,491950,26543646,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,ム Hydro,"OrwellFirst of, the game ""Orwell"" is based on the worldwidly popular novel ""1984"" by George Orwell, whose surname was picked as the game title and which is set in a totalitarian surveillance state. The game is one of the few games that are being released these days that feature unique gameplay and new ideas, although it's not as popular as it would deserve to be. I, however, bought this game during a recent Steam Sale because it struck my eye and I was interested in this.What is Orwell and how does it work you ask?Well, in general, ""Orwell"" is a game where you're supposed to stop crimes with the use of the new software called ""Orwell"" in a world that is set in our present. You were the chosen one for the new job as a government agent, alone and in charge of ""Orwell"". Your only direct communication is ""Sykes"", another agent speaking to you over a one-way-channel and evaluating your actions and decisions. At first, you're being introduced by a short cutscene about an incident that has just happened: a bombing. Now, your task as an anti-crime agent is to find out who committed the crime and later on arrest him or her. At first, you as the ""Orwell""-Agent can observe target people (you start with one that was quite obvious in the opening) with the help of 3 programs: the Reader, something to browse news and websites with, the Listener, to eavesdrop on target people once you've collected their number, and finally the Insider, where you can actively browse through the target's personal computer, once again if you collected a certain data. At first you should be browsing through their ""Timelines"", a website that is similar to social media that we have, e.g. Facebook and Twitter, collecting basic information of them, something like their name, address, birth date and so on. These information are ""datachunks"" that you can upload to ""Orwell"" to fill out the targets profile, but you must be careful, as you will not be able to remove data once uploaded. You will get to know your target pretty fast pretty soon as you can observe everything they do online. Later on, there will be so-called ""conflicting datachunks"", which include at least 2 datachunks. If you choose one datachunk out of the conflicting pair and upload it, the other datachunk will be disabled, so you have to choose wisely once again. If you've done everything right and chose after your liking you will soon arrest your first suspect, great job! After successfully managing a day, you ""log off"" of ""Orwell"" and end your day, your work is over for today. As you progress through the episodes, you'll quickly realize how complicated your ""first tutorial task"" in your new job get and how everything is connected to each other, but I don't want to spoil all your fun.""Orwell"" features 5 episodes for one price in total, releasing 1 each week, and as of 11/11/2016, 4 episodes are already out.Do I like it?I definitely do. It's not a very gameplay intensive game, but rather a point and click/drag game, with a bit of thinking involved, however, I think it's very relaxing and it features a packing story. Although, to fully understand the story you have to read everything you find, or you will only get half of the story, which is why I usually need around 90 mins for a full episode, decision making included. The game devs had a really great idea for a new video game and it's almost a bit frightening to decide, whether a person is guilty or not, only based on online data and the game also once again brings up the controversy about surveillance by the government, even in the most private sectors. I mean, you can read what they write to their closest friends and listen to their phone calls. Nonetheless, it's a very innovative game that I really enjoyed, also the soundtrack of the game fits the situation very well and overall, for a 10$ game, ""Orwell"" is a master piece. I really hope they release a second part of the game or more episodes.I definitely RECOMMEND the game, and if you're still a bit unsure, you can still try the demo and see for yourself, before you make a decision."
,Recommended,491950,32787635,Posted: 25 June,all,Nyxeia,"- 5ish hours of gameplay- Multiple endings (choices seem to matter)- Good characters- Semi good writing (it gets a little cliche sometimes)- Nice story/setting (questions dystopian mass surveilance ethics)If you liked games such as Papers, please with more story and better developed characters, this might be the game for you :)"
76561198129433641,Recommended,491950,32789544,Posted: 25 June,all,bruceavenged,"Excellent game, short but captivating story in the choose your own adventure style. Really gets you questioning if this is the way we may be heading with recent events in real life. Excellent buy on sale."
,Recommended,491950,33796760,Posted: 25 July,all,¥.J.MäLm§†££ñ ®,░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░░█░░█░░░░░░░░░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░░█░░░░████████▄▄█░░░░░██████▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▓▓▓▓▓▓█████░░░░░░░░░███████▀░░░░▀▀██████▀
,Recommended,491950,26706570,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,chcknwng,"More like an interactive storytelling, but with very well written characters that I got attached to, and the format is very fun.The only down side I can think of is that the ending is a bit out of order. I feel like it was not reasonable, because I do not see any reasons for that person doing what they did.Episode 2 was probably the high point for me. Not that it went down hill. The quality of the game was pretty consistent.In short, it's $10. Buy it. Great for the value and support the innovative devs."
76561198008053127,Recommended,491950,30497637,Posted: 13 March,all,dennis.danilov,"Orwellis a text-based game that puts you in the shoes of a crowdsourced cybersurveillance data clerk.So, in the late 2000s The Nation has been suffering from a spiralling crime rate and unstable neighbours. This propelled the notoriously authoritarian Party to power, who then passed the vague-named Safety Bill. Basically, The Nation is an Americanish country that is careening towards a police state: the Safety Bill allows the government unlimited remote access to any electronic device they can identify, and extended detentions without charge for even slightly unfortunate turns of phrase. They have bots that can sift through that data for those unfortunate phrases. However, knowing the kind of jinn they are letting out the bottle, they created the solution: ORWELL, and you. As the anonymous Investigator, a foreign citizen, you are to evaluate the “datachunks” the automated system highlights among the information on designated target persons. The police only see the datachunks you feed into the system, and will generally take them literally; they can send you texts, but that’s it. It’s up to you to balance nuance, ethics and expedience, and to choose what to submit and what not to submit.This gives you quite a bit of liberty. You can be the zealouschekist, using your omnipotent tools to not crush bones but crush souls, helping the police ravage through people’s lives. You can be the manipulator, minimizing the collateral damage and keeping the often trigger-happy police from harming their own cause. Or you can go full rebel and do your best to sabotage the investigation.Now, as a bombing kills several people, and an apparently radicalized anti-surveillance group seems to be behind it in a massive bout of irony, you are to put your Internet detective hat on, and validate the system in a trial by fire, and a race against the clock.Beyond the sometimes counterintuitive plot twists, I’ve found no issues with the game.You’ll probably like it if you likedPapers, Please."
,Recommended,491950,31470797,Posted: 30 April,all,BLAZINGTHUNDERKITTEN,"If the premise of the game has piqued your interest, go ahead and click the 'download demo' button.From the moment I started this game, I could not stop. Investigating information, sifting through what may be important and what isn't was very interesting. My first playthrough took approximately 4½ hours. I will definitely go through it again to see what the different outcomes are.Well worth the money, in my opinion."
76561198357042823,Recommended,491950,30624988,Posted: 19 March,all,pmware162,"I do agree the game is simple and quick, but still very entertaining.  I thought it was unique and really hope to see similar games."
76561198263031832,Not Recommended,491950,28165768,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,AnnaBee,"Enjoyed the premise but the lack of real choice in the outcome was dissapointing. I felt like I did not have any choice but to upload data to continue with the story and therefore come out with a predetermined end. Finished the game quickly. If I had the chance to buy it again knowing what I do now, I wouldn't, sorry. Maybe my expectations are too high as this is my first purchase in this gendre of gameplay."
76561198003586562,Not Recommended,491950,28410295,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,maneyan10,"TL;DR: great game buggered by stupid save system.Orwell is a great game, no two ways about it. Easy to get into, nice story and so forth. I didn't have a problem with any of those things, however why have I then thumbed it down?Simple, this game, like so many others nowadays, have decided that the only save function this game needs is an autosave, meaning there is no way of backtracking, no way of re-doing things. One slip up and the game will laugh in your face and call you a tosser for the rest of the game, because that slip-up meant you didn't achieve what you wanted to do. I know some people are okay with that, they feel it's more immersive or whatever, but for me it is just a huge annoyance. ""Realism"" is all well and good, but they don't make the chat convos ingame take 5 minutes per post because while that'd be realistic, it's be annoying. For me it is the same thing here and it leaves me unable to really enjoy the game because it screws me over when I can't decide which of the two vague clues are the correct one.It is a crying shame, it's a great game but the save system isn't fun for me at all."
76561198052728560,Recommended,491950,27369802,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Theo,"The game really gave a few chills, great story telling and plot twists and right music at the key moments.Really wish there was a replay episod button.Still great, 8.5/10 I'd say"
,Recommended,491950,32981968,Posted: 29 June,all,Kahn,A really engaging story from a really interesting concept. Would recommend.
76561198265014909,Recommended,491950,32784780,Posted: 25 June,all,The_Embers,"TL;DR - Orwell has an amazing story and even with limited 'gameplay', replayability and extensive amounts of text, it is still very much worth picking up.First of all, if you are unsure about this game, play through the demo. Although I didn't play through it myself I would still recommend looking at it to know what to expect from this game.Orwell is (in my eyes) more of a story than a game. Considering most of the interactive elements is just clicking through to find different bits of text only to drag them to the corresponding suspect(s), it can seem a little boring to some. However, it is the narrative of the game which is the entertaining part - not the gameplay itself.The game is quite short and through my experience, has very limited endings/differences in text. Because of this, it doesn't have much in the way of replayability, yet there is still satisfaction in noticing how certain choices would affect the story (if you decide to play through more than one). Sadly there is no option to skip through unaltered/unhelpful text and since a lot of it is time-based (by which I mean there is no button you can spam to make lines appear faster) replaying through this game can be a little arduous. Honestly, the main reason I played through this game more than twice was for the achievements, although I did find pleasure seeing the different scenarios play out.Even though so far this review could sound more negative than positive, I truly recommend Orwell to anyone who likes games with interesting narratives or who likes the idea of putting people's lives in their hands. Seriously though, you have the opportunity to REALLY mess up people's lives - and who doesn't find that entertaining?Nonetheless, this game is worth your time. It offers you the chance to consider such things like government surveillance, the idea of a 'Big Brother' and human morality and accountability. But it doesn't force you into these philosophical questions if you don't want to, and instead gives you a great story to for you to mold to your (limited) desire. Definitely not to be missed when on sale - unless you don't care for large amounts of text. Then you may not like this game."
,Recommended,491950,26426392,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,clementine,"I don't write reviews, but this game is so good that I had to. Seriously, even if you haven't read 1984, get it. If you have, all the better. Not to mention that the episodic factor that it creates keeps me constantly thinking about it and waiting for the next episode to be released - get it while episodes are unreleased, so that you can experience that feeling.Seriously. You'll love it."
,Recommended,491950,30763349,Posted: 26 March,all,ilkirk,"So good.  I suppose it's a bit ""short"" all told, but SO GOOD.  I was hooked and played all the way through in my first sitting, no breaks, because I *had* to know how it all went down.  I can't wait to play through with new decisions."
,Recommended,491950,30100459,Posted: 22 February,all,CleverKitty,"Orwell is one of the most engaging and realistic games I've every played. I never felt so conflicted over the information I was giving to the government! A beautifully designed game, I just wish it didn't have to end quietly so soon!Hopefully, an addition to the game will be made soon! :D"
76561198058578443,Recommended,491950,30177072,Posted: 25 February,all,dicegypsy,This game was so intriguing and clever.  I've played through a few times and get so many different responses depending on the choices I've made.
,Recommended,491950,29097683,Posted: 7 January,all,kaeneuksi,"Ugh. So this is one of those games I wish Steam had a 'meh' review button for.It started off strong. I really was hooked on my first playthrough. The concept is neat - you really feel like you're in charge of what information gets through and what doesn't. It took me about 3 hours (with reading everything) to get to the end my first time around. I was very disappointed it was so short - primarily because I honestly thought that there was going to be more than one case to investigate. Yeah - not the case.Since I'm an achievement ♥♥♥♥♥, I started another run through. This is where the game completely fails. It has, in my opinion, very little replay value. You start to learn that your choices don't actually do much to effect the outcome of the game. You can sort of control what happens to each person based on the information you submit, and occasionally certain things only unlock with certain choices....but other than that the dialogue is very very similar throughout. There is no fastforward button (that I could find) and no back button in case you screw up, which means you would have to completely start over if you mess up a chain of events to get a specific achievement.It took two more playthroughs (three total) of two and a half hours each (aqain, can't skip ANY dialogue) to finish all achievements (gameplay time is a little higher because I would leave it running while doing other things). I was literally not at all invested in the game at this point because the changes in dialogue/direction are so small that they reduce replay value to nill.I'm glad I got the game on sale because it's not worth $10, considering how short it is and how little replay value there is due to limitation of choice.I dunno - the concept is unique and it was fun to play the first time around, so I do recommend it if you're looking for something intriguing to play on a rainy day. But I recommend getting it on sale."
,Recommended,491950,28443970,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Matrix30815,"Imagine Big Brother today, ok throw that away. This Big Brother can determine your fate so watch out oh by the way you are big brother after the terroist attack. So go ahead try it you won't regret it with its big story line. I was hooked on the demo. Now look how many hours I got and on epsiode 4 and willing to restart.It's buggy still but I will still play it"
76561198097350274,Recommended,491950,31500775,Posted: 1 May,all,The Happy Dinosaur,"Just holy crap. This game will leave you speechless with the choices you have to make as well as the consequences of your decisionsOn top of that, it really captures the ideas behind George Orwell's book 1984, and the debate between safety and privacy.If you're a fan of trying to puzzle things out and/or the ideas in 1984 I would 100% reccomend either buying the game or at the very least trying the demo. Even that first episode has numerous scenarios that only get more intriguing later on."
76561197996381121,Recommended,491950,28883838,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,russellfs,Well I can safely say that this game proves that playing a game is different then watching one get played. The choice of what to upload is up to you. (Though somethings must be uploaded to make progress) The act of making those calls is what gives this game weight. That and the impact on the characters. This is a timely reminder of a possible near future where too much freedom is given up for security. Provided you don't mind doing a bunch of reading and not just uploading everything I can safely recommend this game.Not much re-playability but thought provoking and does not over stay its welcome.
,Recommended,491950,34474752,Posted: 24 August,all,Sultan Wilfred,Almost as fun as real cyberstalking
,Recommended,491950,34511050,Posted: 26 August,all,Kain Klarden,"Orwell is a rather mechanically simple game about seemingly objective system of surveillance and crime prevention. There was a terrorist attack and you, the independent investigator with no bias, need to feed the Orwell system with bits and pieces of information you find on possible suspects and connected people. Digging through public information, going on their social networks and blogs and digging deep, wiretapping calls and reading chats. With the idea being that there a specific data pieces that can objectively help the investigation.Of course, bits and pieces, torn out of context, are not necessarily simple to use ""objectively"" and everything can be spun and shaped in very biased directions. Which is shown in, surprisingly, mild and creeping way, for which I can praise the developers. While it doesn't touch upon more extreme examples of both governmental and public misuse of available data, which, I felt, should've been also covered, it gets the point across, not just about more in your face Orwellian government controlled things, but about a lot of things suffering from the same misuse and shaping of out of context materials - sensationalism in media, information wars between and within countries, internet heated discussions gone wrong and just about the faults of human arguments in general. There's a next ""season"" of the game announced already so there's good potential they can cover more important topics in the future, but I just hope they keep the tightly story-driven element at the core as it really is what keeps it interesting."
,Recommended,491950,34306031,Posted: 17 August,all,DeepGhosts,"This has to be the best game of its genre ever.Why?This game has a very detailed storyline and there is a sense of whatever you do will have consequences.Things matter,everything feels like a puzzle.10/10"
,Recommended,491950,29213793,Posted: 12 January,all,ReFL3X,"An interesting game but it lacks punishment and is practically impossible to screw up. It's good though and the plot hooks you quick, also it changes from the typical rebel perspective in this sort of universe to you being the Big Brother instead so it's a good game."
,Recommended,491950,29137928,Posted: 9 January,all,Leonardo Da Sidci,"Orwell has a lot of interesting concepts and provokes a lot of thoughts about privacy, security and the blurry lines of morality. It's a prettier version of a visual novel, so make sure you know that before jumping in.It's an interesting game which is very captivating. It's broken down into episodes and was released weekly at the time of release. Buying this game now will give you an ongoing playthrough of the whole story.The story and intrigue are the only thing that'll keep you interested in the game, as everything pretty much plays itself. When looking for clues and uncovering data, it'll highlight itself, so there's no real mystery solving or need for you to actually participate.Definitely give it a try."
76561197997764520,Recommended,491950,34474207,Posted: 24 August,all,Audiodragon,"Some games you play because you want to unwind, or you want to build things, or you just want to win against other people.This isn't one of those games. This one forces you to think about the new age of media and how information is stored and processed.I don't really want to talk about the things in the game, because I don't want to spoil the experience for you. This isn't really a game where you have familiar mechanics, or great graphics. It's mainly a story told to you in a way that forces you to act in how you view the concept of power. If you haven't played the game yet, don't read the next paragraph.I feel the issue with this game is mainly how much you care about being in control and in power. If you are living in a country that is democratic on paper but just shy of being a fascist nation, you prefer to be in power. There is no safety for you unless you think and act like 'one of them'.And that is fun. For me, the end of the game was largely focused on that. It was too fun to spy on people, too fun to find clues and watch them squirm. It was so fun, in fact, that the peoples whose lives you hurt mean nothing, and not only in a video game way. In the end, they were just images and phrases in a social media site out of thousands, and they all had the same issues and favourite colours and likes and dislikes. The breach of privacy that we feel stems only if we are not the ones making the breaches, and if you think about it, we all do it in a way. Stalking is exactly that. It is the power to follow someone on a social media without them knowing.I wanted to gather my thoughts a little bit more to write something more focused but I'm not sure I will be able to.TLDR: This is a game about control and power. It makes you experience it and think about it. It's short but fun in it's own way."
76561198171238315,Recommended,491950,26413847,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,danstew23,"This game is pretty fascinating, and I am looking forward to the next episodes (this is being released in episodes, bit by bit). Basically, you are being ""Big Brother"", hacking into personal files, browsing social media sites in order to solve and prevent crimes.Surely, there is a pretty obvious message here, which might be a bit too moralistic for some, but then again, I find it fascinating how you can actually upload unclear information (which is in conflict with another bit of information) and thereby push the investigation into the wrong direction.Example: One guy mentions ""torture"", but didn't mean actual physical torture, but more like ""it was torture to wait"", more like in a fun way. However, if you pull that term and upload it, you will convince your superiors that the person is actually into torturing other people, thereby painting a totally wrong picture, distorting the facts.Which is what actually happens a lot, not only on the web, irl.The game has a certain indie, Papers Please type vibe... the focus here is on the storyline and your activities, and I think it's quite fascinating. The devs did well, letting you browse websites, hack into chats, wiretap phones, hacking desktops. Sure, it will eventually feel a bit ""on rails"", as you basically look for bits marked in blue and upload them, progressing the story with that, and the relevant bits are the only ones you can use and upload... so the game kind of leads you by the hand. All you do is read and scroll, find the info, drag it to the upload queue.However... I do think that a) if you bother to read what is going on, it might actually make you think a bit, and b) the story is pretty interesting, and I can't wait to see where all this leads. Really like the periodic release... every week, there is a new episode, which you are being told about by email.In a nutshell - this is a rather interesting little game with some very cool ideas. It might make you think about the story, government involvement, whether the end always justifies the means, and you might ponder who is right and who is wrong in this story.There are some technical problems (for example, if you play this on two different devices, you might run into a problem with starting the game on one of them), but the devs are looking into any problem and are clearly communicating what is going on - nice job there.Bottom-lineGreat little game, eager to see more of it. Quite a bit of reading involved, but this game will make you think, it's an interesting take on the whole idea of Big Brother is watching you, and is quite well executed.So far: 7.5/10, score will probably go up once more episodes are released"
76561198157995820,Recommended,491950,30022389,Posted: 18 February,all,Noggin2,"Orwell. Is an awesome game, short but very full of detail. I was on my toes every second of this game, very well done. It had surprises and plot-twists everywhere. I highly recommend this game. I hope to see either a longer DLC or a new game that is like this. Very well done!  10/10 :D"
76561198052582282,Not Recommended,491950,34279416,Posted: 16 August,all,Lord von Fleck,"Too linear... basically a drag & click with cut-scenes... but what do you expect, creating a virtual internet based game... the internet is too broad for a developer to simulate adequately, so while I don't recommend the game as its severe linear nature frustrates the heck out of me... for those that don't mind a new perspective on an interactive visual-novel - you would probably enjoy it!"
76561198271930247,Recommended,491950,31230051,Posted: 18 April,all,Tubad,"Great companion to 1984Highly recomend to anyone who has read or is required to read the book 1984 by George Orwell.  It puts the entire book in  the perspective of someone who is in the story. The game starts by apealing to the need to stop a terrorist but eventually turns into something much darker than that.  If any teachers are looking for someway to show thier students just what the world of 1984 is like and to get a practical grasp of some of the aspects, than this game is perfect (if you don't mind the mild profanity). Even if you don't plan on reading the book, this is still a great game that will leave you thinking about what you just saw and how it partains to the world we live in.  Sure it may not be the most engaging or the longest game, but it still worth playing for the reasons mentioned above"
76561198048396308,Not Recommended,491950,33077950,Posted: 1 July,all,Sz_DavidHUN,"Thumb sideways, download the demo, if it's not too impressive for you, don't bother buy it.Gameplay in a nutshell:Pick the informations you think important, get stuck, pick everything, then some useless stuff (that makes no difference in the game/story/anything) triggers the next chaper after >30 minutes of ""Drag'n'Drop Simulator 2016: Conspiracy Edition"". BTW the story is not bad, makes you think about the mass suvillance, but not my kind of fun. If it seems you kind of fun, give it a try!"
76561197965271130,Not Recommended,491950,28842965,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Irreverence,"I bought the game on sale for 8€ and finished the story within 4hrs.Pros:+Important and contemporary message in the light of NSA scandals and the demise of privacy in general.+Choice matters+Original gameplay offers a new take on the genre of text adventures.+Nice interface+Unique designCons:-The hacking and surveilance parts are way off. In a game like this I would've hoped for more realism.-Even though choice matters you're being guided by your supervisor in the game. You can withhold information from him but whenever I felt like doing that it was a piece of information mandatory for the story to continue. At 2-way story-forks the most interesting option often was missing I felt, which again lead to the feeling of being railroaded.-Almost every bit of information you put into the system is commented by a pop-up comment of your supervisor which becomes a nuisance rather quickly.Conclusion:I really wanted to like this game. The theme of George Orwells ""1984"" is more relevant than ever. However I feel like the games tries too hard to hammer home their point of everybody being ""frameable"" by using one unforseeable plot-twist after another, which again is due to the supervisor railroading you. Also I would rather pay like 5€ more and have the tapped phone calls be actual phone calls instead of reading through live transcipts."
,Not Recommended,491950,26378903,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,generalzee,"A lot of people are praising this game, but it's really simple. There are very few choices with usually obvious consiquences.Most of the game feels like work. You click and drag the things that are highlighted and then the guy reveals more plot points and gives you more documents to read while you click and drag more stuff. It's made all the more painful by false ""upload"" times (really? Uploading text to the most complex security system ever takes 3+ seconds each time!? Uploading that to Google Docs takes less time than that!) and phone and text conversations that play out in real time without any voice acting, so it mostly just feels like sitting and waiting for things to get done.I understand people are interested in the story, or the greater point about surveillance, but as a game, this is just too simple. For a far better experience with a similar concept, I would highly suggest the ARG ""This House Has People In It"""
,Recommended,491950,30268002,Posted: 1 March,all,The Word-Mule,"A very interesting narrative experience that pulls you in quite well with busywork, much like Papers, Please. It has a very well-crafted and smooth user interface that could totally pass for a real spying program. The game gives you loads of freedom in how you selectively pass on information to alter the plot, and everything from what you choose to save to WHEN you choose to save it can affect the course of the story. At times, these flashpoints are signposted a little too hard, presumably to give players plenty of time to sort through the information at hand and come to a decision, but there are multiple instances when you have to make genunely DIFFICULT choices relying only on your intuition and the information you have gathered thus far. The game does not hold your hand about the consequences your actions will have.However, the ending did feel a bit contrived and (while foreshadowed well enough), not terribly well justified. I know too well the amount of work that must have gone into such an involved branching story, but the game felt too short. Just when it was beginning to get difficult and the amount of information you had to deal with started to grow burdensome, the game ends. It feels a bit rushed out the door, and doesn't give you enough of a chance to play with the mechanics and start to really sweat. Ultimately, this reveals the underlying issue with Orwell: It is not a game. It is a moral lesson wrapped in an interactive experience. The developers had something they wanted to say, and so the game must come to an end so that they can say it.I completed the 5-day story in 3-4 hours, but it has some replayability in going back to explore alternate outcomes if you had taken different paths. However, this robs the game of its magic; because you're making difficult decisions based on limited info, a blind playthrough adds a considerable amount. On your second playthrough, you're really just going through the motions to see what happens, which makes the leisurely pace at which characters interact torturous and tends to expose the man behind the curtain when you see how your choices DON'T affect the story.It has several different endings, which are well-implemented, but the circumstances of the ending's gameplay were so muddled for me that I accidentally clicked my way into an ending I didn't want because I wasn't sure how to do what I wanted to do and I was loaded down with so much unprocessed information I had had to leave for later. The fact that the game jumps at the opportunity to end instead of letting you log out on your own terms when you've done what you want to do doesn't help. This critique probably makes more sense to those who have played it.All in all, it's a brilliant little dystopia simulator with a lot of love and care poured into it, and a very pleasant and thought-provoking experience I highly recommend. Like any creation, it has its flaws, but it's well worth the price and you can tell how much work went into it."
76561197997506993,Recommended,491950,28656526,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Charha,"Orwell is a visual novel kind of game that gives you the tools to snoop into people's bank accounts, computers, private conversations and social media sites. You will have to decide which pieces of information are relevant and whether you will reveal your subject's most intimate secrets to the government surveillance program. You gradually build networks and figure out various connections.I really like the style and feel of the game. It's easy to think that Orwell gives you the opportunity to play the bad guy who merely rats out people who try to change the world for better, but in the end it's hard to point fingers. Orwell is not black and white.The game is not very hard. The graphics are clean and simple, and the writing is very immersive and every now and there's a gripping sense of urgency. In a funny way I also grew attached to these people I was surveilling and exposing. It's entertaining and good food for thought."
76561198042138446,Recommended,491950,32895979,Posted: 27 June,all,Hipster Lucario,"If you're familiar with the novel 1984, the scenarios presented will feel familiar at least, and downright disturbing at most. Although it is rather short, Orwell is only as long as it needs to be to get the point across and leave a lasting impact that will have you, even if only briefly, questioning your own morals and beliefs in the context of mass surveilence and preemptive crime prevention, with a neat little mystery/crime drama to wrap it all up in a neat, existential bow.I'd give it a 1949 out of 1984."
76561198090695449,Recommended,491950,33047567,Posted: 30 June,all,bebishenron,When I don't want to play a game that involves being eaten by animals or zombies  / killed by players / dying of hunger or freezing to death Orwell is the one for me! I find it quite relaxing actually.I get to snoop around people's lives and gather bits of information regarding their suspect (or not) lives and behaviours in order to find out who did the crime. Questions you may ask yourself- Was the colour red being their fave colour really important to know? Should you have really dobbed in that person? Then that feeling when you realise you made a mistake... DOH! and you get a bit of a verbal dressing down by someone who looks like a toothless third year maths teacher who can only afford to eat beans on toast every other day.From what I understand there are several endings to this game depending on what you do throughout - I managed to get myself arrested last time around so this time I will play by the books and hopefully not click on my own information like an untrained monkey bashing buttons and then wonder why it actually ended the way it did!
76561198267446970,Recommended,491950,33055085,Posted: 30 June,all,=7Cav= Picton,"One of the best games that I played in my life.It's intriguing,fun and scary but not scary as in cheap jumpscares,it's scary when you see the big picture,how everything is controlled and you are never really truly alone.I definitely recommend this game to anyone either you are a casual gamer or a guy/girl with 2k games on their account.Definitely reccommend this game! Investigator if you are reading,do the right thing :)"
,Recommended,491950,32952971,Posted: 28 June,all,JAME5™,"First ending I got in my first play through of the game.Meme aside, pretty good game."
,Recommended,491950,32221483,Posted: 6 June,all,M1sT3r13,"I really loved the game, the concept in this age of interweb and information makes it very interesting, replayed it a few times to see what changes and how choices affect story.Simple Concept and gameplay, and yet story keeps you engaged all the way.Lots to read.Nice story twists.Somewhat replayable, although very few huge story plots change, some are interesting thou.Felt like some choices are mandatory for the game to move forward but still there are plenty of choices to make.Short game overal.Smooth ambient soundtrack."
,Recommended,491950,30385925,Posted: 7 March,all,Bobotea,"This is the first game that I play for the forth time and trying to get the fourth ending as well as all the achievements. I'm always an impatient person.I cannot say the game is good because ""good"" is definitely an insult for this perfect game.It's a game that makes you laugh and think.Great anti-utopia game, 10/10.I'm going to play the forth time for the last four achievement. Wish me luck.Thank you SO MUCH Osmotic Studios"
76561198331593121,Recommended,491950,33421660,Posted: 9 July,all,Gemmi3,"Engrossing, enthralling and unnerving, Orwell shows how simple it is to find out anything and everything about a person just using everyday information. The influence of George Orwell and 1984 is clear, as is the reference to the modern day and current surveillance and proposed surveillance programmes. I would strongly recommend this as both an enjoyable and insightful view into the power that the information you provide can hold over you, and that Big Brother is always watching."
76561198232587456,Recommended,491950,29368330,Posted: 19 January,all,luckybuckly,"Really neat little game. Takes about an hour per episode (5 hours total) but has a really strong impact despite it being fairly short. I tried to make the ""best""/least harmful decisions throughout the game, but a lot of my decisions had unintended consequences. And I felt really bad about that, even when I wasn't playing the game. It also got me to think a lot about security and surveillance in general, like what information I have publicly available on the internet, or whether or not we should be spying on suspected criminals. Overall, the story was great and sticks with you long after you finish the game. I will definitely be playing this one again (and trying to do better)!"
76561198361138587,Recommended,491950,32207664,Posted: 5 June,all,Schnitzel,Great game with a very good story.. Sad it's not a longer gameplay than it is..
,Recommended,491950,31941803,Posted: 24 May,all,sfury.bg,"Brilliant game, great realistic writing and interface. Gives you a lot of food for thought for the current internet surveilance and general state of affairs."
,Recommended,491950,28715771,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,costacarolas,I'm into this game. It gives us a complete sensation of spying and solving government issues sitting on a computer. Very... modern. Also carries a nice story and has a cool ending. More! :-)
76561198053563332,Recommended,491950,32708890,Posted: 23 June,all,airwickfreshner,"An absolutely brilliant game, 10/10. At first glance I thought it would get boring halfway through but instead it kept sending chills down my spine and had me at the edge of my seat. The game was truly disturbing, unnerving, uncanny. A game which lives up to it's namesake and would do George Orwell proud."
,Recommended,491950,26620995,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Kafreaka,"You play as someone who works for the NSA but not the NSA for an imaginary country. It's a straight forward game, and honestly can't recommend it enough if you are someone, like me, who enjoys political story driven games. I just finished Episode 4 and god, please give me Episode 5 right now. The only downfall of the game is waiting for the next episode because you just want to know what happens next. The plot is great, all the different characters you 'interact' with are well thought out and well written. The little details, from the websites you explore to the music are fanastic. The art is beautifully done, and I really enjoy the style of everything. It's a great game for 10 bucks.Edit: After playing the last episode I would say this game in it's entirety is a blast to play with engaging storytelling right until the end."
76561198273495725,Recommended,491950,32230000,Posted: 6 June,all,Designated Bottom Fragger,"I would 100% reccomend this game. The story is rich and deep. The story get tense and emotional and I was biting my nails for the whole story. It took me 5-6 hours to complete the story but, I can imagine my self going back and sinking more hours in this game to find out the other possible outcomes."
,Recommended,491950,32743670,Posted: 24 June,all,TaNZhar,"An absolute Gem. I had just finished reading the book before playing the game, and man-this is a great game.Not much you can say without spoiling it, but its a very fun and addictive story based game where the story twists and turns. Easily one of my favorite games I've played.A must buy, however I wish that they would make a second story based on the same mechanics."
76561198073387953,Recommended,491950,28648460,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,inapropriatedino,"Wow I am more than impressed with this game. I am a big fan of the game genre of ""Papers, Please"", ""This is the police"" and similar games. I think when games explore your morals and hits you right in your cognitive dissonance. This game does this incredibly well. Surveilence is a difficult subject. There are pros and cons that vary between people.This game sets your objective as having you aid in finding the suspect for a terrorist attack. This is of course a justifiable action and is in good favor for the public. You quickly start having conflicting thoughts about whether the people you're spying on and the information you gather is relevant at all. I am the type of person who is really interested in other people's affairs. This game absolutely worked wonders on this quirk of mine because I found it difficult to resist to look deeper in people's personal lives. I bet you will too constantly convince yourself that ""this guy's past relationship drama might prove useful later"".The writing in this game is absolutely amazing in my honest opinion. This game felt real. The information layout, news articles, blogs, emails, texts, calls all felt real. The way you quickly progress from getting basic information on one person such as their name and occupation suddenly turns into having direct sneaky access to their desktop files, bank account activity and search history. You will find a lot of surprises in this game and lots of VERY difficult choices. There is a lot of conflicting ideas this game forces on you. For example you are presented with 2 or 3 very contradicting pieces of information. Sometimes it is easy to choose based on the source of where this info came from but when the consequences are severe, you are under pressure to make the right choice as there is no going back.One downfall of this game is that there are some slight errors in the scripting that messes up the flow. For example there are certain bits which I suppose are meant to be discovered in a certain sequence but its possible to do it in the wrong sequence, resulting in dialogue that doesn't fit in. Alerting the higher ups of a threat after it already happened results in them thanking you for the useful information and that they will be prepared...even though this happened just recently and they were not prepared. The game also decides on itself which information is relevant or not and kind of makes you feel bad for collecting everything you might feel is necessary but thankfully you are not outright punished for it. Another big error I noticed was with relationships. I find out that a character has been married in the past and add it to the database but the database instead labels the character as currently married which is considered as wrong information until you find out more details later.All in all these negatives do not affect the game much. This game is worth full price and I think is a must buy with a discount."
76561197993390215,Recommended,491950,29111043,Posted: 8 January,all,black_eagle,Great game.Did it in one go - it was impossible to get away from the game.
,Recommended,491950,28662392,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Ozasuke,"Wow. For fear of becoming incriminated, this game deserves my highest praise. This is a must have for its story and interactive elements and investigation."
,Recommended,491950,32451023,Posted: 15 June,all,KittenRobber,"I normally don't post reviews, but here I am.As a fan of Person of Interest, I really enjoyed playing this game.Very well designed game.Very well written storyline, love the twists as well.The game is however not very replayable due to the storyline.The game made me realise that with certain issues there's no right or wrong choices, but only what you value more.Overall this is the kind of game that makes you really consider about a lot of things in life.I really like the endings too, talk about keeping it realistic :)"
,Recommended,491950,26725513,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,dangomew,"Outstanding game. Kept me hooked the whole way. Great music and visuals, and characters that had real depth and personality. I had a lot of fun with this game and can't wait to play it again! Highly recommended and a firm favourite for me!"
,Recommended,491950,26405554,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,kmlkmljkl,"Each episode might not be very long, but so far I really love it.The music (and overall sound design) is really good, but I've noticed a lot of clicking, for instance when it switches to dramatic music. But to me this is just a minor annoyance, because it doesn't switch too often.If you like CYOA-type games, you should absolutely get this.Side note, from the screenshots I expected to be able to look through CCTV, turns out this is not the case. Can't say I'm disappointed, but it would've been cool.I may or may not update this review when later episodes come out. Probably not, though, unless they turn out to be total crap, which I doubt."
,Recommended,491950,26707525,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,CalErba420,"I usually don't write reviews because I just don't have the time.  This game at first I thought was going to be a decent game but to be honest it's a great game.  It's not long but I would play through it again and again to try different ways and see how it affects the episodes as the game progresses.  The story is actually really decent with a few suprising turns, not quite twists. It is pretty generic with the names of characters and places but the message is clear.  If you like 1984, big brother, conspiracy theory, government espionage, check it out!"
76561198255497036,Recommended,491950,26462318,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,I Clavdivs,"This is a linear gameplay experience and unfolds more as an interactive story. You are a tool of the establishment and have to read and assess data from a number of sources. This could be emails, transcripts of telephone conversations, news reports or blog posts. You will make decisions on which data to upload to Orwell so that your supervisor can direct your next course of action in the fight against terrorism. Despite the fact that it is a wholly linear experience I am really enjoying it, having just completed Episode 3. If you are a workaholic that likes gaming you may enjoy this, as it is a game that feels like a job! It is a slightly disorientating experience when you are relieved of duty at the end of the working day and finally have to return to the real world.Several of Charles Dickens' novels appeared as twelve monthly serials. People at the time were frantic by the time the next installment was due, such was the level of hype and expectation. Fortunately the episodes of Orwell are being released weekly with Episode 4 released on 10th November. Orwell thanks you for your service to the nation."
,Recommended,491950,26649128,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,TonightSociety,"This is a really clever, interesting game. Once the story got its hooks into me it wouldn't let go, and I ended up playing chapters 1-4 all at once. There is a lot of text, but it's not a slog by any means and even the parts that aren't directly relevant to your task for that day are still interesting to read for the worldbuilding and character building aspects. If you're a fan of point and click adventure games or visual novels, I reckon this will be right up your alley."
,Recommended,491950,26721314,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,DaCat,"Absolutly a fantastic game that takes a new look the goverment ""Spying"" on citizens. You start off with a single suspect, but soon uncover a new network through the internet, reading texts/calls and sending out intervention teams. I don't quite find re-play value as you kinda know all of it in the end, but it was some nice 6 hours of gameplay. This game requires that you can make decisions and search things closely.All in all, amazing game that i waited unpatiently for the nexts episodes to come out ( Got this game when episode 2 was released :D )"
,Recommended,491950,28659064,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,AshDroid,"An engrossing, narrative-based game. Like Firewatch or Gone Home, but you're sitting in front a computer screen the entire game. And there are a bit more choices to be made."
,Recommended,491950,28658217,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kyros,"Time to beat: 3 hoursRating: 9/10Ran well, very interesting, interface was pretty solid. Pretty much an interactive novel, but a good one. Only complaint is having to repeatedly jump between profiles got old after a while."
76561198028953634,Recommended,491950,26607350,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Bhaal,"For some this game may be eye-opening. It addresses the modern, information-era issues in an interesting way.Episodes 1-4 can grip you with the story, hopefully ep. 5 will keep up the good work. It took me a moment to get used to the art style but for me it is a good choice, it fits the game well."
76561198053691056,Recommended,491950,34198145,Posted: 12 August,all,Fhalmyr,"Quite interesting game concept, yet the game ended after 3 hours. Far too short for a game with this potential. Maybe there should be alot more datachunks/conflicts to compute, to make it somewhat more realistic and it would give the story more possible turns.Hope to see some DLC´s."
,Recommended,491950,28732631,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,summer1278,"Found this game accidentally. Played the demo and then finsh the rest of the game after inspired by the demo (1st ep).Great game! Every ep makes you deep into the story, BGM, the feelings of the characters, and the story itself, let you feel you are in..actually in and closer to the truth...just with this simple interface of system! So creative!It's a choice making game, choices cause the development of the story. There are true clips, nonsense clips and wrong clips. When you are struggling with them, it means you have already understood how to play it. To be honest, ORWELL may not be a good game for someone hates reading, perhaps a good practice of english reading for non-english speaking gamers.|ω・）A small tip, the listener keeps happening once you open the dialog , depends on the situation, you may want to upload sth to make the story different at the same time by swaping into other windows.You are the investigater, you are the player and you are the justice. I hope there will be more branches of the story?"
76561198059972106,Recommended,491950,26406443,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,[3MR] chazamon,"Fantastic game, one of the best I've ever played. The story has been very powerful so far, it made me feel like I was a bad person for the actions of a fictional government. I'll definitely play it through a few more times before the next episode comes out. I just can't wait to find out what happens."
,Recommended,491950,26668263,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,JoeyZio,"Outstanding game; it well exceeded my expectations. The art style, gameplay, and story is all very unique and entertaining.You'll be able to get a good few hours out of Orwell with just a single playthrough, and even more if you're the type of person to go back and try different decisions to see where the story takes you. That said, I don't think I'll go back and redo those decisions myself due to already having full knowledge of the game's plot, which would take away from the importance of those decisions that relies on you not knowing what will happen next.Definitely try out the demo -- if you're at all intrigued by it, then you'll have a blast with the rest of the game."
,Recommended,491950,33245724,Posted: 4 July,all,Sakamoto,"At first I was sceptic. I've never heard of this game. Downloaded demo and got hooked in. Instantly bought full game. It's really good. Good story, cliffhangers and some tough decisions that you need to make. Definitely recommending!"
,Recommended,491950,28163364,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Miserakle,This is like the reading a futuristic detective where you are the part of the story and can affect on it. Really good little game.
,Recommended,491950,29547133,Posted: 28 January,all,عمر,"Cool game. Part of the core design reminds me of Papers, Please, in that you feel like a reluctant government villain no matter how helpful you want to be."
76561198041681580,Recommended,491950,28175340,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,older than dirt,I tried this game because the premise seemed interesting. Now I don't want it to finish. The story line is intense and interesting. Your choices really matter as well as your powers of deduction. I HIGHLY recommend this game to all! You won't be disappointed. I look forward to what these dev's come up with next. Now back to my Neo/Sherlock Homes persona...
,Recommended,491950,28211553,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Relogos,"~3,5 Hours to beat, probably about 5 to get all achievements. It's fun but really short. Interesting story, and ""mechanics"". It's more of an experience than a game. Must buy if on sale, might buy full price."
,Recommended,491950,33451856,Posted: 11 July,all,Saint Axerror,"Highly recommended.When I saw this game for the first time, I thought ""hey, the idea is awesome, but is it done with love and care ? since it doesn't support my native language, will I be able to understand what happens in game ?""... Then I gave it a try and loved what I found.Let's be crystal clear: if you are looking for fast-paced action, this game is not for you at all. But if you like to dig, read, think, deduce, then it's totally for you. All you need is to be able to understand written english. You are never rushed, you can take all the time you need before making a choice.Basically, the game makes you in command of a powerful system able to read mails, hack phones and computer, access many databases. You are the one who can dive into this huge pool of datas, and you choose what interesting parts to transmit to police people (or to keep for yourself !). A bombing just occured and your goal is to find the culprits and make sure no other killings occur. You have a bunch of suspects and you'll have to find their secrets, relationships, motives, and finally find who is manipulating who...I had a really great time with this game, maybe you are the next one :)"
,Recommended,491950,35467518,Posted: 4 October,all,ShadowtheShep,Very well made game in my opinion. Almost feels like software in a very interesting twist on game!
76561198243623662,Recommended,491950,35215833,Posted: 25 September,all,teapun,"this is probably one of my favourite games. the characters are interesting, the story is captivating and the ability to makes choices that impact the storyline is well done. my only problem is that, due to poor eyesight, reading blocks of text was a bit of a struggle. however, the game mostly highlights important information, but perhaps a text magnifier would make it more enjoyable to read."
76561198093267531,Recommended,491950,30248686,Posted: 28 February,all,nickcriss1,A good game not unlike papers please. It has a strong story and good paceing and is only held back by being a bit to short.
,Recommended,491950,30233500,Posted: 27 February,all,t. mike,"Play as an investigator in a new secret gov. program named 'Orwell' that -- unsurprisingly -- spies on its own citizens' e-mails, phone conversations, laptops, etc., and selectively hunts for evidence of unlawful activity. The focus in this 5-part story is anti-governmental terrorism.The name Orwell is on the nose, of course, and the writing is mostly along those lines. (This game is all text, all writing, so this is very important!) It, however, begins unraveling near the end, reaching for genuine philosophical depth. A favorite moment that's a bit too prescient is at the end while digging through the (optional) files that led to Orwell's creation. One of the creators calls the program Orwellian in its sinister direction. It's meant as a pejorative. The other creators have no idea who Orwell is -- one of the most famous English writers of the 20th century, and most influential on pop culture for over 50 years. They just think Orwell is a cool name, and so they use it unironically to name their entire Orwellian program.Do you see what's neat here?I went in thinking Orwell didn't exist in this game's universe. But he does. And he's still a huge influence. The fictional government is so ignorant, run by idiots hell-bent on imaginary terrorism and protecting themselves and their interests, though, that the messages of Orwell's books are lost on them -- and they just don't care.This should sound familiar. This game felt like a fluffy beach-read dystopia in 2016, but it quickly turned accurate once January 20th rolled around in 2017. Awesome."
,Recommended,491950,28720414,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,P U S S Y C A T 🐱 |,"Cool game, is like playing the actual Big Brother Show! Recommend!~ 7/10"
,Recommended,491950,29368240,Posted: 19 January,all,ZeDoctor,"This game takes a very interesting take on the ""Big Brother is watching you"" trope. Rather than have you be a victim of surveillance you are instead, depending on how you wish to look at it, the perpetrator. This raises an interesting ethical dilemma regarding whether or not all means of gathering evidence are fair in the event of crimes such as terrorist attacks. With that said, this game is fantastic and will have you on the edge of your seat for most, if not all of the story.However, there are a few issues including.......[ For your well being and the safety of The Nation, the remainder of this post has been removed. ]﻿"
76561198197136805,Recommended,491950,26670152,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,pannaboska,"I got people falsly accusted, killed and then got myself arrested. Great Game."
,Recommended,491950,29296706,Posted: 16 January,all,caubert,"Speaking of this game.Yes I recommended it full heartedly. You still have to be a data miner nerd like I am. So actually, sry, but this is the only Unity game that has had any punch to me - but this is my thing,,,let it flow. The developers have cought with the ""mario syndrome"" - you are actually immersed by the game at once. The feeling is long lasting. (yes, it has this Civilization moment for extran minutes)What elese... well the GUI is simple, but 100% for this game, you don't need anything else to follow the STORY. And the story is coplex, multiplex and awesome. What I really like what they did is enormous backstory. You can read random web pages and that info is valid to real world, so attaching.This game is well made.The music is another topic but it's absolutely THERE! The right one.So 100% of me recommends this game IF you like datamaning/spystuff/etc....."
,Recommended,491950,31555028,Posted: 5 May,all,Seaniemaurice,"My full video review here-https://youtu.be/sW-sNEYQUxAA innovative approach to interactive fiction. Orwell has you datamine through social media and the internet to build profiles of possible suspects of terrorist attacks. Does the game do it well? Yeah, surprisingly so!For a cheap price tag and a lengthy story for what you pay, Orwell offers a captivating collection of 5 episodes as you try and uncover those responsible. Whilst the game sometimes, and only sometimes suffers from mediocre writing. Orwell is a game I will recommend to those into new and exciting ways to play a video game!"
76561198039746673,Recommended,491950,26256790,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,See you Space Cowboy...,"Edward Snowden Simulatorinb4Chapter 5: SWAT raid9/10Brilliant idea with near-flawless execution.Cons: Sounds are slightly uninspired, at worst. More use of hotkeys would have been nice.Pros: Very engaging, immersive. No real learning curve to speak of, but your choices do begin to show to have an effect. Nuance can be overlooked but is definitely there for those willing to attend to it. You feel like you had an effect on something, on an abstract representation of a world. It is up to you to engage and read as much into it as you like - the game certainly gives you that chance. This is more than a simple read.I recommend this game considering its price, and I have personally found the experience to be memorable and one of a kind."
,Recommended,491950,28217562,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,♥ sarah is strange [HK],8/10. Replayable. I wonder what happens if I didn't upload some of the info.I kinda missed wt's going on on the last episode tho
,Not Recommended,491950,28144558,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Afevis Solmunko,"Eh.It's fun. It's sorta what I wanted, but you have your hand held the entire way through the 3~4 hour story with little to no ways to actually fail. I wouldn't recommend it. Instead, wait for Need to Know to come out, the game that this one was supposed to be."
76561198086458274,Recommended,491950,28653480,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,jtlenton,"The game (for the most part) gives you the feeling that your decisions make a real effect, and the game itself, while mechanistically simple, is intellectually and ethically challenging. Well worth a go - but don't take my word for it, get the demo.---The ORWELL system is a governmental program to monitor the digital activity of its citizens (as the Dec 2016 UK Investigatory Powers Bill comes into force, I can't help but see the irony). As you progress through the game, and are drawn into the role of digital detective (selecting the information to go to the authorities), the impact of your decisions, on what information to reveal and what to dismiss (and when, and in what context), is shown to have a real effect on the fate of the plot and the cast. Will you endeavour to solve the mystery you are presented with using research and time, or abuse your power and pass judgement yourself? Who will you trust? By story's end, will thoughts be free, or will Big Brother be watching over all? Remeber citizen, you have nothing to fear..."
,Recommended,491950,27095521,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Suxxxit,"Predictable finale, but nicely done."
76561198150744663,Recommended,491950,26402331,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,BC5,"This game is brilliant! It has a gripping storyline and great, interesting graphics. 10/10 Can't wait for the next episode."
,Recommended,491950,26403441,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Erin,"I purchased this just to see what it was like, as it is inexpensive, and wasn't expecting a lot from it. I played day one, and was straight away pulled into the story. By the end of day two, I was engrossed, and was so disappointed when I realised I would have to wait for it! Was only three days to wait, but I wanted to know what was going to happen next!I've now just finished playing Day three, and I actually found myself, by the end, in utter shock, and had to sit for a second and collect myself. The story itself is well written, the conversations and emails you see are realistic to the point where I almost think I'm watching two real people conversing in front of me.I am waiting on tenterhooks for the next episode, 7 days away! Please give me more!"
,Recommended,491950,26402701,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Szaal,"Buy it. Definitely. BUY IT. NO, THE DEMO IS A PIECE OF CRAP (sorry, osmotic studio).I just finished ep. 3, and there's a hella choice to make (CYOA style).But the best thing that happened is, when you're pressured to do something you're supposed to do ASAPAnyway, the story improved over the 1st and 2nd ep. in the way of immersion.And never I play CYOA games that give me this kind of pressure of ""Do this! NOW!!"" while at the same time me myself struggling, should I do it? What should I do?That being said, Orwell is worth it for 7$Yes, I buy it while there's release discount :pEdit : Finish the whole episode. Being the white knight. Feels satisfied with the ending.Oh, and use the old man portrait as your profile picture. 'cuz it ad some badass value when you finish the game white knight way.  B )"
,Recommended,491950,26402889,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Arkelight,"Solid story, great concept."
,Recommended,491950,26745573,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,THE SOVIET BEAR!,"I am writing this review of my own free will, have no fear, there is no one watching me and there is obviously watching youHave a nice dayWe will see you soon"
76561198148900562,Recommended,491950,28742262,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,thantosggd,"Orwell, Honestly i a great game inspite of the fact that it's short. Because two playthroughs later, my mind is still reeling. I never read 1984 prior to playing the games (although i am defenately reading it now), although it is not necesary to enjoy yhe game. Honestly, the Choices do actually drastically affect the game in some ways but fall flat on some others. I would recommend this to anyone who either has read 1984, or has an interest in seeing why big brother can sometimes be a BAD thing."
,Recommended,491950,30385480,Posted: 7 March,all,Afterglow,"Grabbed tight hold of my intrigue in the demo, forcing me to purchase the full game.  Did not disappoint, kept gripping me by the intrigue as I played further.  Looking into each webpage to find information may sound dull on paper, but in practice, combined with listening in on phone calls and IM messages and texts, and making decisions about what information should or should not be shared with the government...  It's a thrill in its own right.  DId I use the word ""gripping"" yet?I feel like I shouldn't share (with the gov) points of online data that are too private, or too circumstantial, but at the same time, I need to share whatever brings about justice...  But what exactly is and is not jsutice is still hard to determine while you're still junting down the mystery.  It's great!"
76561197993994557,Recommended,491950,26716834,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Mazetar,Been playing it for over an hour and so far I've enjoyed the experience.I've already done things I consider mistakes and I plan to replay the game when I'm done to correct those.
76561198046695323,Recommended,491950,29342167,Posted: 18 January,all,badshmuel,Pretty cool but short :)
,Recommended,491950,28782176,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Aliandris,"Phenomenal.Seriously thought provoking, and I genuinely anguished over my choices at the end."
76561198337731021,Recommended,491950,26361613,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,sushibeans609,"A tribute to George Orwells 1984 . Fantactic little dystopian game.As Orwell once wrote "" if you want to keep it a secret, you must also hide it from yourself"".Give this a go it's a gem"
76561198263359325,Recommended,491950,30233642,Posted: 27 February,all,bubblegamesepix,"Amazingggg. you play as a big brother type character in this society controlled by the government, at first i thought it was a simple story abotu a woman named cassandra. nope. cassandra was just one part of something huge.  every plot twist had me at the edge of my seat, i stayed up for hours on end playing! i really reccomend this if your into plot twists, story based games, and great sound effects."
,Recommended,491950,26477924,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,mjsmagalhaes,Brilliant game!Very immersive and an interesting story so far with richly constructed characters and situations.
,Recommended,491950,28630274,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Danj,"Orwell is, as you might guess from the title, a near-future dystopian terrorism thriller told through the lens of the titular national surveillance system of a fictional country called simply The Nation. You learn about the characters through their chat logs, social media and blog posts etcetera and slowly build up a picture of what is going on. But will it be the right picture, or will it lead to more bombings? Will the guilty parties get arrested or will law enforcement focus on the wrong targets? All this and more is up to you, as a faceless ""investigator"" assigned to the Orwell mass surveillance project.It looks like it was originally released episodically but it works just as well playing it all the way through. But remember: the system only makes connections based on the data YOU upload to it. If you pick the wrong information, things can go sideways very badly.I picked this game up in the Christmas 2016 sale and have enjoyed my first playthrough greatly, so I highly recommend it for anyone looking for a story and character driven thriller of this kind. Do be prepared for a lot of clicking, scrolling and dragging and dropping though."
,Recommended,491950,30311010,Posted: 4 March,all,Montalve,"It's kind of addictive to advance the story, you do feel like an intelligence analyst checking through information until you get all the tidbits necessary for your case.The only details are that yes, it depends on you checking everything and there should be things you could take back. But oh well, I suppose that is part of the fun :D"
,Recommended,491950,30115412,Posted: 23 February,all,Idhrenniell,"Ok, so first off if you like the book, 1984, I think you'll enjoy this. This was one of my favourites of the last year purely for the concept. It's very interesting and story driven, but beware it doesn't take long to complete. Overall, I recommend this game."
,Recommended,491950,26409313,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Topperfalkon,"This fantastic little game comes in a very similar vein to Papers, Please; but rather than doing a one-shot document inspection, Orwell has you using advanced surveillance technology and good old fashioned casework to piece together information on suspects connected to a terrorist attack that occurs at the beginning of the first episode. The episodes so far each focus on a core suspect, but throughout each episode you'll uncover information about other contacts who may go on to become further persons of interest. The intel you provide has an impact on the outcome of the investigation, and the ability to foil further attacksI hope the developers consider a second storyline once they are finished with the current one, as although there's plenty of content for the price, I'd probably happily pay extra for second story with the same gameplay elements, as it's rather engaging."
,Recommended,491950,26693643,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ADeadRat,"Amazing story, although it is very linear. Takes on a interesting subject. I highly recomend this game I played through it in about 4hours, money well spent I would say."
,Recommended,491950,32794113,Posted: 25 June,all,Katatonic,I just wish there was more..
76561197995760735,Recommended,491950,32791810,Posted: 25 June,all,ReSiDeNt_EviL,"I just want to say how impressed I am with this game. I felt engaged by the characters and felt my actions had genuine consequences. It raises real moral issues, with the connected world we live in, a mature and considered way. I wholeheartedly  reccomend it.If you like games such as Papers Please and This War of Mine, which examine morality and the perception of what 'doing the right thing' actually is, then this is definitely the game for you.Purchased on sale this is great VFM but had I heard about it sooner I would have been happy to have paid full price. The only minor downside is that there is very limited replayability, but for a price lower than some really average phone apps, I wasnt left feeling like I wanted more from the story.One point to note, is that there is a lot of reading. It is for all intense and purposes an interactive novel.A very good one at that."
76561197984017782,Recommended,491950,32790050,Posted: 25 June,all,Deamon59,An excellent game that is more relevant than ever with a compelling story where your choices matter.
,Recommended,491950,32932259,Posted: 28 June,all,Jernlov,"Blah Blah, it's well good."
,Recommended,491950,32922313,Posted: 28 June,all,Maxii,good but short
,Recommended,491950,33107146,Posted: 1 July,all,"Punished ""Melon"" Snake",One of the smartest games I've played in a very long time. It's so good I bought it for myself and a friend to enjoy because I felt they deserved more than I paid for the experience
76561198049219978,Recommended,491950,33094451,Posted: 1 July,all,Exer,Such an amazingly thought-out game. Thoroughly enjoyed.
,Recommended,491950,33147570,Posted: 2 July,all,Doom,"Definitely a must-have.Story is rich, soundtrack is nice.4-5 hours to finish, 7-8 to see all possible events.Definitely feels up-to-date with the recent events.."
,Recommended,491950,32955505,Posted: 28 June,all,Fuzzy,"I don't know if this game proves for me to be the perfect government employee or not.In the first four episodesI killed an innocent former soldier with PTSD and had someone unlawfully arrested.Heck, this game makes you think about your choices, what to publish online and what you better shouldn't publish.Definitely will play this another time and hide more information. I want to see how that works out."
,Recommended,491950,29054039,Posted: 5 January,all,Richard Wong,A pretty cute game. It's more or less a visual novel where you are the NSA.
76561198110483386,Recommended,491950,33060326,Posted: 30 June,all,TarjaS,I thought I'd just a take a little peek before going to bed. It's now 2:30 AM and I just finished the game. Just couldn't stop once I started.
,Recommended,491950,33064131,Posted: 30 June,all,TaillowMarill,I ruined people's lives in this game.10/10 would ruin lives again.
,Recommended,491950,32761981,Posted: 25 June,all,Adam Makepeace,"No one could be outside the system. Even you, the Investigator.You are not outside of the information at all."
,Recommended,491950,33049894,Posted: 30 June,all,CubicUnicycle50,"This game is definitely on top of my list of great singleplayer games. What I usually look for in a singleplayer campaign is good graphics and how the story goes along when you play it. And this game has all of these things. I also like the epic ending of the game, which I am not going to spoil to anybody who wishes to play after reading this. So yeah, all in all, this game definitely makes the cut."
,Recommended,491950,29433639,Posted: 22 January,all,CM ★+-Raiders-+,"Now Orwell is a game I've never really seen before, and honestly its very unique and knows how to grab your attention! This is one of the best indie games I've played (I don't play many)+-RAIDER-+ PROS:-Great storyline which changes depending on your choices, as well as different endings and such-Interesting perspective of looking at an unfortunate incident-Story really reels you back and you can't wait to play more-Nicely designed, both interface and drawings, its got the nice indie feel-Easy to play and makes you think-For the price you pay its a great little game+-RAIDER-+ CONS:-Well I was hoping that there would be audio for the calls but there isn't (not really a con just a thought)-Gotta think hard-Theres only one cutscene, maybe if there were a few more than it would have been even more interesting.-This game takes a lot a time and patienceWell this game doesn't really have any cons, its more or less my complaints. If you're the technical kind of gamer who likes to think then this game is definitely for you. Or even if you like a bit choice matters story you may enjoy this too. 10/10 (I always put 10/10 don't take my word for it)"
,Recommended,491950,32362801,Posted: 12 June,all,Blow Dog,"It's important to not be sucked in too hard by the trailers, in my opinion they make the game out to be something it isn't. But it's not a disappointment. What you have instead is a fairly captivating narrative which allows you to act as a snoop and voyeur into the lives of a group of people thought to be a sinister organisation with a view to bringing people to justice.It's not a very long experience, but has some excellent writing and although it's a little railroad, there is a sense of control you have which is enough to carry you to the end. Lovely music and really pretty UI make this a thoroughly recommended experience. I bought it at sale."
,Recommended,491950,32592537,Posted: 20 June,all,hUGO,Crikey now THIS is a game.
76561198123538487,Recommended,491950,33193366,Posted: 3 July,all,Kojas,"Pretty interesting game. Not really what I expected, but if you like visual novels and having to think (a little) then it's worth it."
,Recommended,491950,33161826,Posted: 2 July,all,twocows,"Surprisingly good. I really enjoyed it; the story and characters are compelling and it's fun. I really like how your actions have meaningful consequences within the story, too. The UI was a bit clunky at times; there were a few minor issues like how if you're inside of a conversation or something, it's not always apparent that new conversations have become available. Things like that made it so that a few times I was flipping back and forth trying to figure out what new thing opened up so I could progress the story. However, this wasn't a huge issue, at most it wasted a few minutes of my time here or there. Overall, I think it's worth playing if it sounds interesting to you."
76561198021045769,Recommended,491950,33161398,Posted: 2 July,all,Powtee,"This game was a 4 hour mind♥♥♥♥, would ride this train again."
76561198163632251,Recommended,491950,33273323,Posted: 5 July,all,vowen17,"Fantastic game. My partner had a great time laughing at the amount of swearing everytime I found something. Story is compelling choose your own adventure, well fleshed out characters. Probably got about one replay in it to pick the other options. I personally think it's worth the money!!"
,Recommended,491950,33255847,Posted: 4 July,all,Dr. Monkey: CPR,"This game is amazing, i've beeaten it once but will definatly play through another couple times for the achievements and endings. I highly recommend this game if you like dystopian fiction"
,Recommended,491950,28447314,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,TheLeetFly - Lunatic Angel,"This game really makes you think about society and surveillance.Based on George Orwells book 1982 it creates a guided story with decisions packed into 5 episodes, which will probably excite you."
,Recommended,491950,33262153,Posted: 4 July,all,obrienluck,Great game lots of twist. Worth every penny.
76561197991155047,Recommended,491950,33221811,Posted: 4 July,all,Cally,"A wonderful game.Have you played a Telltale game recently? Do you notice that most of your decisions are cosmetic or mere distractions except for the one or two major decisions? You probably have thought about that. There are a number of different reactions to this fact. Either the games are so interesting you just don't notice/care (Walking Dead), you're willing to let it slide (The Wolf Among Us), or it absolutely spoils the game by making the player feel powerless (Game of Thrones).What if there could be a game that took into account every decision the player made and changed the plot accordingly?Orwell does this. In a way that is sometimes overwhelming.The premise of the game is somewhat reminiscent of Papers, Please. You are hired as a government worker. Your job is to be connected to a massive spy-network which has access to the entire internet and can bypass all privacy settings. You're tasked with investigating a terrorist incident, finding suspects, and hopefully stopping their plans before they happen.You cannot directly decide what or who to investigate. What you do is you highlight certain passages you uncover (from people's blogs, text messages, phone conversations, etc) and submit them to the system, which will then build its case in the direction the evidence will go. One of the first conflicts you're given to resolve is the investigation of a young woman who is a political activist. One who writes on her political essays ""We are dedicated to peaceful means to promote political change,"" and then writes on her personal blog in a fit of anger: ""DEATH TO ALL WHO DISAGREE WITH US!""Do you submit the intellectual and rational example in an attempt to give the subject the benefit of the doubt, or do you decide the words spoken emotionally are her true feelings?If you're getting the impression the game is meant to be a parable about the futility of massive surveilance and how invasive it is, there's one problem with that assessment: it's possible to actually succeed and prevent crimes this way.The game gives the player a lot of credit in this respect. They don't settle for a straightforward storyline with a didactic message. There are certainly messages conveyed about surveillance and its implementation, how it affects people, etc., but the game's storyline is genuinely about the characters and the environment they're in, not a tract about politics.If the gameplay sounds boring, be assured in that the game actually manages to make many scenes genuinely tense and thrilling as well. You will scramble to acquire more datachunks before time runs out and genuinely panic at some points.It's a truly great experience, well worth the price, and I heartily recommend it because it really does make it feel like every choice you make, every little bit of data you feed to this huge system that guides the investigation really does matter.Though there is one low point which I'll discuss. It involves some spoilers, so stop reading if you want to avoid them.***spoilers***The most conflicting thing about this game is its ending. Specifically there are three different types of endings with some variations between them. In this it's again similar to Papers, Please because the endings are either ""Stay loyal to the government,"" ""betray the government,"" or ""do something else.""The problem is that none of these endings really... 'satisfy'.With Papers, Please, all the endings were satisfying. If you stayed loyal to the government, you were congratulated for being a loyal citizen. You were able to keep your job. You were assured your life would continue and it would be good for your character. This is a very satisfying ending.If you betrayed the government, you were also congratulated for doing so. You were given a vision of a new, better society you were helping to build and that you had genuinely done the right thing in helping the revolution. This is *also* a very satisfying ending. They both manage to be positive, even when the player does the exact opposite things. Perhaps it's not entirely rational, but a player who goes either path will enjoy their ending.In Orwell though... none of the endings feel completely positive.If you stay loyal to the government, if you prove the surveillance can work and bring down the terrorists and get the ""ultra-loyal"" ending, it leaves a bad taste in your mouth because you still don't feel like justice was done.If you completely disobey the government, that doesn't feel right either. It doesn't feel like the people in opposing the government are right, or even doing things out of 'necessity'.When I complete a video game, I want to feel some accomplishment. I'm fine with middling 'you did some bad things and good things, so you get a middling ending where both bad and good things happen,' but if I really put the time and effort to try to do everything 100% right by people, I want to feel congratulated with a positive feel-good ""You did a good thing"" ending. I want the game to acknowledge I tried. In that case, I didn't feel like there was enough celebration, so to speak. There's no 'ultra-happy ending'. Not necessarily a non-confrontational ending where no one is hurt, but at least one in which the guilty are punished and the innocent are spared.The options that are presented for you to choose for your 'ending' are valid choices that I liked, but I think it could've used just a little bit more development to make it feel like a 'reward'. That is my only criticism, but even then, I replayed it through to see all the different variations, so it's not a game-ruiner by any means.Again, it's recommended if you like story-oriented games with unique gameplay ideas."
,Recommended,491950,33255677,Posted: 4 July,all,Esseth,"If you like the concepts of games like ""Her Story"" and ""Cibele"" but are more IT/surveillance orientated this game will be right up your alley.It can be a bit more hand-holdy than I would have liked, but it does change it up in the later parts of the game. The game changing based on what information you do or don't provide can be interesting, although I'll be testing the extent of the changes on my next playthrough.Thoroughly enjoyed, but I do have a background in IT/investigations and surveillance."
,Recommended,491950,33242973,Posted: 4 July,all,Douchious Bagius,"Short story but it is rich, nonetheless. Your decisions do matter in the long term and you have the balance of lives in your hands on how you want to handle it. Some events happen in real time if you act quickly and other times, you could end up with someone gunned down.However, for a game released in 2016, the setting is too near the current date and think it'd be better to have it set a at least a year and a half later into the future as now it feels like I'm reliving a recent event. But that's just me."
,Recommended,491950,33199123,Posted: 3 July,all,RoseRed08,I loved everything about it. Amazing game.
,Recommended,491950,27298590,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,inZaniac,I love this visual style novel/game for the mystery and relevance to George Orwell's 1984. It has fantastic sorry and great moments of oh Sh*t what is going on. Would love to see more episodes later on
76561198061010662,Recommended,491950,26710443,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Vee,"TL;DR- Cool idea, intriguing approach, 10/10 art but atmosphere suffers from bad writingInteresting concept and appealing visuals, gameplay however gets extremely unengaging fast since the articles and timelines were not too immersive. The occasionally ham-handed and downright ridiculous writing (especially visible during moments in which characters give out important information in conversation LIKE NO REAL HUMAN BEING EVER WOULD) don't do such a story driven game favors either.All in all? I would still recommend it because it's a novel idea with a lot of potential and tries to do something different but it also has much room for improvement. I will be keeping an eye on any further games by the people responsible."
,Recommended,491950,32830631,Posted: 26 June,all,sampirebites,"I'm torn about whether or not to recommend this game. While the story has an intriguing premise and I enjoyed learning about the different characters, I was a bit disappointed. As others have mentioned, the story is quite linear and there's no point in replaying it. If you do, you can't skip the long conversations, an element that becomes tedious and annoying. This game has great potential, but I wish it offered a greater variety of paths, endings, and choices. Another issue is that there is no way to tell what information you have to process and what information is unnecessary. For this reason, you can find yourself stuck at parts, unsure of what information you're missing to trigger the next scene. At full price, I do not recommend this game. However, if you can grab it at a discounted rate, I'd say go for it. It is an enjoyable little game that is definitely worth one playthrough, but it can be slow paced at times and there's little to no point in replaying it."
,Recommended,491950,33121526,Posted: 2 July,all,TheConorTech,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAThis is amazingThis is going right next to Hacknet in my list of favorite gamesIts just amazing and beautifully built and justAAAWould buy immediately again
76561198255144596,Recommended,491950,33299542,Posted: 5 July,all,Lettuce,This game proceeded to mentally skull♥♥♥♥♥me 95% of the time.10/10
,Recommended,491950,33003553,Posted: 29 June,all,convenient.. school shooting...?,"An astoundingly gorgeous polygon-based piece with heavy implications and references to the tremendous fiction novel, 1984. Incredibly creative, with an intensive atmosphere that makes for great gameplay."
,Recommended,491950,33029684,Posted: 30 June,all,RosalieRampage,"I started playing and couldn't stop; it was so intriguing! I was a bit worried at first whether it was going to get repetitive, but the story completely gets rid of any doubts, and the choice element is neccessary, yet fantastic. It definitely kept me on my toes; very highly reccomend."
,Recommended,491950,33384983,Posted: 8 July,all,Husey,One of the games you should play at least once in your lifetime.
76561198059842963,Recommended,491950,33393518,Posted: 8 July,all,Rookpawn,"+ Abundant elements in Orwell for storytelling.+ Good UI of Orwell.+ Immersive investigating experience.- ALWAYS ""supervised"" by an advisor, lose fun of independent gaming.- Intricate clues deduce ONLY one storyline.Good as an interactive novel; better be a real-time detective game.""The crowd behave like a child: action might be necessary, but causes intense response anyway.""Overall, 7.4/10."
76561198006675472,Recommended,491950,33405372,Posted: 9 July,all,sleepyhell,"Wonderful game. It's a modern interpretation of ""1984"" and a constant 4th-wall-break. If only it was a bit longer!"
,Recommended,491950,28422091,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Yennefer for life broooo,"wow,is the only word i can say after i finished the gameThis game have a amazing story line that can let player fall into it, along the story ,you will experience all kinds of shocking part and how suspicious other charaters in the game, and apart of all that ,this game have 3 different ending for players,which make the game even better.And finally, you should BUY IT , IT IS DEFINITELY WORTH THE PRICE"
76561198121352907,Recommended,491950,30061836,Posted: 20 February,all,satyrical,"Cerebral brain that makes you think about the boundaries between prviacy, freedom, and security. 8-10 hour play through, but you'll want to play through again to see how the branching choices change the outcome for the characters. Conceptually interesting and feels realistic."
,Recommended,491950,30354118,Posted: 6 March,all,Tentacle Monster,"Orwell is brilliant.As someone who can appreciate good detective story, i really dig Orwell.It has almost no gameplay whatsoever, but it is full of awesome story, awesome dialogues, conversations and just overall it is greatly written.Story is great, if typical, characters are great as well, you can actually dig them, understand them, relate to them, but also oppose them, despise, hate them. Hell, they do feel like a real people.And BOOOOOY do i LOVE digging into peoples personal lives. I admit, i love games that allow me to investigate characters, stalk and observe them. And this game is really good at that, at providing the right feeling.Also, soundtrack is great as well, it works as intended, and it's great. Dayum, it was a long time since i felt a punch from the right use of musical score.I wish we could see Orwell evolved, though.Just imagine Orwell, but in multiplayer, with other investigators, regularly updating with new cases (every month would be optimal). Orwell has great potential, and i hope devs will do something about that."
,Recommended,491950,30273677,Posted: 1 March,all,Sir Perfluous,"Wonderful, wonderful game. Made me eternally paranoid. I question everything now."
,Recommended,491950,31146147,Posted: 14 April,all,Edelcast,"A great game and a breath of fresh air, that's for sure. Completed it in one sitting well into the night. Would definitely recommend there are some twists and turns I wasn't expecting. Well worth it's full price."
76561198006092528,Recommended,491950,26688012,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Harald B,"A gripping and chilling experience throughout. The scope is smaller in terms of the amount of days you spend and lives you cross paths with (and hours to finish a playthrough, certainly), but otherwiseOrwellis thePapers, Pleaseof the modern surveillance state.As you try to adjust to your role, the depths you have to dig and calls you have to make get tougher and more uncomfortable. Passing information on to your overzealous handler has consequences, but so does burying clues when there really are some dangerous people out there. And then there's the risk of your own interpretations being woefully off the mark..."
,Recommended,491950,29331115,Posted: 17 January,all,Heathen,"Orwellis likePapers Please, except that instead of digging through passports and paperwork in some eastern block country in the 1980s, you are trawling through emails, social media, bank accounts and more to figure out what is really going on.Of course, you don't have to readeverything. You could just rely on data matching to give you what you need! I am sure that will work out fine..."
,Recommended,491950,31523467,Posted: 3 May,all,Mercy,"Orwell is a text based story game where you are tasked to gather information about potential suspects to determine if they are guilty of crimes or not.You are in control of what information your handler will see, so you decide the angle, but he will pass the final judgement.Some information you have to send in order to progress the game at all, but there is plenty opportunity to make the quarries look as innocent or guilty as you want. There will be consequences for everything you do or even don't do.This game is a very clean and well executed delve into Big Brother and the dangers of knowing everything a person has ever said, and taking those statements out of context. It's one of those games that goes beneath peoples radar completely but is very much worth a playthrough.The 5 chapters of the game doesn't take long to go through, but has some replayability if you want to deliberately cause chaos, or save lives at certain points.7/10"
76561198005661970,Recommended,491950,29138763,Posted: 9 January,all,Beeze,A perfect example of XKEYSCORE software: NSA gets the information via the FBI's Data Intercept Technology Unit. The NSA also has the capability to monitor calls made over the Internet (such as Skype or Messenger calls) and instant messaging chats as they happen.Domestic Surveillance Techniques - Our Data Collection Program.https://nsa.gov1.info/surveillance/How Your Data Becomes Our Data; Thank you for your interest in Orwell...
,Recommended,491950,31351150,Posted: 24 April,all,Amiileigh,"Great game but really short, as you can see my game time was around 3hrs and I was hoping for more. Other than that I really loved it."
,Recommended,491950,31377910,Posted: 26 April,all,Sir Giant Hole in the Torso,"A bit of strange solutions for a couple aspects of it all, but absolutely a very smart and gripping game that hopefully makes people think twice, or even ""trice"" about mass surveillance. Pretty short story, but without a doubt worth the money and then some <3"
76561197970604245,Recommended,491950,31423957,Posted: 28 April,all,tucolabruteramirez,"One of the best and unusual video game experience of my entire life!!! Ok, you'll finish the game in a couple of hours (10 hours in my case) and it's more likely you won't play it again, but it's definitly worth it. I'd like every gamer, cinephile or book's lovers to play this game for at least 3 reasons:Immersion is at its finest, more than in any other video game, book or movie I know. It's hard to discribe, just play it!This game isn't like anything I've seen before. This is a whole new experience. I am not even sure it fits the video game category.The creators of this game had something very complex to say to the public but they explained it brilliantly.DISCLAIMER: I am happy with everything the government had done, is doing, or will do. Don't put me into jail wathever the reason is, please!!! :-/"
,Recommended,491950,29620437,Posted: 31 January,all,Winder,"There are many identities that you can choose at the start of the game.I chose to become a grandma.On the internet, no one knows you're a grandma.Jokes aside, Orwell captures what I love most about indie games: a simple idea that invokes thoughts and feelings.Orwell provides a nice overview of the current state of our privacy: constantly surveillanced, seldom noticed.I backed two other similar games on Kickstarter (Top Secret and Need To Know) wishing for the same thing I can feel playing this game: the responsibility (or the lack thereof) of spying on other's privacy, and deciding how they should be looked at or dealt with: a small oversight on a character's relationship status could make me think about it till the end of the game. Even though such details may not be important to the story, it still bothered me: because it is the identity that I altered, and there was no turning back. It fits well with doublethink, and made me Winston: I might be the only one who knows the truth that he is divorced, but to everyone else, he is still married (this circumstance did not sound familiar until I wrote that line down, makes me curious if the given decision is put in delibrately). And this thought is freightening; because ""he might be alone in holding that belief, and if alone, then a lunatic... the horror was that he might also be wrong."" This thought of people not caring about this as it serves no function, and the possibility that I might be actually wrong and it really does not matter, troubles me greatly.The mechanics are similar to what workers do at Recdep, but of course not entirely, as the purpose of Recdep does not fit the current state of politics nor the theme of this game. Instead of altering history, we are 'phrasing' history, finding quotes which can be used for our advantage and possibly against our target, the quotes may not need to be said seriously or truthfully, nor are they meant to be always perceived literally, but we use them all the same: perhap an alternate form of ""the indifference of reality"". Although not altering history in any way, you are still creating history, and that is very doublethink.Choices. Whether this is not Ingsoc is debatable, as there are preferable choices and crimethink for Ingsoc. However, choices in Orwell definitely allow the player to be as Orwellian as they wish to be, in terms of accusations. You can charge a person with crime from a single sentence and thought, some may not even be said seriously. Of course, Orwell needs to allow you the freedom of choice, because our current state of freedom allows it, or as we think. Nevertheless, the ultimate choice is still yours. In my first playthrough I decided to unbellyfeel my superior. Perhaps I will do something else next time.Overall, this game at least is able to capture the Orwellian idea of possible surveillance and control, while attempts to inform the players that we may still have the ultimate power of choice. Whether of not this game will still ring true 4 years later is uncertain for me at the moment, but as a person who loves Nineteen Eighty-Four, I am happy to see that people can make an effort to prove that oldthinkers unbellyfeel Ingsoc."
,Recommended,491950,26703952,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,ChelleShocked,"Welcome to Orwell.[TRANSLATION]: Let the mind♥♥♥♥ery begin!After playing Orwell through all five acts, I definitely have to say that this is one fantastic game and I highly recommend it, especially if you enjoy thought-provoking storylines, investigation simulation (like Her Story), and Orwellian dystopian themes.  The best quality about this game is how immersive it is - you're not just a player, you're a major component of the plot and your decisions affect it.  I can't remember the last time a game made me step back and think about how I felt about the situations presented to me, or even reconsider what I thought was the right choice.PROS:- Amazing thought-provoking storyline influenced by dystopian genres such as Brave New World by Aldous Huxley and 1984 by George Orwell.  This game allows you to decide for yourself how you perceive the situations presented to you as well as what decisions you decide to make about them.- Unique innovative gameplay that involves surveillance and data mining- Choices DEFINITELY matter, and not just on an episodic basis, but for the overall plot as well- Multiple endings, with alternative plot elements that increase replay value- Fourth wall breakage: you're not just playing the game, you're IN it- Great soundtrack- Character development is on point - not only was there development in the people I investigated, but I also felt myself developing as well.  There were multiple points that had me thinking about certain issues presented in the game, reconsidering my decisions, and experiencing many bouts of emotional conflict.  It was awesome.CONS:- Lots and lots of reading: if you don't like to read, this game is NOT for you- There's a few bugs that need to be fixed here and there- To get alternate endings, you have to make an entirely new profile and start all over.  You can't just ""see what happens with other choices"" with the same profile you've used to play through the game.Overall, for the price, it's a pretty amazing game.  Not only was it thought-provoking, but it was certainly addictive.  The gameplay length is pretty substantial and there's plenty of replay value.  So, yes, I definitely recommend this game.  I have to say this definitely ranks as one of my favorite indie games of all time.Osmotic Studios, you guys did a fantastic job with this one - keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,491950,30046261,Posted: 19 February,all,Bomadeno,"This game is pretty cool - you need to investigate people and try to prevent crimes! But then, the information you pass on can be interpretted so many ways... I was horrified when I got one person arrested and interrogated for torture. (if you do the same you'll know why!)There's a powerful message in this game (surprise surprise!) and it's well delivered. I'm not obsessed with surveillance, but this makes a strong cause for caution when using ""smart"" and time saving technology, especially where human language is involved. The game isn't preachy though, and (I think) you have a choice, which makes it fun despite the scary/serious undertone.The delivery is perfect - even though that means staring at a lot of that light blue screen, the whole thing is very immersive and feels like you're participatiung in something real."
76561198242381120,Recommended,491950,32196305,Posted: 5 June,all,bandanagirl98,"One of the most fun games i have played in a day. please, please release a sequel, dlc, or something!!! i am so excited for more like this."
,Recommended,491950,32199034,Posted: 5 June,all,SoulfulPumpkin,"Orwell is a game so close to real life, if you replaced the poly images of people in the game with real photos, it would be hard to tell the difference between reality and the game. In this game, you investigate people with articles, profiles, and other websites online, and try and piece their lives together, other people in their lives, and information, all connecting to a crime. The world set out before you is so detailed and realistic, it feels like it could exist in real life.Each website in the game has themes, different people reading and commenting etc. One of the news websites has daily articles not related to the central story, but give realism to the site. You can see how each person has changed, based on their posts on social media, see who they chat with, and piece together relationships with others.At times, this game might suffer from information overload. At some points, you will be reading an article (there is a lot of reading, like tons), and a chat will start, and other corresponding websites will pop up, leading you to feel stressed. You might miss a crucial part in a conversation, or ship over some important text. Not only this, but the sheer size of some of the websites can be overwhelming too. You might visit a medical website, and have several links taking you to products, job opportunities, contact info etc. (much like one in real life). This puts you under a lot of pressure, which works well with the game’s theme and play style.The central narrative is engaging. Right at the beginning, you get a big kick to the gut about what’s going on in this modern world, and the game does not let go of the story. At important parts of play, the music will ramp up in intensity, and it can really catch you by surprise. While there are no flashy impacts on the screen, you feel intense as you read a new article, which was just posted a few seconds ago, which reveals so much more about your case.There are a couple parts of the game I dislike. Some of them are just minor nitpicks, like no borderless window etc, but some are a bit annoying. In some chats, while you are trying to select some text, the page will move down, preventing you from reading all the background info. The relationships tree is a bit stiff too. Being able to freely drag profiles around would have made it much more accessible.This game makes you think. In game, you essentially spy on these user’s profiles and internet activity, see their private chats, read articles about court cases, and see police records about them. Right now, in real life, people could be spying on you, gathering information about you too. This ‘meta’ theme is further emphasized the more you play.If you like games like Mr. Robot:1.51exfiltrati0n.apk (for mobile, also highly recommend), where you gather information, and have free reign over important choices you make in the game, you can do way worse than Orwell."
,Recommended,491950,31997642,Posted: 27 May,all,Wulfric,"Orwell is not a game for everybody. With its deep relationships between the characters and many turning points, it will drag you inside one of the most beautiful and original plots I've seen in a videogame. It is definitely a recommended game for everyone who is into dystopian realities and everyone who likes sitting hours spying on other people's lives discovering horrifying truths. Whatever you will decide to do and how to act during the game (the choices that you make affect the story), you will have a lot to think during the credits."
76561197993272889,Recommended,491950,32097622,Posted: 31 May,all,poltrojan,"Train yourself for secret agency such as NSA, FBI, CIA. Ideally sets your mindset to intimidate, harras, spy, eavsdrop and persecute at your own judgement. Doesn't matter if innocent or not. Incriminate at your fingertips."
76561198006595716,Recommended,491950,32187801,Posted: 4 June,all,Hyperion,"This is a fantastic, narrative driven game.It is a facinating chance of connections, suspects and realistic gathering of intelligence to unravell a mystery.Simply a brillinat, definitely worth replaying."
76561198021876259,Recommended,491950,29882478,Posted: 12 February,all,gmmensi,"Excellent game, very enjoyable.It describes a very realistic society where the government decides to implement a state-of-the art electronic surveillance system (Orwell) which can be very pervasive and intrusive. You are the investigator that has to track down a terrorist group using Orwell. The developments are very intriguing.Only drawbacks I could think of: limited replayability and pretty basic, verbose game mechanics.I hope there will be a sequel or at least a dlc.Recommended."
,Recommended,491950,29756666,Posted: 6 February,all,Фида,"Compelling. Immersive. Intense. Orwell is all of these things as it shows us the future of online privacy (increasingly an oxymoron in this age) and how easy it is/will be to curtail our civil liberties, even with only the best of intentions.Much like Papers, Please, this game gives you an unpopular (to say the least) but reasonably straightforward job. Soon, however, you discover just how crucial your decisions are - and how dire the consequences can be. Of course, you are simply doing your job; you're not avillain... but, looking at your actions, are you distinguishable from one?Orwell is a game that touches on many important topics, including but not limited to...- privacy, both as a basic societal concept and as a political issue- the importance of context (and the dangers of losing/removing it)- whether the ends justify the means (openness to truth versus confirmation bias/cherrypicking)- the importance of critical reading (instead of passive credulity)- identity, which can be variously represented as one's experiences and/or past actions and/or speech (and the pitfalls of giving any one instance too much weight)- idealism and its potential for corruption- law as a power unto itselfI enjoyed andrecommendthis game for its well-paced character-driven story, effective mood-setting music, and overall attractive presentation."
,Recommended,491950,29460003,Posted: 24 January,all,Fidel Ca$hflow,Absolutely recommend this game. Amazing story telling and you easily get lost in the story and choices actually do matter. This game will make you feel conflicted and put your moral believes in question. I would say this game is better than the walking dead.
76561198044450579,Recommended,491950,29468441,Posted: 24 January,all,Spooky Squid,"It's pretty damn good. It starts off pretty slowly and linear but quickly picks up in pace and really got me intrigued. A bit further into the game I found myself spending 20-30 minutes on some choices because I simply DID NOT KNOW what to do. There really are no good choices in this game, they all have consequences you have to consider and weigh against eachother. All in all, loved it."
,Recommended,491950,31093060,Posted: 12 April,all,Reeneetje,"Really, really enjoyed this game. A must for fans of dystopian stories! Especially the last episode had a really nasty crawling-under-your-skin bittersweet twist to it."
76561198054988141,Recommended,491950,31110545,Posted: 12 April,all,uwenthil,"What I like about the game was that I went into the game trying my best to do right within the constraints of a flawed system, and...well, let's just say the road to hell is paved with good intentions. So, yes, the gameplay can be annoyingly restrictive - you won't get to make choices that you want to make sometimes - but it makes sense, given the premise."
76561198074344311,Recommended,491950,31106045,Posted: 12 April,all,zeejay94,Love the game.It's a little on the short side (finished it in about 3 hours) so it may be wiser to pick this up in a sale.
,Recommended,491950,28130135,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,imagineJack,"So I didn't stop playing this until I completed it. Like most indie games, short but amazing story. I only noticed this as it was shortlisted for an award in the Steam Awards. Without a doubt pick this up if you don't have it already. Good use of suspense, when I made a few wrong choices I definetly felt like I'd regretted it after watching what happens when you don't make the right choice. Brilliant indie game, hopefully wins an award later tonight."
,Recommended,491950,29306267,Posted: 16 January,all,[ACL] Id Lemming Hype,"Amazing story, one of the best games I have played in a long time!"
76561198037035191,Recommended,491950,30020541,Posted: 18 February,all,Username,"Besides other games near real-life graphics, immensely big worlds to explore or other ultra complex life simulators, its games like this that show the other side of the big potential computer games have for that thing called IMMERSION.And even if this statement could scare away some numb minded folks, games like this also show the potential to EDUCATE. Not in the sense of a boring lecture on morale but in the sense of a well written novel which makes you identify with the protagonists, feel with them and EXPERIENCE with them.I am well above my thirties and it is games like this that I want to shove in the face of people that still claim that computer games are childs stuff and cannot be serious and/or tackle real life issues while keeping me absolutely hooked for my playtime.People with a short attention span in reading might get a hard time because there is a lot to read but like in every good piece of art (in the broad sense of movies, books etc.) you get the most out of those where you have to invest a little bit of yourself.My suggestion:If you've read my pseudo-academical review so far, do yourself (and the devs) a favor and play this game."
,Recommended,491950,28668655,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,RionRaios,"There were times this didn't feel like a game. Just remember that the capabilities and techniques in Orwell are nothing new... a decade ago. Only the law that enables Orwell to give the State the power to arrest citizens based on the information the system provides is what's missing in many democratic nations.People interested in the effects of surveillance and such... Orwellian levels of power attached to it - like that Minority Report-like ability of the State to arrest someone based simply on ""data chunks"" and the say-so of a handler - should play this game so they can see the kind of... effects it has."
,Recommended,491950,28716668,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,liong777,"Pro'sUnique gameplay, almost like weird but i like itProbably good play time, i mean not too long and not too short, goes well with casual gamer like meInteresting plot, characters and visualizationsSuggestionsNot much of story branching, you know, like if i choose A then then he/she will live, otherwise deadYou might want to make ""real time"" scenario playing, for example, try to access the computer within certain minutes or find the proof before he/she leave, etcWell, i haven't finished it yet (day 4), but i'm enjoying it, thank you for the dev teams !!!!"
,Recommended,491950,28400223,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Medie,Never have I fallen so far down a rabbit hole.Orwell is an amazaing work. It makes you feel so dirty but clever at the same time. It really pushes all the right buttons.Pros:-Smart-Funny at times- doesn't asssume the player is dumb- Unique LookCons:- There isn't more!
76561198012023582,Recommended,491950,29473917,Posted: 24 January,all,lewrker,I wish it was more clear/easier to be subversive and still progress without spoilers. Interesting idea and brilliant execution nonetheless.
,Recommended,491950,29177513,Posted: 10 January,all,Trip,"Wow.  Just wow.  This is quite possibly the greatest game I have played in a long time.  Orwell tells a brilliant narrative in an incredibly unique way, while also making an excellent point in regard to total surveillance (hence Orwell.)  What is essentially a point-and-click game manages to create incredible suspense, much better than the likes of many free-roam games.  Due to your choices affecting the outcome of the story, Orwell is worth more than one playthrough.  I have just finished my first, and I will be starting my second playthrough immediately.10/10, would strongly recommend giving this at least one playthrough, especially given the price, particularly if you enjoy strong narratives and unique gameplay."
,Recommended,491950,30134473,Posted: 23 February,all,Wakka,"You've been selected to help the government of The Nation investigate and gather data on an activist group. You're to use their new mass surveillance software called Orwell.  Your job is to sift through all the data available to you, determine what is important, what is truth, and then submit this to the government.  If you do a good job, you could prevent future terrorism.The gameplay is pretty basic, feels a lot like just browsing the internet and reading things.  You explore websites, chat logs, phone call transcripts, etc and you use the information within to create profiles on your subjects/targets.  The game tackles the opposing viewpoints on mass surveillance, asking questions like - is it ok to spy on citizens for their own safety even if it's at the expense of some civil rights?  And where does this end?I really liked the characters in this game, they felt very real to me.  Each with their own personalities, motivations, realistic reactions to the events of the world around them.  The dialogue was interesting to read too, though I felt it sometimes moved along a bit too slow.  I enjoyed digging deep in each person's life, trying to determine their guilt or innocence.  I really liked that the game allowed me to impact events.  I could submit data that would lead to a person's arrest.  I could paint the portrait of events to wrongly accuse someone, or I could save lives by taking a terrorist off the streets.The game has 5 chapters and took me a little over 5 hours to beat.  Once you've beaten it, a recent patch allows you to go back to any previous chapter to replay it and do things differently if you wish and see how things play out.I do wish the game was longer.  I wish it allowed me to explore more narratives than simply one activist group's possible involvement in terrorism.  But for what it is, I still liked it immensely and fully recommend it."
,Recommended,491950,28620779,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,JimProton,"kindaa cool getting deep into people's lives in an effort to keep a majority safe. I didn't prevent something I could have and I flet responsible for that for the rest of the day. I think it is a pretty good game to get immersed in, even tho it focuses on immersion through reading documents and texts and stuff. Overall 10/10"
,Recommended,491950,28294834,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Kekel z Pekel,"Comparable to Papers, please! You control a surveillence platform and are tasked with a case of uncovering who's behind recent tesrrorist attack. Overall I enjoyed the experience, but would like to have more decisions and more stories."
,Recommended,491950,29026196,Posted: 4 January,all,T.Applesmith,"Engaging story but nothing revolutionary. Unqiue style of gameplay, very story/observation oriented. A bit short for the asking price, but enjoyable nonetheless."
,Recommended,491950,29065392,Posted: 6 January,all,Goatastic,"Orwell is an incredibly deep game that offers casual, but exciting gameplay. In addition to constant decision making, the game offers several huge moral choices near the end, and everything you do in the game has a consequence.I very much enjoyed the game."
76561197970502036,Recommended,491950,29080840,Posted: 6 January,all,matlock,"Great story and good gameplay.  If you like story rich games where choice matters, give this a try.Orwell is a simulation video game in which the player assumes the role of a state operative and monitors surveillance sources to find national security threats.  As the story progresses, the player will find the choices they make effect the outcome in each episode.  The game was released as a weekly, five-part serial, but if you purchase the game, you will receive all five episodes."
,Recommended,491950,29347500,Posted: 18 January,all,GiGinge,"Personally I wouldn't hesitate to give this game 10/10. Loved the concept, loved the gameplay, and the story is one of the best I've played, it's so cleverly written.Who the game is for:Anyone who likes an excellent story well told with plenty of twists and red herringsAnyone who likes games that give a message but don't shove it down your throatAnyone who likes games with consequences to your actionsAnyone who just likes the thought of snooping characters emails, blogs, computers etcAnyone who digs dystopian near future fiction and conspiracies, or who likes to solve a good mystery.Who the game is not for: (although I would recommend it to anyone with an open mind)Anyone who only enjoys action/platforming/FPS/RTS (I like all these, but this game is nothing like them, I guess that's obvious though!)Anyone with no patience, who doesn't like reading in games, or spending the time to really dig into things.The price (even not on sale) is more than fair for the depth and work that has gone into making this mini masterpiece (if you rush through, you could spend maybe 4 hours, if you take your time and try and dig into all the information, closer to 8-9 hours). It really pushes the boundaries of story telling within games, and the thrill of coming up with ideas, possibilities, then to change them totally (or not) based off of a piece of information you didnt think was relevant earlier is a real highlight).As someone else has said in their review, don't do too much digging into the story before playing, approach the game with an open mind and allow the story and gameplay to take root, play the game your own way.Basically, if anything at all about the trailers or game information intrigues you, I wouldnt hesitate to recommend it. You won't regret it.10/10 would spy again"
,Recommended,491950,28836411,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Mackenzie S.,"I just finished my first playthrough of the game and I'm absolutely amazed. As someone who loves the book 1984 by George Orwell, this brought back a lot of memories of the book for me. But it's so much more than that.Never has a game been so relevant to our issues today and in the past regarding government surveillance. It puts a real spin on the topic, as it allows you to see from the government's point of view rather than just a citizen. It may seem like just a story telling medium, which it is to a point, but it also involves making a lot of difficult choices and molding the story yourself.I highly recommend it to absolutely anyone."
,Recommended,491950,28536631,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,HydrophobikFish,"I really enjoyed it. It's a narative focused game about struggling to find the roots of a series of terrorist attacks in the city. I was really impressed by the nuance to it, there is no comically evil villain. Each character feels believable with real emotion, and behaves like a human being, to the point that you do start to have second thoughts about your mission and your motives in a very organic, real way. For a game that I assumed was giong to have a message about surveillance, it wasn't nearly as heavy handed as I expected and was a genuinely interesting, intriguing ride through. Even knowing who the suspects are, it manages to keep you guessing not just about the attacks, but the people everybody involved in the game. It may be short, but there's some replayability and I think its easily worth the 10USD.  Also the soundtrack is gnarly af."
76561198102867811,Recommended,491950,28564637,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,FlapJacker,MUST....♥♥♥♥ING.....BUYYYYY
,Recommended,491950,26727161,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Layn,Games like this renew my faith in gaming as an effective and original storytelling medium. My only complaint? Where's the next series of episodes?! Don't leave me hanging!10/10. Would surveil again.
76561198086284434,Recommended,491950,29309945,Posted: 16 January,all,DoYouEvenSweg?,"Awesome game.I've only played through it once so far, and I'm already itching to play it again.  Although I have my suspicions the story may be more linear than I thought.  Either way it's a really engaging experience and well worth you time for its comment and unique approach to a (soon to be) extremly relavent topic."
,Recommended,491950,29001546,Posted: 4 January,all,Heliosmaster,Awesome game. Loved the idea and loved the execution.
,Recommended,491950,28460578,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Spiritual Phenomenologist,The first playthrough was satisfying but the second playthrough was much better. The game feels like it is a very linear progression where one finds evidence and after moving on by submitting evidence goes on to the next chapter but when you replay it you realize that the game tricked you into providing evidence and you don't really have to provide anything and this does impact the branching story
76561198034967794,Recommended,491950,26297076,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,DankDanio,An extremely unique and fun game with a deeply interesting story and style.So far episodes 1 and 2 have been a 10/10 for me some of the most fun I have had with an indie game since FTL.And for 1984 fans out there the references littered throughout the game are a joy to find.
,Recommended,491950,31168272,Posted: 15 April,all,magiks,"a bit on the short side, but a really unique & fun adventure game that explores some interesting topics. the less you know, the better."
76561198125938005,Recommended,491950,29507936,Posted: 26 January,all,TheJarl,"This game was amazing, some of the best storylines I have ever seen. Totally recommend this game. Only if you like story games and investigation. Otherwise there is nothing really for you in the game. There were many plot-twists which I found amazing and the story made it almost impossible to log off. How they keep bringing new characters in is amazing to me, they allways introdused more stuff to do and new stuff to discover. This game was a 5/5 for me. Really great game. This is a cheap prize to pay for this game. I would like to see a 2nd part of this game, might be hard for the ending it got (do not know if it changes from person to person). Although how amazing this game turned out, the 2nd one could be amazing too.PS:If the developers ever read this, it could be cool with new investigation tools and challenges, became a bit repetitive and something the choices were a bit easy to pick from. Became a bit of a challenge towards the end though."
,Recommended,491950,26421740,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Reizl,doubleplusgood
,Recommended,491950,29222345,Posted: 13 January,all,aks,Amazing game. Super immersive story that got me hooked for almost 4 hours straight. Not going to say much about the plot as I do recommend you going in fully blind. Decent replayability especially if you're a sucker for spy/hacker games.
,Recommended,491950,26526381,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Idta,"This game is amazing!!! I love the story and the gameplay.  I really wish more games like these were created so that I can get my stalking on ;). I really hope this game does well so that the developers can make more like it but with upgraded features. It would be REALLY nice to have voice acting during the telephone calls and even videos...Perhaps in the future we can actually have real actors. I would also like to see more in depth gameplay where you actually have to think, to make choices. The gameplay is very simplistic in Orwell, but the premise is there and I think it can be built on a ton in the future. It is definitely worth the $11.00 CDN and anyone who likes a good conspiracy story should definitely get it. I always enjoyed hacking simulations and the ability to look into peoples' lives is really really fun lol. I also like how the episodes get realeased relatively quickly and you don't have to wait half a year for the next one... MORE PLEASE!!!"
76561198023302648,Recommended,491950,28621165,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,jesseoffy,I infringed suspects' privacies for the safety of my people. Suspects tried to make me turn on my government. But little did they realize I have no sympathy for suspected terrorists. Big brother: 1; Terrorists: 0.10/10 would play again and see what a weak-willed government agent would be tempted to do.
,Recommended,491950,28602954,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,My pseudonym is Ix,"Some people have called this game Orwellian (hell, it's in the name), and likened it to Nineteen Eighty-Four or Papers, Please. Personally, I'd argue its value is far greater than that; Nineteen Eighty-Four was written nearly 70 years ago and Arstotzka is an almost comically totalitarian state, but Orwell is set in what could very easily be any present-day democracy... and feels like it's set in one, too. In Orwell you are not working for glorious Arstotzka or in service to Big Brother, blithely stamping out potential traitors left, right and centre; you and all the other characters you interact with are genuinely trying to protect the people of The Nation from an evidently real terrorist threat. You spend the game trying to do good, trying to protect people, you and the supporting characters agonising over whether this data-gathering is really necessary......and then the game makes sure you realise what you've done. Superb."
,Recommended,491950,28497846,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,JohnnyCiocca,"Se você gosta de uma boa história - e de influenciar uma boa história, não importa muito o estilo de jogo, esse daqui é uma compra obrigatória! Eu imaginei dez mil coisas enquanto jogava, pra onde a história me levaria, e ainda assim cheguei a um dos finais sentindo que meu cérebro tinha explodido.10/10 would spy again."
,Recommended,491950,28520658,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,=(yIFF)= chan,"Long story short: I would recommend this game. That being said, I had a lot of criticisms--so forgive me if the rest of this seems self-contradictory. There are plenty of other reviews that thoroughly cover what the game does well.After the intriguing trailer, I found the first two episodes dissappointing. The art style was clean and pleasant as expected, but I found the characters to be boring and slightly unlikable, which prevented much investment in the story.However, the game does shift as you progress through later episodes--interesting developments, twists, overturned expectations. It wasn't phenomenal, but I did get invested, and found the whole experience ultimately worth purchasing.My biggest problem with the game--some of it felt like a trudge through data files, rather than the investigative puzzle I hoped for. The few times I was prompted with a high stakes question, where my answer actually mattered, I felt like I had to find the answer through mindless clicking, rather than any logic or puzzle solving. It felt a little pointless, honestly.In sum, I felt like the game didn't quite live up to its potential--although there were definitely moments where I felt for the characters, and was confronted with the discomfort and ethical ambiguity of violating their privacy. I was put in tense situations, was surprised, and had some control over the course of events. Despite my disappointment in the beginning, I really enjoyed the final episodes. So that's why I would recommend this game--Orwell has a novel premise that was executed fairly well, and it's defintiely an experience worth having."
76561198050293883,Recommended,491950,28803822,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,FaultyJawa,"What to say about this game....You play as a loyal outsourced investigator for ""The Nation"", and their new security program called Orwell.  The Orwell program is essentially surveillance designed to ""keep the people of the Nation safe.""  You investigate a group of individuals in an attempt to determine the culprit of a series of terrorist attacks.  Armed with the most invasive software at your disposal, you use every tool to spy on, and hopefully locate, all of the responsible parties.Personally, it took me some time to get past the eerie feeling that what I was doing to spy on the lives of these virtual people wasn't too far off from what's probably been taking place in the world for a number of years.  This aspect of the game alone can make you feel almost uncomfortable with what you are doing.  However, your contact within Orwell does well, reminding you that what you are doing is for the safety of all.The game itself, while it is a reading game at heart, does a really good job of pulling you in.  There are plot twists galore, and the game leaves you wanting to see the next piece of information you can dig up.TL;DR - If you enjoy a dystopian setting, and enjoy reading-intensive games/mysteries, then I think you'll enjoy this game.  It is a short game; only a few hours, but it is definitely worth a few bucks.  I personally hope that they can use this to make a sequel of some kind."
,Recommended,491950,29518864,Posted: 27 January,all,Rbailey18,"Loved the game, hopefully there is another to follow! Maybe the second one will be a tad longer as well!"
