user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,492290,32258886,Posted: 7 June,all,Elvi,"If you are fan of rogue-likes and/or surprisingly deep tactical combat, you owe it to yourself to get this, BUT you do need some patience, as it will take some time to learn how things work and just how deep the battle system goes and the game is absolutely brutal as far as tolerating mistakes goes. Think you can just take on that random trash mob without paying attention? Well. It was nice knowing you!Reminescent of Darkest Dungeon (and I mean that in the best of way, why I love DD), altho replace horror with comedy, dark animation style with Frozenbyte's characteristic charming animation and the DD combat system with pretty unique and new 3 lanes based real time  battle (but with frequently used pause button) based on characters with very different abilities swiching lanes rapidly and very frequently to dispatch various types of enemies with the strengths unique to them.Frankly, this game may seem simple and unfairly hard at first, but the tactical side of the game goes way, way deeper than it may seem at first and eventually, when you learn the ropes, it will become more akin to playing a chess game, as it's mostly about planning ahead and positioning than anything else. I do apperciate that.On the rogue-like aspect, I think this one is done right, as you always open up new things, even when you get murdered horribly, but especially when you ""complete"" the run you start, the game opens up more and more. On that note, the difficulty of this one is really brutal, so do not even try unless you are okay with something like 10+/1 W/L scenario (and yes, you get new toys even after you lose).Sidenote: Very intuitive, easy and comfortable to play with M+KB and controller alike. I feel like I should say this after some experiences recetly."
,Recommended,492290,30783670,Posted: 27 March,all,Klips,"This game is a fun, DIFFICULT, roguelike.It has an interesting gamestyle thats a little difficult to udnerstand at first.You have to think before you attack and move your hero carefully so you are set up to attack correctly when your attacks refresh.The only other review I see is complaining about candles. You can only go back a path if you have a candle, (making it so you chose between a shop or a gamble room, ect) You shouldn't ever really need to go back but if you run into that issue more than once you're not thinking at all when you chose your next room. (BTW you get candles by killing bosses)The game is fun. I think its worth the 20 bucks if you like roguelikes and you like challenging gameplay.EDIT: After 10 Games I finally beat a playthrough and unlocked a character.  My new thoughts on the game is its like chess and a rouguelike...dont move time until you've thought at least two moves ahead."
76561198013144150,Recommended,492290,30786230,Posted: 27 March,all,azmandar,"This game is fun but not perfect.  The game has 2 major flaws.  First, the lack of infomration in the game.  I'm sure someone will write a good faq soon that will cover the pages of missing information that should be in the game I'm not talking about damage formulas and such but basic mechnics like Candles. (I saw one reviewer say darkness was random it's actually 100% non random and a good game mechanic that's not explained at all).   Also the discoverable section that shows what you the items and monsters you have seen is not too bad until you get to the monster section where no special unique abilities of the monsters are listed.  Just basic stats.  I feel like this was a major fail.The other issue is the lack of control customization.  The Controler setup is good but you will be about half blind not being able to mouse over equipment and such, I find activating spells to be a bit clunky too.  However it's that or full mouse control which is excessive.  I'd love to have some keys bound to the controler actions to give the best of both worlds.Lucky for the game that the information problem will be fixed by the community if enough people like the game well enough to play it more than a few hours.  If the game was any less fun that problem would have had be asking for a refund.  However now that I know more the game is growing on me and I do recomend it.  I'll even add a few pointers at the end for those who may want to try it out.   The control issue is also anoying but I'm getting by.You need to know that despite the silly name and backstory this game is not light.  This is a moderate to hard random death machine.  You can win in the first few playthroughts then the game gets harder and goes from 2 maps to 3 maps.  I don't see any way to go back to 2 maps.  I have got to the 3rd map and then next game died in the first fight.  If you don't like games that thrown unfair combos at you and even when playing flawless you fail then this is not the game for you.   So far I feel that the unfair poor RNG is not so bad ruin my day.  As I have learned more (things the company should have told us) I find the game resonable more often than I originally thought.  However it's still hard.A few things to help you play the game if you go that way.1. Plan a path that covers the most nodes without walking over the same road twice (you can cross the same node as long as you use a differant road)  backtracking along a road costs a candle and you will lose if you run out.2. Hover over your equipment (especaily the starting stuff) the information there is very useful3. Spells have a cool down but no mana/stamina cost so use them as much as you can (timing is important but use them every fight as they come back each fight)4. Stamina for your characters works just like the monsters.  You kick any that bump you back to the end of the line5. If you attack someone and swap so that the attacking person is now in a row behind enemies you will damage all the enemied you hit on the way back (seems to be a low percentage but not sure)6.  More monters and maps show up after you kill the final boss the first time."
76561198044600088,Recommended,492290,30972978,Posted: 5 April,all,Washasloth,"This is a very hard game at first, but once you understand the different ways in which you can swap your characters between lanes and combo off of attacks it becomes very doable and satisfying.There is some luck involved as you would expect when it comes to finding items and spells but, despite what some claim, the same is not true for the other parts of the game. As far as the gameplay goes, your success is far more reliant on skill and planning than on luck. Once I really figured out what I was doing, and after quite a few failures, I completed my first three successful runs in a row and I'm looking forward to going for my fourth. As long as you think of it as a puzzle game rather than an action game and find the patience to learn the most effective strategies, you should have a good time.Edit: I just attempted to beat the fire boss a second time without a certain spell that I had the first time, and I'm pretty sure it just wasn't possible. So there is most certainly some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t in this game, but that's what you sign up for with roguelikes. It's still less RNG based than something like Darkest Dungeon."
,Recommended,492290,31035780,Posted: 9 April,all,MajorCrasher,"Has-Been Heroes is a challenging, rouge-lite, strategy game where you control 3 heroes with the mission to get the king's daughters to school. Each time you start a new game you will encounter different enemies, items, and spells similar to other rouge-lites like issac or enter the gungeon, and just like in those games, every time you beat the game, follwing runs get longer until it reaches the true ending. Because of the rouge-lite nature of this game, what items/spells you find and what enemies you have to fight on a particular run directly influence diffculty, which can range from brutally difficult to moderatley challenging. After multiple successful runs, this game gets harder the more times you beat it, just like isaac. I feel that as a whole, this game is as fair as a rouge-lite can be, without compromising being a rouge-lite and giving a good degree of variance on each run. I have not reached the longest possible run yet, but so far I have really enjoyed playing this game and haven't felt cheated or that the game had given me no possible way to win. All in all I would reccomend this game if you really like rouge-lites and the lane based combat."
76561198048989747,Recommended,492290,34834522,Posted: 9 September,all,george,"Has-Been Heroes is a roguelike game with strategy elements.Its story is barebones but that doesn't matter as its main selling point is its gameplay. You control 3 Heroes with different characteristics and you kill enemies that come in 3 lanes with attacks and spells, as seen on the screenshots in the store page. This may seem simplistic but it isn't. On the way to the final boss you navigate the map where you can go to several locations and meet various merchants (Spell and Items and buy what they sell), Treasure Chests, Altars etc, strengthening your Heroes.As far as difficulty is concerned, other reviews vastly overstate the effects that RNG plays. Roguelikes need to balance RNG with deterministic outcomes and this game does it sufficiently well. While at first i thought the game was poorly designed after understanding the game mechanics i realised that it is actually very well designed. RNG dictates which items and spells will be sold to you, what kind of enemies will appear in combat stages and to a constrained degree the amount of damage your Heroes deal. This manages to keep the game fresh as each playthrough feels different from the last. I played about 50 hours before i felt saturation. That is more than AAA games manage to achieve.Progression wise, when a game is over, either Victory or Defeat, new items and spells are unlocked. At Victory a new Hero is unlocked and after you unlock all the basic Heroes you can try to unlock their other skins by beating the game and opening the final chest with that Hero. The new Hero skins usually have more powerfull stats than the previous ones and a different starting spell. That gives each subsequent playthrough greater variety.The strategic element appears in the positioning of you Heroes (you can switch them around every time one finishes a melee combo), the timing of your spell usage, which Hero picks which item, which Hero attacks which enemy and so on.For achievement Hunters: This game will take about 100+ hours for 100% completion.Some hints for the game:Give the +% increased critical hit chance items to the Rogue, the +% increased melee damage to the Warrior and the +% decreased spell cooldown items to the Mage. The +10 melee damage items go for a case by case choice.Try to at least get Fire Immunity to all 3 of your Heroes (the Pill items do that, like Red Pill and Blue Pill). If you can get Fire and Poison Immunity you will usually be set to win.Don't swap the Heroes with drag and drop like the tutorial suggests. Instead use the mouse wheel. Trust me it is far far better that way and less strenuous for the fingers.When 1 of the Orbs fills with souls of defeated enemies, use it immediately so the Orb empties and new souls can refill it (I mean immediately, like pause with right click and cast a spell even while souls are flying towards the Orb. If the Orb is full the souls trying to enter it will go to waste. DON'T let that happen)I fully recommend this game but advise you to check the guide section to see some mechanics because the tutorial is a little thin on info."
76561198039573115,Recommended,492290,30785472,Posted: 27 March,all,Gatts,"""One more run and then I'm done for the night""and then i did 10 more runs......if you were going to get this, but are on the fence because of some reviews you read,please try it for yourself, this game is super fun and incredibly deep."
76561198012000949,Recommended,492290,30991137,Posted: 6 April,all,emberos,"I don't review often but figured I'd do my part and try to raise the review score on this gem because I think it deserves it.  This is one of those games that somewhat defies classification as the core game play is quite unlike anything I've played before.  If I had to try, I'd say it's a cross between Darkest Dungeon, Plants vs Zombies, and Tetris - go ahead and scratch your noggin on that one for awhile :DI think people that have put any time in the game would get what I'm saying though - at certain points as I am watching lanes approach and am doing math on stamina to figure out where my 1, 2, and 3 attacks fit, it just brings me back to my days as a kid playing Tetris and manically trying to figure where I was going to put the blocks as they dropped . . . and kind of like Tetris, my failures feed me to get better and better and . . .I will say there is no hand-holding here and the initial learning curve is a bit steep - but once you get some unlocks going, the game really opens up and there are all kinds of interesting interactions and strategies that develop.  There is also definitely a bit of RNG on how well each run will treat you in terms of items and spells - but making a ""bad hand"" work is part of the challenge and joy.I'm 20ish hours in and I've unlocked 4 of the additional variant heroes.  I *thought* I had unlocked a good number of spells but then I looked at the Unlock section of the game and realized I haven't even scratched the surface.  The game is not perfect and could use some polishing and perhaps the devs will do that.  But, all in all, the core gameplay is so engaging that I can overlook the other things.  I will say, even on PC, it feels better with a controller so take note of that.At any rate, I'm guessing I'll easily cross 100 hours before I'm done with this - for $20, that's a far better value than the quarter arcade as a kid.  The game is not for everyone and will probably frustrate some . . . but if you enjoy games that challenge your creativity and perserverance simultaneously, this one might just scratch the itch for awhile."
76561197977604040,Recommended,492290,30828287,Posted: 30 March,all,Nigel,"I really died often in that game and everytime I say to myself ""Come On, next time you can do it!""The try after I didn't come to the third boss (I am at 6 bosses right now). normal enemies finished me off. Well i had so much spells. Why i didn't finished it?The try after that try i don't have much spells and not much items but i finished the game....Wow, i am happy and won with crappier equipment than before.It is not random luck. You need to figure out which enemies have high priority to kill and sometimes you have luck with your items. I really love the game"
,Recommended,492290,33428295,Posted: 10 July,all,James Vagabond,"What a frustratingly fantastic game.So, you control a party consisting of three classic heroic archetypes: a rogue, a wizard, and a warrior. Of course, as usual, they have a quest to complete, but the game's token story is of little interest.The core of the game and its main strength is a very robust combat system. The battlefield is divided into three horizontal lanes, which can only be occupied by one hero at a time. One hero and however many opponents are there, that is. Your heroes aren't chained to these lanes, though, and after one of the them finishes attacking, you'll be given a chance to rearrange the formation as you see fit.Here's the catch: before you can damage the majority of your opponents with physical attacks, you'll have to break through their defenses which are represented by a number of ""stamina blocks"", which, from what I've seen so far, can vary from 0 to 50. Rogue is able to strike three times per attack, wizards strikes twice, and warriors are only capable of delivering one strike. Note that ""overkills"" (such as striking three times when your opponent only has two points of defenses left) create very underwhelming outcomes. Now have fun juggling your heroes. No, seriously; it's surprisingly fun.Then you have a bunch of other factors to consider. Each hero comes with their HP and damage stats (for instance, wizards tend to inflict varying, but always pitiful amounts of damage in melee, although there is one notable exception), certain traits (faster spell recharge, lowered melee cooldown...), and a predetermined spell, which is an ability you can activate whenever you need it, assuming it's not cooling down. And between battles, as you explore each level, your heroes will be gaining items that provide passive effects, as well as new spells, which at the very least provide some additional firepower and/or utility and at most drastically change the way you play.So, as I've said: a very robust combat system. For me it's an undeniable strength of the game, its core component that makes the whole thing enjoyable. Sadly, it comes bundled with a pretty frustrating drawback: when you start playing the game, you have absolutely no idea at all what the RNG is going to throw your away.Maybe you'll be able to get a powerful spell without having to fight a single battle beforehand, which will make the first level a breeze and turn the first boss into a pushover, paving the way for a prosperous playthrough. Maybe you'll find a trio of unlocked chests, which will provide a fair gold boost, some candles (a resource you have to spend if you wish to backtrack while traversing the map, which may sometimes be a very desirable move), keys (another resource; you use them to unlock chests, although not all of them require unlocking), and maybe even an item or two if you're particularly fortunate. Or maybe nothing of the sort is going to happen. Maybe there are locked chests all around without any keys in sight. Maybe you got a level that is very tough to traverse without missing a number of points of interest which may easily be vital, and the list of possible misfortunes goes on and on.Maybe it's going to be smooth sailing for quite a while. Or maybe everything is terrible, and the game just got harder for no good reason.I suppose it helps that whether you win or lose you make some progress: you get new spells and items for next playthroughs. Sounds nice, but there's a problem here: all items and spells that you haven't seen so far start out unidentified. Yes, it's possible to predict their purpose by looking at them. Sometimes. It's sensible to assume that a wizard probably isn't going to benefit from getting what seems to be a warrior's helmet, and the same can be said about that hefty hammer. Chances are that an executioner's mask is going to be most efficient if given to the rogue. But what, pray tell, am I supposed to think if the item in question is a frozen piece of toast or what seems to be a leech made of wood? And how is that <insert element here> spell different from the other <insert the same element here> spell? How was I supposed to get that a spell which grants a complete immunity to damage for a bit of time is represented with a fist icon? In the end what we have is a dubious mechanism that creates a needless complication, one that only goes away after you bump into it.So far I've played Has-Been Heroes for 30 hours. During the first 3-4 hours I've rapidly descended from being impressed by the game's design to being incredibly frustrated with it. That was partially my fault, I suppose: should've taken a break and returned later instead of getting more and more tilted with every unsuccessful attempt, but hindsight is 20/20 and all that. After I finally managed to pass this hurdle, the game became way more enjoyable: I became better at it, a bunch of additional and helpful content was thrown my way, I got a new hero to play with, and so on. There's still at least one milestone I haven't reached, so I'm pretty sure I'll be continuing playing the game. Even if the process is not unlike hugging a cactus. One that you really, really love or at least want to love, even despite the fact that no amount of affection can dispel its pointy spikes.I strongly suspect that if there were numerous levels of difficulty offered within the game (the current one not being the easiest one, mind you), Has-Been Heroes would become considerably more accessible and less frustrating. Sadly, no dice. At least not yet.If you're ready to fight an uphill battle, then I think Has-Been Heroes has all the chances to deliver and end up providing a truly enjoyable experience. Otherwise I don't really know what to say, because while I do believe that the game deserves attention, it may rather easily turn out to be more torturous than it ideally should've been. Tough call."
,Recommended,492290,30785061,Posted: 27 March,all,LuckyLaberdee,"I have to say this is a pretty good game, don't let the reviews from major sites discourage you.If you like roguelike games, you will like this one.Micro managing your party and min/maxing items and spells that you find/buy through out the game is key to defeat the challenging mobs & bosses.Good progression mechanic, if you happen to get a bad seed, making any progress will count towards item/spell unlocks.Unlocking additionally heroes (there is more than 3 shown) requires a complete run, which can take about an hour.There is plenty of meat to this game, and for the price I feel like it's worth it."
76561198037573413,Recommended,492290,31088524,Posted: 11 April,all,ScoobyDoomyDoom,"I would definitely recommend if you enjoy difficult rogue-lite games! The combat system is able to feel both very tactical and fast-paced at the same time with its pausing system, and making it through tough battles is feels rewarding.While there is a little bit of a learning curve to get over at first, I find there are always new strategies to try and new things to constantly unlock for future runs."
,Recommended,492290,31298737,Posted: 22 April,all,Original,"I'm a big fan of rogue lites but I love this one in particular for the following reasons:Fantastic art design and music.Streamlined so you are always moving forward.The games remembers items you've seen so you don't need to remember the details of every little thing.Core gameplay that's stupidly addictive but still very interesting and difficult at times.Overall this is currently my favorite rogue lite and nothing else comes close, a must buy if you are into this genre in any way."
,Recommended,492290,30989250,Posted: 6 April,all,Megaman,"This game is an incredible amount of fun!It's kind of a mix of a final fantasy-esque but with a bit of PvZ gameplay.Enemies come from the right and head towards your heroes, your heroes have a set of attacks and spells that they can use to kill the enemies before they reach your heroes. Sometimes you have to use a combination of attacks from different heroes  to stun enemies and do ""full"" damage to them. There's a lot of lee-way as to how you can do this, some spells let you stun enemies out right, while others help you by buffing your heroes to hit multiple times. The game flows really nicely once you get the hang of it, to the point where you feel like you're seamlessly kicking undead♥♥♥♥♥and don't want to stop.Pros:Lots of unlockables, like a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Fun, strategic gameplay, that flows really nicely.A lot of fun to try different hero comps that synergize together.Variations in enemies that make you change up your approach.Cool bosses.Dope art style, and animations.Cons:Sometimes the game can ♥♥♥♥ you with RNG, making you have to start a run over.The game can be ludicrously difficult and punishing at times ( if any of your party members die, it's game over).Some enemies and bosses feel annoying to fight against.Game doesn't explain many things outright and you have to find things out by trial and error.Story is lackluster.I would recommend you watch gameplay of battles in the game, because if you don't like the fights, you WILL NOT like this game at all, i want to say that 90% of the game is battles while the other 10% falls down to running around the map looking for upgrades or heals."
,Recommended,492290,32653985,Posted: 22 June,all,Nirrudn,"A challenging strategy game that requires lots of thought behind every action and choice.  The game is self-described as a rogue-like, but I would say it's a lot more strategy than that.  I've put about 20 hours into it across multiple platforms, and unlike most rogue-likes I never really felt the random nature of the game defined my success or failure.  I've always been able to work with what I'm given, only failing one run because I stupidly burned myself to death.The core combat mechanic revolves around stamina management and lane-swapping your heroes at the right times, and if you don't understand this, the combat will seem excessively tough.  If you pay attention in the tutorial and things 'click' for you right away, your first 2-3 playthroughs will be relatively easy.  Simply sending your party to attack whatever is in front of them will always lead to failure.The game rewards taking the longest path possible, but punishes backtracking by only allowing you to backtrack if you have candles to light the way.  Planning your route through the map is a pretty crucial step, and one you should give a fair amount of thought to.  (as an example: most of the routes shown in the screenshots on the store page here are terrible, with numerous map nodes, and therefore potential items & spells to help you, missed)The initial enemy variety is low: you'll basically only see skeletons or plants until you have a few successful runs to unlock more enemies.  Even as you unlock more enemy types though, like zombies or elementals, the vast majority of your opponents will be various types of skeletons.  The various skeletons do act differently and require differing strategies and characters to overcome, so this is only a minor issue for me.Similarly, the initial item variety can be pretty bland.  Most items will just be +HP or +damage.  Adding stats, while useful, isn't that exciting.  Sometimes though you'll get some really neat ones, like elemental immunity or a chance for your next attack to be a guaranteed critical, and those can really alter your strategy.  The spells are usually always exciting to get though, no matter which ones you find.I was very hesitant to get this game, because I tend to dislike rogue-likes.  All said and done, this is more about strategy, and I like the game enough that I've purchased it twice:  once for PC and once for my Nintendo Switch to play on the go."
76561198263758250,Recommended,492290,31643680,Posted: 9 May,all,Etienne Zizka,"This is a great game. Best game I've played for years.It doesn't hold you hands and respects your intelligence. At first, I thought it was too hard but I kept playing. After about 50 runs, I know think it could be harder and I wouldn't mind. Practice makes perfect.I wish there were more characters to unlock but maybe that'll come as a dlc."
,Recommended,492290,31561686,Posted: 5 May,all,TomⒶrky,"Has-Been Heroes offers:-Many Many Spells to unlock-Many Items to unlock-Many enemie types to unlock-Many locations to unlock-Several heroes to unlock-Affinities to unlock (Water, Fire, Lightning,....and more I haven't got yet)-A progression system (first you will only be able to play the 1st stage, completing it will unlock a second and so on...), this will also unlock new type of spells (for example fore, water, ice, poison just to mention some). Furthermore once you bought an item you will know what it does for the rest of the game so you can plan better later on.-Awesome combos of spell (just try water/electric spells together)-Cool costumization of the three heroes as you have to decide whom you give which item/spell and the position of the spell in the characters inventory matters BIG time-An awesome art-style-A nice narrator voice-A save function-The one in a lifetime-offer to escort two princesses to their schoolThe combination of the visuals, the combos (you can become ridiculously overpowered) and the progression ascends this one to one of the best rogue-lites I have played yet.Don't listen to these ""lack of information"" winers, as figuring out what stuff means is part of the game and the first few runs are quiet short so loosing one doesen't hurt very much. Plus it is not realy hard to figure out what a symbol means.And don't listen to those below 5 h reviews telling you there is ""few variety"". Most of the enemies are skeletons yes. But if you actually engage in the game and progress several times, you will unlock LOADs of enemies, requiring you to change your tactics and adapt your gameplay.The lane swaping mechanic is fine as well after you played for some time. If you don't manage to plan ahead you don't deserve to progress further. This game will not hold your hands and if you want that, I would advice you to stay away.On the other hand if you like challanging rogue-lites this one should be up your alley."
,Recommended,492290,31045372,Posted: 9 April,all,Edge,good game
76561198004932393,Recommended,492290,30844136,Posted: 30 March,all,zaphkiel.x,"This is a game that need a few tries so you can familiarize with the system. Like all roguelike, it will also depends on your luck to get the right items at the right time. Additional characters and party mix allow for replayability and tailoring according to your liking. However, you need to earn them by completing the game!"
76561198077338154,Recommended,492290,33040590,Posted: 30 June,all,TheraNord,"Haven't played much, but I unlocked the first character and I have to say that these stamina bars are both a blessing and a curse when you have to remove it from enemies. It would be a lie to say the game gets easier once you unlock more spells or items, you just have more ways of attacking and these sweet spells do come in handy when in front of a giant horde of enemies.The RNG system is not THAT unfair as I've read in other reviews, you just need to pay close attention to lanes, stamina bars, attack meters and cooldowns on spells and all that is done with a single glance, it's just like playing chess, you watch the whole board.The story is humorous and the dialogue will make you chuckle here and there. Overall it's a good game if you like challenging gameplay and rogue-likes. I plan on playing for much longer, so just check it out if you're on the fence or you don't like it you can always refund."
76561198010268286,Recommended,492290,30796612,Posted: 28 March,all,droppy,"Amazing and fun roguelike game. Fights requires some tactical planning even though look so simple at the beginning. I've facerolled my first try to the skeleton boss but was wiped out so easily.A couple of things I feel the game misses:1) Numbers (spell cooldowns, attack cooldowns) as sometimes its hard to plan actions sequence based only on progress bars, list of buffs for a character, etc2) Various mechanic descriptions"
76561197998135672,Recommended,492290,32657276,Posted: 22 June,all,Remcycle,A nice tactical game. The game shines when you get passed the learning curve at the beginning and begin squeezing the most out of your team of heroes. Other reviews already mention everything else so I'll just contribute a thumbs up!
,Recommended,492290,30953382,Posted: 4 April,all,meatz666,"40 hour update:This game is really, really good.A great rogueliteIm playing the beta (one update ahead of master), and the balance is getting better and better. The game is getting more fair, and combined with roguelite elements done right (like tons of spells and itens, for example), and every run is successfull in a way.This is a great game, with a ver-the-top, fun as ♥♥♥♥  combat mechanic.And it's cheap. Get itThis review is a 15-ish hours with the game.Ive being reading other people reviewers, and while I respect their opinions, I believe they spent little time with this game, or any ""true"" rogue like/lite.As perfectly stated by TB, you'll enjoy a roguelike if you like the meat of the game.I really enjoy the meat of this game. It's a turn based combat system, where you attack and use spells, pretty much similar with timer rpg combat like ol' Final Fantasy.You basically have to manage cooldowns, proximity to your heroes, combos between characters, combos between spells, buffs and effects.The roguelike replayability is obtained by a series of gameplay mechanics, kinda standard of good roguelikes:- Loads of unlockables. When you get an item for the first time, you dont know what it does (a la Binding of Isaac), but after that, you'll have an advantage in your next runs, since you'll be able to combo a good Item with a specific hero/spell.- Every run puts you in a better place to reach the end: Most runs will unlock new stuff, and items you previously encontered will show their abilities. This will directly impact the run.- Every run has a defined number of maps. If you reach and kill the final boss, you get a load of unlockables, and the next run will have one more map, making the game more difficult.But the game has some dumb/strange/needed more money to develop ideas, it's not all flowers. But I'm addicted to the meat core of the game, and if you like Darkest Dungeon or Enter de Gungeon, you'll enjoy this. But the CONS:- Interface could be better, specially for swapping heroes, magic used, etc.- Game has barely tips or tutorials. I got the mechanics pretty quick, and for some roguelike gamers, figuring out the rules of the game is part of the fun.- Spell system is very random: Sometimes you cant even choose which hero gets which spell.- Levelling Heroes is not cool: Heroes have 5 spell slots, and some of the buff the spell its on. And this is really cool. But since you cant move spells between heroes or slots.- The dialog/writing between combat and events are not really engaging: So you will have to love the combat system, since you dont get the witty/good writing like organ trail, or the brand new BeholderIn the end, this is a dont-get-attached-to-your-run kinda roguelike. My favorite type of roguelike.If you like puzzle-like combo combat system, you should try.The refund period is more than enough to check if you'll enjoy. The combat system gets really good, and the game gets easier and more enjoyable, specially after beating the first/second big boss.Its funny how Steam works, right? I have some games here rated Overwh... Positive, that I couldnt care less. And this game, with only Positive, is really entertaining me. Figures... :D"
76561197970849096,Recommended,492290,31301474,Posted: 22 April,all,Elix,"Great Game =)if u get how it works its alot of fun and will give u a good amount of hours per Dollar spend ;)If u dont like repetetive games or games that are a bit harder, dont buy it, else get it as soon as u can ^^10/10 would buy it at full price again <3"
76561198037516530,Recommended,492290,33758370,Posted: 23 July,all,Barren,"I was nervous to buy this game because the reviews were good, not great.  It seemed like people thought it was unfairly hard. It's become one of my favorite all-time PC games.If you like and are decent at turn-based/pause-time strategy games, like I do, this is a game for you.The game is not unfair, at least 40-50 hours in. It's challenging, but is easier and more fair than, say, Xcom or Darkest Dungeon.Pros: Dozens of powerful amd enjoyable spells and items. Unique characters. Fair combat that packs a punch (think Darkest Dungeon). Good, persistent rogue-lite elements that reward you through character unlocks and spell/item discoveries.Cons: Don't play for the story. The desert map music is terrible, but overall the music is decent.Takes notes from games like Darkest Dungeon in terms of combat, Binding of Isaac in terms of sheer number of items/spells, and FTL in terms of map traversal. The unique element is the lane swapping, which is fair and cool once you get the hang of it. (After every attack you can move every character into whichever lane you choose.)9/10"
76561198073437987,Recommended,492290,31024441,Posted: 8 April,all,Krolon,This game is very different than other games i have played. The overall idea behind the laned combat adds alot of depth and thought into the combat on who to put where when and who to try to kill first. The game is reasonably difficult too. Overall i like the game and would reccommend it
76561197988547445,Recommended,492290,31082906,Posted: 11 April,all,Zeromus,"This game is super fun.  A real brain burner, great difficulty, tons of unlockables for meanful progression.  Currently lined up for game of the year for me."
,Recommended,492290,31057834,Posted: 10 April,all,Skulleater,"I like it so far, it's very hard and I haven't been able to beat the second boss yet but I like the game.A couple of thing I'd like to see in the future:-Difficulty slider, with the current difficulty being the second hardest and one easier difficulty implemented.-Easier way to unlock new heroes (haven't unlocked a single one yet after 6-7 attempts)-Sometimes the levels are impossible to fully use because you get a key in the very last part and it's impossible to go back to a chest, making the keys useless. Implementing a feature that prevents this from happening would be great!- Make the mystery chest thing cheaper because it costs A LOT of money for a 1/3 chance of getting a spell (after that it'll be 2/3 but still very expensive)"
76561198061563066,Not Recommended,492290,31361443,Posted: 25 April,all,Awakening,"I cannot recommend this game to others. Pick it up on a sale later if you are interested.I don't think the game is as hard as others are saying. I have beaten it twice without dying. If you get how the game works it's challenging but not hard. The game is extremely repetitive and lacks polish in many areas. The biggest problem as many point out is that you can't switch lanes at will, even when charaters are ready. And the controls for switching lanes are also annoying. There are many other issues like noticeable low resolution artwork in some areas, an at times overly clutered UI etc.While I find the game enjoying in short bursts, I get bored after an area or two. The game is pretty much only made out of a series of repetitive battles. There isn't enough in the game to justify the price in my opinion. And I think the battle and leveling systems are not going to appeal to most RPG players."
76561198038449056,Recommended,492290,31991967,Posted: 27 May,all,vergessen,"I like this game very much. It's easy to play but hard to master. Like in Isaac you unlock the harder enemies by playing successfully, so the game adapts to ur learning speed. Also you will discover some hidden aspects, like swapping lanes after attacking to backstep enemies (but beware of burning enemies that ignite ur char in the process).I suggest trying this game and just refund it if the playstyle doesnt suit you. i Also suggest using a controller + Mouse for tooltips"
76561198000942568,Recommended,492290,31762676,Posted: 14 May,all,Noetherian,"Incredible Rogue-lite game. Tons of content, every run feels different ... Everything that you would want from a Rogue-lite game.However, what really sets Has-Bern Heroes apart is the unique combat mechanics. It took me a couple fights to get the hang of it, bit once I did, I absolutely loved it. I have never seen anything like this combat system. Check out a gameplay video on YouTube, to gets sense of how it works. The thing I love about combat is how how they mashed to create a ton of interesting tactical decisions, while still having battles that feel fast-paced.I strongly recommend the game! Easily worth paying full price for it!"
76561197966493648,Recommended,492290,30985414,Posted: 6 April,all,Sammeh,"The combat takes a few goes to get the hang of and the tutorial really only tells you the absolute bare bones, but after I got over that hurdle I'm having a suprising amount of fun. It's like some weird mashup of a 3-lane Plants vs Zombies with RPG characters, abilites and items with a layer of rogue-like procedural generation thrown on top.At least I'll say this: it won't take 2 hours to work out whether the combat clicks with you or not. If it dosen't then just look elsewhere, as that's 90% of what you'll be doing here."
76561198020124520,Recommended,492290,31004769,Posted: 7 April,all,Delamay,"If you like turn based strategy, I'd recommend this. It's a bit different, but at the core it's about planning your moves and combos with each heroes. There's a large amount of unlocks available which mixes up each playthrough."
76561198090644571,Recommended,492290,31013596,Posted: 8 April,all,cyanure,if you like rogue like and puzzle game type tetris it s a must have
76561198036016539,Recommended,492290,30949695,Posted: 4 April,all,Skyven,"The game is ok,but the controlls on PC are BS,this is a control methode that realy needs a touch screen,playing with mouse is just not so much fun.Ey a tactic game, to bad you clicked the right mousebutton once,now you are deadcause you cancelted the auto stop and cant swap heros.Better restart your adventure - again!Oh and i found no option to disable the auto pause after attacking,the auto pausei always cancel by accedentwhen wishing to pause by right click. meh!But they will fix it (mabe) so it gets a thumbs up"
,Recommended,492290,34407148,Posted: 21 August,all,illundreal,"First off this is going to be a game you're going to ""get"" and love or you probably won't like it at all so take the negative reviews with a grain of salt.The game is challenging, but it's not as hard as some other games. Personally I find it a lot easier than games like enter the gungeon which rely on more aiming and reaction times where as has-been heroes is more of a strategy game. Once you get a hang of the combat it's incredibly fun and addicting. In fact it's one of the most fun and unique turn-based combat systems I've ever played.The enemy variety is a bit lacking but you unlock more enemies as you progress through the game and it's not about the type of enemies as much as how you manage to deal with them as they spawn. If you make misplays it's easy to become overrun and die.Some cons of the game: For a roguelite the loop length is long. A full run through the game can take you 3+ hours so dying that deep in can be frustrating, but you can save and quit at any point and continue later. There's a lack of in-game explanaton of some important mechanics which can be really helpful and not-obvious."
76561197985918081,Recommended,492290,30975150,Posted: 6 April,all,Sloppy Sally,"The combat is a deep and satisfying puzzle. It's like Plants Vrs Zombies met Darkest Dungeon and after find out which parts go where, had this monsterous baby. It's the foundation of a really really great game.Unfortunately,tThis game is obviously not designed with a PC in mind and frankly looks a little unfinished. For the combat to have this many layers to it and no tool-tips is inexcuable. The game does not bother to explain itself at all, which is refreshing when you're talking about point and shoot games, but for a game like this there needs to be some documentation that players can look up. Do all water spells cause puddles? How do I know if a boss is immune to this particular spell?This is only compounded by a touch control scheme. The lane switch makes sense. It has to be that wierd and restrictive for the combat to work, but a mouse and keyboard feels imprecise and uncomfortable.But you know what? This is a very clever, thoughtful, puzzle dungeon crawler rogue-lite whatever Plants v Zombies Darkest Dungeon monster baby. If not for $20, keep it in a mind for a sale."
76561197966823216,Recommended,492290,31900900,Posted: 22 May,all,TheDarkOne,Unique turn based combo-centric combat is very orginal and fun while still being difficult. It reminds me of FTL in many ways.
76561198038363259,Recommended,492290,33741068,Posted: 23 July,all,RoutineRetter,"Like every game, this game has some good and some bad points.Let's start with the things, it does right:#1 combat system: So much fun. It feels fresh to beat down the enemies' stamina.#2 characters: A lot of different characters. Right now I have unlocked 11 different characters and they really feel different. There are 3 classes: rogue, mage and tank. You have to choose one of every class. With every sucessful run you unlock a new character. Although it is sort of stupid that you only unlock new rogues after the 7th successful round.#3 graphics: I like the comic style.Flaws:#1 randomness: As it is a rogue-like game every walkthrough is sort of randomly generated. The maps are always a bit different. There a different spells, different way points and different enemies.(edit)Which is not a bad thing. But buying spells is something I really hate. You can not really choose the spell you get. You pay and then you get any spell whether it really helps you or not. You only know the element of the spell before buying.(edit end)#2 repetition: Although it is rogue-like the enemies stay more or less the same and certain areas have certain bosses. The enemies are mostly skeletons mixed with a few ghosts and zombies (and others).#3 difficulty: In some runs you really have bad luck, with spell vendors, spell gamblers and enemies which freeze you an entire battle. You can be really skillful and still die because of a bad luck streak. You  will repeatedly see the game over screen. I won 7 games and lost 39 games. And a game can last up to 3.5h. Extremely frustrating, when you loose at the very last boss, which btw summons other bosses.At the beginning you will have troubles with the combat systems as it is sort of new. When you know how to fight this game will get a bit easier, just to become harder and harder after every successful run (more enemies, more areas).Although it has its flaws, I really like this game. The difficulty is ok for me, but it might be too hard for the non-hard core gamers. Even dying after a few hours did not stop me from coming back again and again.Buy it, if you like hard games."
76561198085135600,Recommended,492290,34299986,Posted: 16 August,all,24300,"It's a challenging and punishing rogue-like. Most of the complaints here seem to be from idiots who are complaining that it's too hard or that you sometimes get bad RNG, but that's just how rogue-likes go. If you know what you're getting yourself into, it's a great game. This game is fun and original, yet challenging and requires some thoughtful decision-making once you get passed the fourth or fifth boss. Every run feels unique due to the insane amount of spells and items you can get, not to mention the roster of unique heros to take along with you. Yes, it's true, some runs feel like the odds are stacked unfairly against you but personally I enjoy the feeling of taking on a overwhelming challenge and the feeling of accomplishment when you end up surviving through it.TL:DR It's a good♥♥♥♥♥and original game, but it gets difficult so if you're a ♥♥♥♥♥ that hates a challenge and just wants to win every time don't get it lol"
76561198146450963,Recommended,492290,33420506,Posted: 9 July,all,JohnnySox,"This is Has-Been Heroes, a rogue RPG game where you go on an adventure with a band of heroes to escort a pair of princesses to school, all while destroying an army of undead soldiers. Who knew escorting princesses to school would result in an exciting adventure?The Good:The gameplay for Has-Been Heroes is different. For the most part, it reminds me of the video game “Texting of the Bread”, which is a spoof to the video game “Typing of the Dead”. Now, don’t worry. This isn’t a typing game.So, why the comparison? Well, how you attack the enemies in this game is that they all have stamina bars along with health bars. All your heroes can attack a different amount of times and in order to destroy the enemy that is the undead army, you’ll need to remove their stamina, which varies depending on the enemy, and once you’ve done that, you can do damage to them.This game does require strategy to achieve effective combat. You can pause the game at anytime to carefully map out a strategy against your enemy.The Bad:During your adventures, you’ll find a variety of Items that you can take for your heroes. When you find items for the first time, you won’t know what benefits it’ll provide until you pick it up, or purchase it if you get it at a shop.This leads to the problem that I have with these items, the fact that you can’t exchange or give them to another hero. Some of these items have benefits that’s better suited for a different hero and as mentioned before, when you find an item for the first time, it won’t display the benefits until you obtain it. Because of this, there’s always a chance that one item you pick up will not benefit the hero who got it and can discourage you when such instance happens.The Ugly:The first time that you’ll play Has-Been Heroes, you’ll notice that it will take a while to get used to the controls. I only played from the controller, so I can’t say if the keyboard & mouse is either complex or simpler.From the perspective of the controller, all the buttons have a usage and if you want to go far in the game, you’ll need to know what all the buttons do, and trust me, I’m still not used to the controls after 15 rounds playing the game.I think this is a fantastic game & should be looked at for those that are curious. As mentioned in The Ugly section, it might take you a while to get used to the game controls, but once you get past that, it should be a great experience the rest of the way."
76561198021839302,Recommended,492290,33204319,Posted: 3 July,all,NyuBomber,"At first I feared the game would feel repetivive, but what ends up happening is that the itnricacies of mechanics, enemy types, hero attributes, items, spells, and map elements creates constantly compelling tactical decision-making.Topped off by clean cartoon art and good music.I do think the dialogue could stand for sounding less stilted, but that's a minor complaint."
,Recommended,492290,34018505,Posted: 4 August,all,Puddingfudgeman,"When I started playing this game I was instantly hooked. Easy to play, hard to master. You command three heroes who each have a number of attacks. The lower the numer of attacks te higher the damage. The enemies have stanima which plays out as a shield for one attack. Match the amount of attacks with the stanima and you'll the stun the enemy. After a hero attacks in a lane, you'll be able to place another hero in that lane to attack there.These are the basics but I learned something new every time I played the game. Luck has a role too to make each game feel a little different.I would recommend picking the game up in a sale. Paying the full price seems a little excessive for a roguelike."
76561198015085390,Recommended,492290,32736732,Posted: 24 June,all,The Immortal,Pretty unique and fun gameplay. Worth a try.
76561197989930228,Not Recommended,492290,34012806,Posted: 4 August,all,bobeagle77,"If you like a game in which the odds are against you. This game is for you. The game is not challenging. Once you understand the mechanics.The main reason this game is hard is the RNG of the game. The game feels unbalance. The difficulty is all over the place. There is no reason for this game not to have a difficulty mode. Another thing thats missing is the feeling of progression. Most other rogue like games I played have a progression. The more you play and restart. The stronger you get. The better chances of progression through the map. In this game you start from scratch. The only progression is the character unlocks. Games should be fun, not frustrating. I give it a 2 out of 5."
,Recommended,492290,34248152,Posted: 14 August,all,kungfunorton,"This game is awesome.  I play it in the morning while sipping coffee, and in the evening while sipping whiskey.  Strategic roguelike you can play over and over.  And  it's the only roguelike that I've enjoyed that's held my interest past a few hours of play."
76561197998721662,Recommended,492290,32786311,Posted: 25 June,all,ian,"A little slow, but fun."
76561198353164168,Recommended,492290,30811538,Posted: 29 March,all,Straze,Amazing!! Was confused at first but now I get it
76561198011462074,Recommended,492290,33106935,Posted: 1 July,all,^4Desmond,Can't stop playing!!!!IT'S  F. AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,492290,33138108,Posted: 2 July,all,Emmet Thug Life,good game
,Recommended,492290,33961408,Posted: 1 August,all,Ortusak The Murloc,Heroes.
,Not Recommended,492290,34038344,Posted: 5 August,all,Lyrion,"Too random to be fun, game frequently puts you in situations where you will die no matter how good you are."
,Not Recommended,492290,33619543,Posted: 17 July,all,Sasquepola,Poor gameplay with poor interface. Much less fun than the gameplay videos. Avoid it if you can.
76561198042342267,Recommended,492290,33133427,Posted: 2 July,all,magicpink,Amazingly detailed and deep startegy game. Don't believe the negative reviews.
76561198071293385,Recommended,492290,30888351,Posted: 1 April,all,Eyewars The Mango Man,This game is amazing.EXTREAMLY hard though...
,Recommended,492290,33861489,Posted: 28 July,all,vicvision,Love it
,Recommended,492290,32853700,Posted: 27 June,all,Mingzhi2000,"Good idea.Bad performance,I mean the 24 fps lock"
76561198053331869,Not Recommended,492290,34067465,Posted: 6 August,all,thePossum,Gaming isn't difficult its just unbalanced and misleading. The game is not fun.
,Not Recommended,492290,31567195,Posted: 5 May,all,Skairen,"I played 4 hours of this game already and no matter what I can't finish one single run. Every single time that I have died in this game is because an unfair amount of enemies come at the same time making almost impossible for me to fight them back no matter the well I played or the objects and spells I managed to get one touch by a normal enemy in the boss fight....and I am dead. After playing 4 hours I felt no progress apart from my skill switching the heroes and let's be honest I play for fun not to be stressed, no more hours for this game I'm sorry Frozenbyte."
76561198007168828,Not Recommended,492290,31066244,Posted: 10 April,all,The DandyMan,"Looks Beautifull, Humorous Story, Core Combat Mechanic is a Cluster♥♥♥♥"
76561197972266460,Not Recommended,492290,32139284,Posted: 2 June,all,Twosday,"Apparently the devs of this game got drunk and said ""hey i know, let's make a game so unfairly difficult it just makes no sense whatsoever why it would be made in such a way.""And they just rolled with it.This is almost undoubtedly the most unfairly difficult game I've ever played. I am dying on the first battle -REPEATEDLY- because you simply cannot hope to keep up with the sheer number of enemies thrown at you at once. At first I legitimately thought it was one of those situations some games give you where you are SUPPOSED to die...but nope. It is on purpose.It's a really fantastic game idea, and one I actually really enjoy. But the unfair difficulty has made this game unplayable, and I'm really sad I went over the refund grace period."
76561198037345057,Not Recommended,492290,31244030,Posted: 19 April,all,King Joshington,"As all the other negative reviews, this game is not as good as it should be. The lack of information is a huge turn off and feels like an oversight. Seeing enemies with little symbols but having NO information about what they mean is maddening. Oh, well I see that it's ""immune"" ... glad I figured that out ALL BY MYSELF.The big turn off for me is the knockback mechanic. Setting it up so that your no-damage monk knocks the stamina off, only to have the enemy take a paltry 2 damage and then go flying and being untargetable by the other team members is stupid. I felt like I could never get my heavy hitter to connect.I get this is is supposed to be about planning your moves but it's too unforgiving and it's just too slow. The battles are tense for all the wrong reasons and just feel long and tedious.Second game I've ever refunded."
,Not Recommended,492290,30949706,Posted: 4 April,all,Rage_Sandwich,Gameplay mechanics make this game borderline unplayable. Add to the fact that there is no sense of progression leaves little reward from this game.
76561198016642262,Not Recommended,492290,33415169,Posted: 9 July,all,Lacariña,Es algo divertido pero dificil... practicamente es posible morir del todo en la primera pelea... y si avansas mucho y te mueres a volver a empezar el juego de 0%... a mi parecer solo por eso se vuelve aburrido sobretodo el echo de que no hay continuedad en el juego
76561198118693446,Recommended,492290,32755032,Posted: 24 June,all,lancer,we need chinese！！！we need chinese！！！we need chinese！！！we need chinese！！！we need chinese！！！我们需要中文！！！我们需要中文！！！我们需要中文！！！我们需要中文！！！我们需要中文！！！
,Recommended,492290,30964754,Posted: 5 April,all,Helmsguard,"Nice little game with lots of replayablity.The  game mechanics are unforgiving and sometimes even unfair. but theres nothing wrong with that. FTL and other roguelikes also did this. Controls are fine with mouse and spacebar( keyboard would be too much of a stretch to say). You can even get into a flow that I seldomly experienced in other games, almost like a rythm game."
76561197971305233,Recommended,492290,30957274,Posted: 5 April,all,Runie,"Insanely fun game with surprisingly unique turn-based/real-time-with-pause hybrid combat that takes a simple premise and absolutely goes to town with it, providing a game that is easy to pick up, but deeper than you might imagine if you decide to jump down the proverbial rabbit hole.It's admittedly not for everyone... the aesthetics are kinda meh, and if you lose even one party member, you have to restart your run from the beginning (though I personally have found the game to be vastly more forgiving than other rogue-likes/rogue-lites).But if you want some fantastic gameplay, this game has one heck of a battle system to sink your teeth into.  And if you're into unlockables, there's TONS."
76561198038030390,Recommended,492290,31619610,Posted: 7 May,all,imuyloco,"Very fun game, had a blast playing it even though it's too easy when you first start the game, beating it opens up a lot of stuff to make it more challenging. After I beat it the first time around I unlocked 72 other items/enemies/spells and that is barely scratching the surface of what you can get in the game.This is not a game that a casual gamer type of person would enjoy I'd say, considering the amount of planning it takes to actually advance further into the game, you have to think about the next three moves you're gonna make before you even engage in a fight. Luckily there is a slow time feature that makes it slightly easier to plan out what you're gonna do next.Example being the mage enemy that speeds up enemies next to it, taking it out first so your enemies will be easier to handle is a smart move or the suicide bomber ice enemy that you can kill who will freeze your enemies for you when it explodes next to them is a wise choice to make in a hard fight. This game is all about making smart choices and dealing with the random elements that come with it. Being able to think on your feet is a must.You will die a lot considering the rogue-like nature of the game and not knowing which enemies will be coming next, among other factors such as which items you'll get and spells you'll be able to get from the merchants, everything is very random so if you like that like I do then you'll enjoy it.I've beat it around 3 times or so, not too hard, not too easy. A fun little real time strategy rpg experience."
76561198206416069,Not Recommended,492290,30782505,Posted: 27 March,all,atlasgcx,"same problem still annoying me after a while, and I decided that for this reason I won't recommend this game.That's a fact, so I don't really mind been downvote by fanboys.——————————————————————————Overall, it's a fun rogue-like rpg game.It is hard, but you know, rogue-like works that way. When you die more, you'll be more experinced.The point I hate the most is ""you can only swap a hero just attacked with another hero"". It would take less of our work if the game allow us to switch any 2 hero, doesn't have to involve the hero just attacked in.And it's equilvalent, think about it. It's really annoying that you have to move multiple times to swap 2 heroes."
76561198158149244,Recommended,492290,30807089,Posted: 28 March,all,tuckboat,More than meets than eye. It's a lanecombat turnbased game with a fastpaced limited option game that requires a good heap of strategy to play well. I am impressed.On the downside for a rougelike some of later game playthroughs are RIDICIOULOUSLY long. There's just no need for it and really kinda kills my desire to unlock anymore characters. However it's been a fun experience up until this frustration and I can't say I haven't got my money's worth here.Get it.
,Recommended,492290,31529713,Posted: 3 May,all,Patyk,"Very good game if you don't want to be very engaged. You must focus on what you are doing but it's not very time demanding. In some cases (item picking etc.) controls are pretty sketchy but they are easy to get used to. Unlock system could be better, but it's minor thing.Despite this few cons game has interesting mechanics and is very satisfying when everything goes good."
76561197998736104,Recommended,492290,31503297,Posted: 2 May,all,Krick,"Really good game, if you liked Faster Then Light I would defintly recommend the game then, + compared to ftl I feel exploration on map is supiror/ less punishing compared to ftl, and more strategies work, then the best strategy board enemy ship with a teleporter in ftl. Then again I haven't played ftl in ages."
