user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,492220,24452451,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,dubesor,"Great concept, terrible execution.This game is not a courtroom game or deduction of evidence/witness testimonies. It is rather a walking simulator where you try to align your actions to the evidence and timeline of the prosecution. The way to advance time is the most infuriatingly annoying mechanic I have seen in a very long time. Say for example it is 9 and you want to pass time to 10 so that you can testify on something that happened at 10, instead of being able to skip time by saying 'I read a book for an hour' or something you need to run around silly and shave(5min), shower(15min), cook(10min) etc. So you are constantly just running around looking for objects to waste time. this mechanic is terrible.You are also expected to play through the game multiple times. My first playthrough took me roughly 2 hours but the consecutive playthroughs will be much shorter (anywhere from 5 minutes to 30 minutes depending on your actions) since 95% of the content is reused/skipped on multiple playthroughs. The dialogue and outcomes don't wary nearly enough even when testifying complete opposite stuff. In 1 testimony I simply stated I went to my apartment and went straight to bed and the prosecution tells the exact same lines about how I told lie after lie and how no one should believe my sob story of being a poor hated person. Something that never happened. I also managed to get a non-guilty verdict with a testimony that was utterly contradicting or completely ignored evidence/witnesses.There also don't seem to be many ways to alter your testimony. The locations available are very small with few possible interactions. Overall I really like the concept but the execution misses the mark entirely."
76561198003292839,Recommended,492220,24450064,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,FLKttn,"Just to get this out of the way:Gameplay-wise, this is a ""walking simulator"" for all intents and purposes.You walk around and interact with items around you.There are no direct puzzles and no action going on.That said,I love what this game was going for and the idea behind it!Trying to uncover the mystery while simultanously building a believable alibiis an interesting twist on things previously attempted in only a handful of other games,such as Indigo Prophecy.It's a fantastic concept -- but the game is also somewhat rough around the edges.The investigation parts of the game are narrated on the fly, with comments madeabout almost every little thing you do.For the most part this is good, but they did go much too far with it.It got ridiculous hearing ""then, I used the stairs"" 3-4 times in a row,while still going up the same stairwell.Likewise, saying ""then, I opened the door"" for every time you do sois reduntant and it does break the illusion simply with how ridiculous it is.More importantly, as you are walking around, experimenting with the different interactionsand trying to build your narrative, you're never quite sure what consequences your actions will haveuntil after you perform them.This would be fine if not for the fact that this is supposedly a man recounting the past.A past he clearly remembers (or at least has to make others belive that he remembers), sohaving these details obfuscated in such a way feels clumsy.For example, if I had known that shaving would get my clothes covered in blood, I wouldn'thave shaved at that time. Instead, I didn't find that out until after the fact, and because of thismy alibi got needlessly convoluted as I changed into clean clothes and then had to figure outan excuse for having bloodied them again at a later time.The game is clearly intended for multiple playthroughs, and such things would bemore easily avoided when you have been through it a few times and know what to expect,but I still feel that this should have been handled in a different manner.Bohemian Killing also shows it's roots as a basic Unity-engine game on the technical side of things.The control is quite sluggish, and I encountered a few minor bugs such as getting stuck on scenery for a momentand similar hiccups.Despite these flaws, however, I find the game as a whole quite interesting andwould love to have had more cases to play."
76561198115482893,Recommended,492220,26765373,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,holy-death,"TL;DR version:- Not many games handle you control over a murderer who is making a testimony. Having to piece a story while adhering to the evidence collected by the authorities is a very nice twist on the usual take on the game of deduction. Huge plus for that.- Being able to be wrong while piecing a story is refreshing. Too few games let you mess up. I can recall only two or three other games in the same genre that allow you to screw up.- More than one possible outcome and story combination, so there is quite a bit of freedom when making up your story.- I like the accents, it does suit the location of the story too.- Having the Judge appear during more important testimonies, asking you questions directly on the scene, is really neat feature. I mean, it feels unreal (in a positive way) and helps the narrative side of the game. I really liked that.- Evidence files were very well done. The font, the visuals...The actual review:Bohemian Killing is a detective game in reverse.You are the murderer. You got caught.In traditional detective games you have to find pieces of the puzzle and fit them together to solve a mystery. In Bohemian Killing you are given all evidence gathered by the police at beginning of the game. With it in hand you have to make your testimony at the court - coming up with a believable explanation of what has happened.But to make your story believable you must ensure it fits the facts: time, place and action. This is where Bohemian Killing turns into an adventure game. You present your testimony by walking places and performing certain actions. Sometimes the Judge will ask you a few questions, during such moments the game will ""frezee"" and screen will turn into black and white until the Judge gets his answers and the story resumes.Bohemian Killing has a very interesting take on what you are doing: you don't create events. You are making UP a story (or, at the very least, the part where you are innocent). You CAN lie (which is usually what murderers do, don't they?) as long as nobody catches you on that. This also means that when playing for the first time you can mess up your testimony entirely, but in a game of deduction I find the possibility to be wrong to be A POSITIVE.Game has its own internal clock, which tracks WHEN you do something - time is of the essence. Thankfully the in-game timer is fairly leisurely. In fact, it goes forward so slowly on its own that you will most likely find time-sinks quite useful. These are simple objects such as gazette or phone you can interact with. They serve as time-sinks and their purpose is to propel the timer to a desired moment in time. So don't be afraid that you will have to speedrun through the game because ""the clock is ticking"".When starting the game gives you an attorney who does two things:1. He reminds you of important events when they will appear, which helps planning out your next move or moves. It's very important when you start, not as much when you are on another run (it's nice that game features multiple endings and possible combinations in the story, which is a big deal because one full run can be fairly short in terms of playing time).2. He gives you clues that can help you defend against the charges made by the prosecutor (by the way the prosecutor himself does really good job at introducting you to the game by explaining who you are, what you did and generally what's going on). The clues are a good way of directing you through the game, even if it can be a bit annoying at first that you have to explore the in-game world in order to gather knowledge of things ""you"" - the main character of the story - should know by now.A side note on the evidence files themselves - I found them to be done very well. The font, the visuals... Suffice to say I liked going through them. The only flaw was no option to jump through different categories of evidences, which could help new players as some evidence is linked together, which forces you to jump back and forth between them.I enjoyed the voice acting. The main characters' way of commenting on EVERYTHING he does gets annoying at some point, but it also does reinforce the feeling that you are testifying before the court. It's just the frequency of it that's a bit off (to a point that it gets hilarious). Another plus side of the voice acting is the actual French accent that fits well into where the action takes place (France) - it adds to the atmoshpere.On the graphical side of things I can say that for the most part it serves its purpose, although the animations leave a lot to be desired (and I mean A LOT). It's fairly visible that everything was done by a very small team (or a single person, if I am not mistaken). The main reason why I am so forgiving about the visual side of the games is their gameplay. So if the graphics is very important to you - be warned.The Bohemian Killing's biggest strength is how unique it is. It does have some flaws in terms of executing its excellent concept, but ultimately it was fun and interesting experience when I was pushing my brain cells to convince the Judge to my story."
,Recommended,492220,28786761,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Halflight,"Bohemian Killing is an adventure game by The Moonwalls developers where, as Alfred Ethon, a Parisian of the late 19th century, you are asked to produce a testimony about a killing you have presumably committed. The videogame shifts between the testimony itself, where you control the protagonist and interact with people and items from the murder's evening, and the courtroom, where the judge, the prosecutor and your attorney consider any new evidence brought to the case.The gameplay can be best described as an hybrid between an adventure game and a walking simulator: you walk around the (small) map and interact with people and items in order to arrange a testimony in your favor. Time is also an important factor in Bohemian Killing: you have a watch to keep tab on it and means to advance it. This is due to the fact that the prosecution know that certain thing happened at a precise hour, so you must reconstruct your movements accordingly.The main attraction of the game is discovering the multiple ways you can build up your own testimony, and see what verdict you can get for yourself. While getting a death sentence is remarkably easy, you can also try to get declare innocent or frame someone else. Replaying the game is a vital part of Bohemian Killing, and you are given the option to skip through dialogue you may already heard previously and ask your attorney to advise you during your testimony and give you hints about what to do.Granted, Bohemian Killing isn't exactly such a big, multilayered adventure game, but, for its price tag, it does enough with its unique premise and can hook you up for several hours, especially if you are bent on unlocking all nine endings"
,Not Recommended,492220,30536416,Posted: 15 March,all,Lady Sekhmet,"I really tried to enjoy this game. I liked the atmosphere (Paris, French accents -lovely, lovely- and so on) but I ended up getting bored right on my second playthrough. Sometimes I didn't know what I was supposed to do or where to go, and that made me want to stop playing it.I think the concept is amazing but it was quite fuzzy at the beggining. The first time I played it, I was looking around pressing this and that, and the judge was like ""why were you trying to enter to somebody else's house?"" WELL, I DON'T KNOW. I'M EXPERIMENTING (I ended up going to jail there.) Then I had a vague idea of what to do, but still, every time I pressed something just to ""see"" what it did, the judge remembered that and made me fail my testimony (It was fun though.)Also, it's a little bit expensive (imo), but that's not a big deal, sales are always our saviours.Anyway, I'd love to play more games like this one, the idea is cool! I like the thought that it's up to me whether I save myself or end up under the guillotine."
,Recommended,492220,29531270,Posted: 27 January,all,sophie9709,"Perjury simulatorFor something that is only made by one guy, this game is pretty cool. It is well thought out and really detailed. The fact that one of the gameplay elements is real time (as in the ingame time goes along the same rate as real time unless you speed it up) is interesting because suddenly timing becomes important, a rare feature in crime games such as this. The controls are basic and sometimes surprising. They do reflect real life actions a lot and sometimes even resting your mouse on something (staring in game) can trigger a cutscene. As a result an action can have unintended consequences and you do not know what your actions will do on the first time round.Another twist to the genre this game is kind of part of is you are not figuring out what had happened (yes, your character really did kill that poor woman). Rather, it is figuring out what lies you can say to the court to make them believe you did not intentially murder anybody. It is a concept that does take a little while to get used to but it is very unique and does make the game stand out a lot. It is a crime mystery game where you play as the villain. As stated before timing becomes important. Get your timing wrong and the judge will become suspicious of you.Overall I think this is a fun and unique game that should amuse most crime fans, especially those who want a change in the formula and try something different."
76561198034367978,Not Recommended,492220,24465644,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,palvaan,A very interesting concept but it is let down with the sub par graphics and clunkyness of the usability of the game.It may be  me but I find myself wasting time trying to find where I should be for the next puzzle only to miss it and then having to start again.I didnt find this game enjoyable it becomes a bit of a chore
,Recommended,492220,24458036,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,🐧 crow,"i bought this game at approximately 9:20pm, monsieur le president, and then i used the stairs. it was an interesting twist on puzzles and walking simulators, and then i used the stairs. later, i decided not to take the elevator, but instead used the stairs. in it you have to explore a small neighborhood and create a plausible lie that will explain away all the proof that the protagonist is guilty, and then use the stairs. so the constant narration is explained, because you are testifying in court about all those stairs you used, or how the lady tried to kill you so it was totally self-defense so it's not a big deal, and also why does everyone hate gypsies so much, and then i used the stairsmy verdict: 9/10 years in prison"
76561198038625342,Recommended,492220,30121712,Posted: 23 February,all,Dash,"Bohemian Killing is basically what could be a very promising start in a detective game.  The game is rough, make no mistake about that.  This is more like a beta.  The characters move kind of sluggishly, the character models don't look so great, the game takes place in about 4 small areas, the game has a lot of loading for being so small, and the narration gets annoying quickly, because he narrates literally everything.Despite all that I enjoyed this game.  I got it on sale for $2, if i had paid more I would have been pretty upset though.  I love the idea that you are charged with committing a murder and have to convince the judge by actual evidence that you are innocent.  You have to constantly remember that as you tell your story you literally are doing just that, telling a story, you aren't going back in time to change events.  So, if you tell the judge oh I didn't murder them I was asleep the whole time.  Well that isn't going to fly, because witnesses and other evidence place you at the crime.  Instead your goal is to read through all the evidence and then try and craft a reason for each one.I think it's brilliant.  The problem with this game is that everything is tied time, but you can't speed up time without doing specific actions.  Those actions don't always waste the correct amount of time, so you can overshoot events quite easily.  I found myself literally just standing around waiting for time to pass...and it's real world time.  It's a massive flaw in the game.  You should just be able to say, oh and then i just stood around for however long you want and speed to that point.  The other problem I had was that despite the mutliple ways you can convince the judges, it is a bit limited.The evidence the court has against you is very specific, so you really need to follow that when you tell your tale.  I tried to craft a scenario where it was self defense in my bedroom, which was a deadend.  Eventually, I realized the reason the game wouldn't let me do that was because evidence clearly shows the victim had no blood in your bedroom.  It would be nice if i could have done that and then the prosecutor accuses me of lying and then shows the evidence that I'm lying.  After realizing my mistake I still was never able to get the self defense innocent verdict I wanted.  I had to use the hint option in the game to realize what needed to be done.  The best I could get was a crime of passion, which was fine by me.So overally a playthrough will take about 90min, but it took me 5hrs of playing to figure out how to get even that defense to stick.  You just constantly run through the same crime over and over again.  Quite frankly though, I really enjoyed this.  I love Paris, so i adored the setting, the music fits the murder mystery motiff perfectly, and I was pleasantly surprised at the different ways you could end your testimony, even if i felt constrained a bit too much by the evidence.  I really wish this developer would get a lot of money so they can make an actual budgeted murder mystery game, i think it would be quite stellar.Until then #Worth $2, I just can't recommend it for more then that, it's still just too rough of a game and too short."
,Not Recommended,492220,30910239,Posted: 2 April,all,Chaosian,"Did not enjoy this game at all.As soon as you get out of the intro sequence in which you can't move and you're stuck in a cage, and you proceed to begin your testimony of the events, all you have to do is look behind you and the creator did not even bother to fill in the street. It immediately breaks the immersion; you're met with a little road and empty space.Whilst this is a very nice idea, early on it doesn't feel as if your choices matter as much as they should.The animations are rather sub-par but I can forgive this seeing as this is just an indie game.The game gets dry very, very quickly as the main character speaks in a monotone pitch voice and is occasionally interrupted by the judge, who also doesn't seem to have much enthusiasm.Usually I'm a sucker for games like this but it barely invoked any interest, as nasty as I may sound. If you want an interesting game that is based around court systems, go play Ace Attorney."
76561198311602996,Recommended,492220,24464886,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,DDJW,"Great game. Had a few issues with it, but the dev was very helpful. Highly recommended."
76561198347260637,Recommended,492220,28105016,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,ChristoffM,"I would say that this is a very intelligent game; it makes you think how to save Alfred Ethan (main hero) from the false accusation. It took me several attempts but I'm still trying to figure out how to get to the good ending.I really like the storyline; which is splendid, and very dynamic; I like how it changes based on your choices during the game. There are some very good moments in the story; but I won't write about them because I wouldn't like to spoil the fun for other people.Also the actor in the game is superb; but I think the dubbing is too quiet. I'm in my 50's, and I had to turn off the music to be able to hear the actor.Graphics could be better, and people in the game look not very good either.  But this is one of the most intelligent games I've ever seen. It's great because such games are rare now; when people like to play shooting games. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,492220,32575634,Posted: 19 June,all,Non-Salty Peanuts,"I thought this was a great game, very intricate design with plenty of different endings to keep you entertained.Gameplay 7/10Soundtrack 999/10Story 8/10Frenchiness 10/10"
76561198097937452,Not Recommended,492220,24914887,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,davidandrew,Crashes continually. does not save from crash so you must endure the game from the beginng each time. Crashed 12 times in half hour always back to the start. What little I could play gave no options for really anthing. It's like following one story line without options over and over and over again! I paid for it...sorry I did.
,Recommended,492220,29049067,Posted: 5 January,all,🔋ＴＡＹ🔌 [Editing],"To be honest i really enjoyed this game and i havent expected it to be that good ( since i dislike unity made games in most of the cases). I didnt even know what was waiting for me since i havent checked the content at all and wanted to try a blind game session.What is the game about:You commit a murder which you try to hide with lies. these lies can be covered or exposed depending on the choices you make in the places you visit on certain times.Pros:- Its concept is something i have never seen before in any game so it is something really unique in my opinion andfor an indie game it is really eye catching.- i really enjoyed checking all the evidences and events or what so ever to achieve a certain outcome and it was at some point a bit challenging since i didnt know what would be the best to do- for an unity made game the assets and voice makings are really well done and impressive compared to other known games ( from my view)- music was also relaxing and nice- multiple different endings thus still enjoyable after you are through- havent expected much but still got surprised positivelyContras:- Few bugs which arent that much of a concern ( except maybe the game freezes when you enter a new area , but this might also be caused by my pc and i somehow could avoid it so no big deal )- certainly short gameplay time (estimated 2 hours) but this is balanced by few multiple endings, so its fine for me- ofc its not a high end game but for its kind it fullfills everything you want and in my case i was really astonished actually- some few scenes could be reapeted without having much impact ( but thats nothing serious)- maybe too high for its price but its fine when its on sale ( i got it on a discount of 85% )Summary:I totally recommend this game if you are looking for something new you havent experienced yet.dont expect an extreme high end game with tons of content but expect a decent awesome and interesting game as a new taste instead"
,Not Recommended,492220,30885666,Posted: 1 April,all,Emilio Estevez,"An excellent idea ruined by poor explanation of what you're meant to do and the unpredictable effects innocuous actions can have.The idea is that while you're playing you are recounting a night on which you're accused of murder to a court room. However this isn't properly explained to you until after the first segment (so you can actually mess with the timeline before you realise you're doing it) and then even after that it's not clear what certain options do and if you try to investigate them you end up altering the timeline in a way you didn't intend to. For example, walking into a bar ends up with you getting beaten up and covered in blood, but there's no way to know that's what's will happen before you do it, or even that you're entering a bar, it simply happens because you walk through the wrong doorway and no hint is given to you that if you don't want to claim this is what happened that you should walk a different way. The whole thing relies way too much on trial and error and multiple restarts to really get to grips with it."
76561198004051959,Recommended,492220,34902851,Posted: 12 September,all,HornetA9,"A great premise for a game which allows you to craft an alibi for a murder you did commit. A nice variety of options and it doesn't hold your hand when you're doing something stupid, like contradicting sworn testimony from others. I thought that the framework of the game was very well done, it flows and rewards intelligence and planning.However the implementation is frustrating. The graphics are subpar and the opening murder scene has some atrocious character models. While I enjoyed being left to my own devices in how I crafted my alibi for the night, it would have been nice to have some cues as to who I am framing and why certain actions will lead to framing certain people. Also, part of the case relies on how much the judge trusts you and while you get a note implying that his trust level has changed you don't know whether his trust goes up or down.Overall- worth a play through if you like novel games and are prepared to work through some rough edges but probably not worth the replay for all the endings.Last point- bonus for the scene when you quit saying court is ajourned for the day. Nice touch."
76561198067285090,Recommended,492220,29150462,Posted: 9 January,all,piotr,The game seems short but it can be repeated multiple times and every time you discover new things and get involved deeper into the story. I totally recommend!
,Recommended,492220,31310648,Posted: 22 April,all,Einherjer,"Bohemian Killing is a small game with a lot of nice details.The frame story is set in a court, where the protagonist is accused of murder. The player influences the testimony with his actions during flashbacks which are the actual gameplay. During those flashbacks the protagonist, judge and lawyers comment your actions. This aspect reminds a bit of The Stanley Parable.I mentioned the details. Lots of them refer to an important event in french history; the dreyfus affair. Also keep in mind the greek myth of Prometheus. If you like games with historical background, give this one a try.One playthrough takes about 3 houres. There are 9 different endings, so if the game doesn't end as you like, there is a good chance for you to change the outcome in your next run.I totally recommend the game to anyone who is receptive to new experiences and who has a preference for history."
,Recommended,492220,31438830,Posted: 29 April,all,@Dicky Spanish,"Overall a pretty good game, have only had one run through where I was found guilty and faced the guillotine (those French love a good beheading). Which I found disappointing as I consider myself quite a good liar and have managed to get myself off in some dicey situations in real life where I have been found covered in blood with a 14-inch blade in my hand.Anyway a unique game with a thought provoking approach, you know you're guilty but you have to come up with a believable explanation to put forward to the judge and free yourself of the crime.Graphics are good but really it's a more story driven game than how good the grass looks as the wind blows through it. I played something similar recently called The Deed where I had to murder my sister and set up another to take the fall for it. That was pretty basic compared to this but still enjoyable having to commit a murder and make sure you are not implicated. The Deed was more about doing the crime where this is you have already done it and need a good alibi and story to get you off.Anyway, a pretty good game for those who like to commit the perfect murder and lord knows any of us who have played COD MP have thought in the past how to get away with murder as some young teen yells abuse about our mothers as they 360 no scope you."
76561198037919726,Recommended,492220,34958703,Posted: 14 September,all,Lewiatan,"The game is innovative and it is a pleasure to play it, but in my opinion its current price is too high for what the game has to offer. It is worth buying on a sale.+it is very moody+good conversations+good music and sound effects+many different endings-very short-repetable, even if you want to see few different endings, gameplay will be different only in very few moments-there is a lot of moments, that if you do something wrong it will made you death,  no matter what you will do in other situations- a lot of actions you can make and they don't matter to the end verdict- it would be nice to know what accually happend - the main character know it.- i experienced bug with a clock, it didn't show me the right time in the game, next screen to click and it was 2 hours laterOverall: 5/10"
,Recommended,492220,29192804,Posted: 11 January,all,*^SaoSin^*,"Nice its a good idea in a not bad game! Giving conditions and concidering that it is an indie title from not known company. If you ever imagined how it feels to kill, then with this game you are able to live through a day in a skin of murderer. Short but with potential replay value. Around 10 endings demanding diffrent aproach and scheming lies.We can argue that the game is short, and that it is not giving us too much space for making our story... it is not important though there are possibilities soo its not an straight forward game. I am glad that it was made and its worthy pick up on discount.There should be some more dialogue options, its really hard to feel into story through just narration... As a project this game is okay enough, and its complete despite being low budget."
76561198036494314,Recommended,492220,24457970,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,game,"Bohemian Killing is a walking simulator in which you must LIE to the court you are in, in order to get aquitted of a murder charge. Keep in mind the key word, LIE, as you have murdered the girl, so, instead of trying to prove your innocence in your testimony, which said testimony consists of walking from place to place in time of the events, and doing actions to explain or make the court believe that you are innnocent, you are instead trying to get the court to believe you didn't murder the girl in your testimony. This means, that you must keep track of things, the time, and the actions you do in order to make a believable lie as to not get convicted.The court you are in, is listening to your testimony, so the Judge will make comments depending on what you do, and you must keep in mind exactly what you do, as it is recorded, and if the testimony seems contradictory or false, you will be convicted. The testimony, as I said before which is basically a walking simulator, could stand to do with some improvements such as expanded space, more actions.But overall, for me, this game is fun, and challenges you to see if you can get away with a crime.  However, this is not for everybody, as it is slow paced and you need to listen and keep track of a lot of things, the time of your actions, whether the actions can come together into a believable lie, etc. So buy this game if you enjoy creating and challenge to your intelligence, as well as if you have a lot of patience...if not, don't."
76561198104112999,Recommended,492220,28823290,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Andreas,"The game worked smoothly the entire time, graphics are good for an indie game as well as the soundtrack and voice over. I really liked that there are multiple endings I just wish it was a bit longer."
,Recommended,492220,30488730,Posted: 13 March,all,rogermorse@tablet,"This game is a bit weird. The mechanics are nice, because you can see the story in multiple ways, the game tells you that while you play you are not rewriting history but you are lying about what already happened. I prefer to see it the other way around, something happened (you decide what) and you play by finding / using clues to bring (or not bring) evidence to the case, proving (or not) your innocence. That helps making sense about some evidences and some temporal mistakes in the timeline of the events. So basically during your 'story' you will want to find evidence to support your statements, how you play will determine your innocence or your inprisonment.I think it is a game to play anyway because I didn't really play anything like this. The game is quite small, and you will want to play it at least 3 or 4 times to choose different actions everytime (there are 9 endings I think).It is no masterpiece and nothing revolutionary in the game world, but it is still quite nice. Some things will annoy you (you have to play the introduction EVERY time you start the game even though you perfectly know it), but it's easy to forgive them."
,Recommended,492220,31230031,Posted: 18 April,all,repdetect0,"This game, despite some very stark contrasts in it's overall quality, gets a recommend from me, especially for being a unique and intelligent experience. If you don't  know anything of French Bohemia or it's historical timeframe, and you don't like court cases, then this isn't for you. If you are intrigued by these factors, and you think you may enjoy the recreation of such a thing, then it is a good buy, especially on sale.Pros:Excellent voice acting and music.Intelligent dialogue and background plot.Mindblowing revelations if you can find them. (NONSPOILER- Following the ""anonymous letter"" advice, and subsequent reveletory ""punchline"" to your ""invention"" had me amazed!)Cons:Controller support is baffingly bugged but playable.Slightly higher in price than it's replayability, although it has quite a bit.Definately not a Triple A title."
,Recommended,492220,30583585,Posted: 17 March,all,Dom,"A nice concept with fairly nice execution. Only problem is there's very little replayability and beyond the first one or two playthroughs it just becomes a railroaded fetch quest. What more the concept falls a bit short in that you're not trying to come up with a lie, you're trying to blindly play through the night of the murder in such a way that the stuff you find out proves you innocent."
76561198261335852,Recommended,492220,31990053,Posted: 26 May,all,Aquila,"Great game, very interesting story.  Apparently there is a 10th ending to the game also where you clip out of bounds while trying to escape the prision and you fall into oblivion.  I guess ideally that's the best ending since nothing further happens thus there was only one victim."
,Recommended,492220,24776147,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,whenstorytellersplaygames,"Interesting game. You start of already being guility, how do you lie in the best possible way to get out of a situation you are in? The only thing is we wished the gameplay mechanics was explained earlier in the game, because it can get confusing.Playthrough"
,Not Recommended,492220,31023413,Posted: 8 April,all,"RandomHobo, Inc.","Impossible without a guide. Extremely boring and repetative. The description of this game pretends that there are many different ways to beat game when in reality there are only 9. These 9 endings are nearly identicle in the way to get them, and it is extremely boring and repetitive to get all of them. One of the endings seems to just happen randomly, so you might need to play the game multiple times to get it, which was so boring that I was forced to give up before I could get it, even with a guide.One of the worst games I've ever played1/10"
76561198133075025,Recommended,492220,28518416,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,martucha.zgredziucha,Very interesting concept! You are creating your testimony about murder you have commited. You are lying about what has already happened.The game adopts to the choices you have made. You can play several times and still be entertained.
,Recommended,492220,29071905,Posted: 6 January,all,Alejasom,"I found this game's approach really enthralling, I loved the idea of playing the guilty party who tries to get away with murder: I had just played games where I had to find the culprit before this one, and I'm quite a fan of them, so I'd recommend it to those who are in a similar situation. The only thing I can say is that it takes a while to adjust to the controls, especially when you have to press those elevator buttons, and that I tried getting the ""escaped from prison"" ending, but I couldn't because everything was so dark: I spent a lot of time trying to figure out where I was supposed to go and finally gave up. It gave me quite a headache and I'm not sure if it was my computer's fault that I couldn't see anything, but this is the only major thing I spotted.I don't think the fact you've got to click a few times on a newspaper to waste some time and go on with the testimony is a problem, at all. It's very quick, so people should not be put off by that.Lastly, very nice of the developer of the game to share the game's guide!"
,Recommended,492220,29850213,Posted: 11 February,all,zenilla,Since the developer seem to be new I am going to be merciful despite the bugs/crashes I had. Mainly when you alt tab off  or skip too much  the conversations u already seen.  The game itself  is too short for my liking. It has nice concept to it tho'. If you are into crime related  games etc.I personally failed completely  on the 1st try sorta (  since to be honest I can't symphatize too much with the main character you play)  because of expirementing what can you do during your testinomy.  + On Paris  being pretty af.If all the bugs fixed this would have potential on developing more crime stories and testimony etc in different settings.Still expirementing  different endings.  Just got less severe punishment  because of use of alcohol just to name one of possible verdicts.May add that escaping was satisfying  and  you found out more of the stuff. Not going to spoil tho'.
76561198161531495,Not Recommended,492220,28985021,Posted: 3 January,all,mariusgf95,"This game is well done and really interesting! It just has one problem: I can never finish it, because it freezes and crashes all the game sessions... I hope it will get fixed. But for now, it's not playable."
76561198265032927,Recommended,492220,24598377,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,madisonbe,This game is super cool but I hope some more bug fixes will be arriving soon... the game crashes a lot. But I really love the idea and find it easy to maneuver around the game. This game would be awesome if after some minor bug fixes.
,Not Recommended,492220,29070762,Posted: 6 January,all,Ravaj,Its pretty short game with no reply value.When you think about the plot you imagine something that is really better and creative might coming but this thought get dissolves when you progress in the game for 20min.There is multiple outcomes if you want to try different approach and extort some replay value from the game. But game itself is dull so I rather not recommend it.There is some mistakes with the flow of the game & actions. It feels like some logical rules/flowchart elements are hastily implemented in game and game feels like lacking a lot.As result I don't recommend it.
,Recommended,492220,29973461,Posted: 16 February,all,Nasty Pirate,Yes very good adventure game with multiple endings. Graphics are quite good but could be a lot better for a 2016 title.
,Recommended,492220,30847328,Posted: 30 March,all,Krissyo,"Not much to be said here... But if your an autism individual, consider buying this game for your future."
,Recommended,492220,29784738,Posted: 8 February,all,maltness,english audio with french accent.my third world ear beg for mercy.
,Recommended,492220,32745048,Posted: 24 June,all,Swertyy,First game.-Skipped talking-Run there to there-Beheaded in five minute.Second game.-Listened accusations-Tried to lie and denial-Beheaded in thirty minutes.Definetly will be convicted execution again. Great game.
76561198267578590,Not Recommended,492220,31166362,Posted: 15 April,all,steve.weishampel,Crashes a few minutes after starting
,Not Recommended,492220,24454541,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,✞ |-|3££ioT [] |2.!.P. ✞,"If you like first person games with some action do not buy this game. This game is not for me but might be for you if you like slow paced decision making game.Giving it a thumbs down because of the price and not my cup of tea.Gameplay is very slow paced with some choices you have to make and a guy telling your side of events as you take action along the way.Graphics are sub par but acceptable.Game is made in unity.There are errors in the writing (ten instead of then).Voice acting is alright.Lots of loading screens,Lots of going back and forth from actual events that you make up along the way and later detail in court.Movement is clunky and heavy not normal fps movement.Characters are boring.Story is slow and boring.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZBXVjdrYRR0&feature=youtu.be"
76561198031875543,Recommended,492220,28829948,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Poliban,"Amazing idea, but nothing more than a good game because of its issues, especially in coherence, would love to see a game like this made by a AAA company"
76561198306685235,Not Recommended,492220,32687401,Posted: 23 June,all,vilu,"I'm really disappointed the game keeps on breaking down the moment I try to enter the hotel in the very first scene out of the courtroom. Restarted computer, shut down everything else that's running. Still, keeps on quitting unexpectedly. Waste of money sadly."
76561198035567526,Not Recommended,492220,33033837,Posted: 30 June,all,slusheyy,good for the firts 10min. but after that its a pain to play.
