user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198024689294,Recommended,493080,29386206,Posted: 20 January,all,BloodRaven,"I love card based rpgs and I will give any of this rare genre a chance. That being said, this game is fully worth it's price already and I have barely played. It may not have super shiny 3d graphics but it certainly doesn't need them to provide an enjoyable experience. So what does it have?-2 full campaigns and a third on the way. These campaigns are primarily strings of combat, but are strung together with story and diverging paths.-Challenging card based strategy. The first set of fights go easy on you and let you learn your character's deck and build. The next set happily runs you over if you don't plan out your turn well. Even when you do plan well it still will probably kill you at first which would be annoying if not for..-Persistent unlocks. It is a roguelike, so when you die you lose your quest progress. However, you gain levels which add skills and winning a set of fights gains you equipment. These are permanent on your character and allow for different builds and hopefully getting a little farther the next run.All in all it's a fun, challenging game that I plan on playing plenty more of with the hope that it gets lots more content and hopefully later on the ability to mod your own adventures."
76561197983142274,Recommended,493080,32281751,Posted: 8 June,all,Thighs of a Legend,"Solid foundation with room to grow.  Great card mechanics reminiscent of Card Hunter and Dream Quest, but with a style all its own.  Clever and well-thought out.   A fair price for a young product.  Keep up the good work!"
76561198015531498,Recommended,493080,29550689,Posted: 28 January,all,Eriktion,Fights are like solving puzzlesVery challanging and rewarding feelingTheres a lot of content already if you play all 3 classes and want all unlocks
76219385761328957,Recommended,493080,30051605,Posted: 19 February,all,[RLOD]HaveAGreatDay,It's pretty fun and i enjoyed it more than i thought i would. the best i can say is buy it and if you don't like it refund it. It's enjoyable and it's getting updates fairly regularly. It can get pretty annoying when u lose and don't get anything new but its a nice game for only £5.59Try it out.
,Recommended,493080,30603419,Posted: 18 March,all,CJTheInvader,"This game is like if FTL and a modern digital card game had a baby with most of the fun parts of both and none of the flaws.You build your run from the start out of pieces of equipment, each of these pieces of equipment come with cards that make up your deck.  For example, a sword comes with 3 sword hacks and 1 sword stab.  This is how you build your deck.  Unlike any other roguelike i've played, there are very little upgrades you can get within the middle of a run.  In fact, there isn't really any.  Every single stage comes with a piece of equipment or upgrade to a piece of equipment, but these carry over run to run and mostly serve to give you more options.  You don't slowly build up a run as you play it, you build your run from the start and see how far you can get.It's an extremely well designed game with tons of replay value.  At the time of writing this, I've played about 20 hours.  I've just about got the warrior to the maximum level, and I only very recently beat the final stages of both campaigns.  I haven't even touched the other two classes outside of the tutorials.  I've enjoyed every hour, though some of the deaths made me upset, that's expected in a game like this.Every single time I died, I always felt like it was my fault and that I could have done better, because the game gives you plenty of options to help compensate for bad luck or mistakes.  After I learnt how to play, I felt like the only way for me to die was to make several mistakes in a row, or to make a mistake after getting unlucky.  I never got a string of bad luck that killed me on it's own.  None that I can remember, anyway.So far, I absolutely love this game.  I have to be honest and admit that its probably not for everyone, it's very slow paced, repetitive, and runs where you don't unlock anything new can feel like a complete waste of time even if you earnt XP.  The game would be less repetitive and more interesting if you could change equipment freely between stages, even if it doesn't make sense within the story.  Packing throwing axes for levels that I know are going to be full of contact damage jerkasses would save me loads of time, and being able to adapt my strategy stage to stage would probably lead to me trying lots of new loadouts instead of sticking to what I know works well.  It would make the game slightly easier, but it would make the game easier in a way that makes it more interesting, and this game is nowhere close to being too easy.To sum it up concisely:+ Great design, card games can be hard to design properly, especially if they're non-conventional, but card quest doesn't really have any design flaws, every mechanic works, every loadout can work, there are mechanics that allow you to make up for bad luck and the game is still extremely punishing in spite of that.  It's perfectly fair, extremely unique, and very interesting.  I can't imagine any ways it could be designed any better.+ Extremely replayable.  Whether you are leveling up, going for different stages to see new enemies and unlock new equipment, or just trying out loadouts you haven't considered before, card quest definitely seems to be made for replayability.+ Cheap and Deep.  It's 8 bucks homie.  Assuming I play the other two classes just as long as I've played the warrior, and the enchanted forest gets added and is just as deep as the other two campaigns, I will play card quest for 90 hours before I unlock everything.  And that's assuming that there won't be any more content released for the existing campaigns, or new classes for that matter.  This game is already extremely deep, and it has the potential to get exponentially deeper.  I'll probably still play it after I unlock everything, too.+- Extremely difficult.  You're probably gonna want to pull your hair out.  This game starts off decently challenging, but every single stage is a nasty difficulty spike.  Every single one.  On the other hand, if this game wasn't hard, it would be boring.   Winning feels rewarding and the slow paced nature of the game isn't as bad because if you're anything like me, you're going to spend most of your time planning anyway.- Hard to start playing.  When you first start off, you have deliberately underpowered equipment, and none of the get out of jail free cards like armors, trinkets, and bag items.  This is in addition to being new to the game, which I'd say has a high learning curve.  Your first few hours are going to be the hours you hate the most.  In order to upgrade your starting equipment to the same power level as most equipment, you have to be able to beat the first two stages.- Slow paced.  Getting to the end of the game requires going through 6 stages, each of those stages have 8 (I think) levels in them.  Each one of those levels, depending on the difficulty, could last anywhere from 30 seconds to 30 minutes.  That's not an exaggeration, rounds with lots of undead guards or contact damage enemies tend to take that long for me.  It can feel like a slog sometimes.  And if at any point you screw up enough to die, you start either all the way back at the beginning, or halfway through the game if you've done every single 3rd stage with that character.  It can feel like an absolute slog sometimes, and obviously the further through the game you are, the longer each level will take.As a rule of thumb, if you think this game looks cool, and the things I've said negatively about it don't bother you, you will probably love it."
,Recommended,493080,30870149,Posted: 1 April,all,Otter,"Card Quest is an exceptional card based dungeon crawler game.Pros:-Customizable Decks that are tied to the gear you pick. You can alter your deck in broad strokes without having to deliberate on each and every card.-Multiple viable builds and strategies with each of the four (!) characters.-Tons of unlockable cards and items.-Persistant Progression through experience points that unlock passive perks for your hero. If at first you don't succeed, keep leveling up til the game is slightly easier.-Pixel graphic goodness.-A total steal for $8.-Dev is involved in the forums and makes frequent, substantive patches.-Game carves a fairly unique niche. It doesn't have many clear competitors on Steam in terms of the experience it offers.-Stages and bosses feel well designed; some bosses require unique strategies to defeat.Cons-Early Access, so the game is not ""complete"", but there's still a ton of gameplay to be enjoyed with 2 full campaigns out of an expected 3.-Unlocking perks feels a bit grindy."
,Recommended,493080,29676085,Posted: 3 February,all,Christopurr,"Clever and addictive. Reminiscent of Dream Quest, but with more content."
76561198030851100,Recommended,493080,29726948,Posted: 5 February,all,Rolaran,"A game splicing together bits of Card Hunter and FTL, and if either or both of those games were your cup of tea, this might be the game for you.Like Card Hunter, the core gameplay relies on an interesting variation on deckbuilding: rather than selecting individual cards for your deck, you pick pieces of ""equipment"" that each add a given set of cards. This means that rather than cherry-picking the best cards in the game, you get interesting tradeoffs - do I want to bring this shield that consistently blocks big-damage attacks, or this smaller shield that blocks for less but adds a dodge and a shield bash to my options? Adding to the decision making is a ""Chain"" system where certain cards gain additional effects if they're played one after another- you might have a sword swing deal additional damage, a spell have its energy cost reduced, or a quick dodge draw new cards to replenish your hand - and Chainbreakers that have dramatic effects, but disrupt the flow of your chain.Like FTL, this game starts at high difficulty and steadily ramps it up as you progress. You start with a basic, mostly serviceable deck for each of the game's three classes, but it won't get you far beyond the first chapter. As you complete chapters and level up, you very gradually unlock the additional equipment and styles that will let you really start making decisions about your build, but it should be noted that the most frustrating fights will be right at the beginning, when half your inventory is empty and bosses seem like impenetrable walls of hitpoints. This isn't helped by the fact that there's a few mechanics the game currently doesn't explain very well (tip: discarding cards you don't need right now is almost always a good idea before you play anything that draws new ones, and the ability to mulligan your starting hand at the cost of energy is crucial for the default Warrior deck, who has energy to burn but won't last long if his opening hand doesn't have the right cards). However, this would be pretty easy to improve as Early Access rolls on.Presentation-wise, it doesn't re-invent the wheel, but it doesn't need to. The art is 16-bit-style pixel, but clear and well-crafted. The sounds are stock assets, and the music is provided by Kevin MacLeod. I find none of these things detrimental to the game- it has a fun, hobby-project atmosphere and feels like a fully developed aesthetic choice rather than a slapdash use of existing assets. However, if you're the type of person who looks down your nose at pixel art as a category, or feels smug when a sound effect is reused from elsewhere, that will probably get in the way of your ability to enjoy this game.Regarding its Early Access state, it already feels very fully formed and ready to strut its stuff. There's very little in the way of ""missing features""- the main screen has two complete campaigns with a third ""not available in this version"", but the two campaigns already in there are meaty enough that this feels less like ""this game is light on content"" and more like ""wow, they're going to add a whole 50% extra game to this game before it even launches"". Other than that and a little UI polish and bugfixes, this game is pretty much good to go.All in all, I quite recommend Card Quest. You may recognize the other games that make up its DNA, but it blends them in a way that's very much a fresh and unique experience, and if you like what it's offering, it has a lot of it to offer."
,Recommended,493080,34208312,Posted: 13 August,all,Koah,"More meaningful choices than a Telltale game!Deeper combat than Skyrim!More useful cards than Steam!Graphics that push your SVGA monitor to its limits!All for friggin' eight bucks.  I mean, damn, I've spent multiples of that on games I've only played a fraction of the time."
,Recommended,493080,30627672,Posted: 19 March,all,Tummyache,"I downloaded this after I heard Blizzard wasn't making any more Hearthstone Adventures and was pleasantly surprised by how good it actually is.  The artwork is pretty blech, but once you get past that, you get an extremely simple card game with a very expansive learning curve.The first couple of games you have you will probably get stomped pretty hard, but once you figure out how the combo and draw mechanics work, you'll be able to beat even boss enemies in one turn a decent amount of the time.  It's extremely satisfying when you can stack together all the cards you need, chain them together, and wipe out 7-8 enemies without them ever being able to attack.My only gripes are, as mentioned before, the graphics are pretty amatuer.  They serve their purpose, but aren't particularly nice to look at.  Occasionally playing cards can be frustrating if you want to play them quickly, as you often need to wait for animations to finish before you can select a target or play another card.  Also the Fighter class seems to be massively underpowered/slow compared to the other two classes."
76561197968428861,Recommended,493080,33736734,Posted: 22 July,all,FlyingPinkPony,"A highly recommended spiritual lovechild of DreamQuest and CardHunter. If you disliked either of those titles this probably won't float your boat either, but if you enjoyed them or have never tried them this is worth giving a shot. Don't be turned away by the graphics it's all about drawing cards and murdering monsters.What is the Game?Essentially the game is about unlocking and equipping new equipment and loadouts, which give you abilities and access to different sets of cards. Ex- You can make a Berserker / Longsword / Spiked Shield combo for your Warrior which would create a deck for you on Berserker Style defensive moves, Longsword attacks and combos, and Shield Blocks that harm the enemy.After you set your character you go out into the dungeons which are a series of fights leading to a boss battle. Kill the boss and unlock a new item for your character class! There are 3 dungeons each with 20ish floors total so there is a ton of content to fight through as it's a pretty different experience with each of the 4 classes. The better content does tend to live near the end so as you progress you do tend to become more powerful in addition to simply becoming a better player.Overall - The class variety, the replayability and overall gameplay make this is an easy sell for the pricepoint. I've sunk a ton of hours into this game and still plan on playing more. At this point the devs are close enough to full release it might make sense to wait for the official launch but it's very playable currently and basically all the game content is present, so don't let that stop you if you want to jump in. The core design on the game is really well executed and the classes and weapons and styles all play and feel surpisingly unique from one another.The Devs are super active so despite a few balance issues both across classes and within classes I'm very excited to see where they take this and support them moving forword.Definately give this game try."
76561197990239734,Recommended,493080,29964209,Posted: 16 February,all,Landing Strip,"Very simple amd very addictive, the graphics may be somewhat lacking but the core mechanics are spot on. It is a bit sad that it doesn't offer quite as much customization as I was hoping, in terms of deck building and at times it feels more like your leveling up your cards rather then getting new sets.All being said; at this point I'd give it a solid 8.5/10, even though its still in such an early stage."
76561198026631498,Recommended,493080,30038891,Posted: 19 February,all,ProphetSword,"This game seemed like an interesting idea, so I took a chance and purchased it.  Have to say, so far it has been worth every penny I have paid for it.  If anyone is put off by the graphics, let me assure you that whatever it lacks in graphics is definitely made up for in gameplay.  It nails it.If you like turn-based RPG battles and enjoy card games like Magic: The Gathering, this game will tick both those boxes.  Sometimes the random nature of the game can be unfair, but that's the way these sort of games work sometimes.  And, as the author of the game assured me, you can overcome the bad luck once you get really good at managing your cards.  Looking forward to that.I'm sure there's still a lot to do in the game.  It is in Early Access.  But, what's here is a fully playable experience that will keep you entertained.  It's never the same game twice.  I'm glad I decided to support this game in Early Access, and I hope it gets the funding it needs to be completed and updated."
76561197962473519,Recommended,493080,33127082,Posted: 2 July,all,Caff,"Utterly brilliant.  It's a seamless, smooth card combat game where you fight to gain new cards, items and skills.  It has an excellent sense of progression as you combat, level up, and gain new abilities.  Each playthrough is unique and losing is not failure - once you gain new powers, you can progress further and apply more tactics to your fights.  The graphics might seem simplistic at first, you might even be put off buying it for that reason but you would be be a fool to do so, because once you get into it it you will be sucked in with the fun you are having.  It's just a solid, great game where every decision is important and each playthrough is unique - the RNG is fair and yet challenging.  Buy this, you won't regret it."
76561198250784110,Recommended,493080,29488788,Posted: 25 January,all,nathanmeunier,"I'm only just getting started with this game, but interesting gameplay so far. Could benefit from bit more polish visually, but I'm really digging the flow of gameplay and the RPG/fantasy battle system."
,Not Recommended,493080,29615649,Posted: 31 January,all,Arkterus,"Updated for Patch:Headed in the right direction but still leaves a little bit to be desired.The card mechanics are spot on, but the enemies and encounters are a little off base.What I mean is: every character has equipment, equipment can either swap out groups of cards for new groups of cards and introduce different ways of playing depending on your equipment combinations, along with 'consumables' that can be equipped and offer effects that are limited to one use per Encounter and take a number of Encounters to recharge.In essence, some encounters, and more so bosses, seem to be tailored towards certain cards or decks while being incredibly difficult or impossible for other decks, all in the same class.For isntance, my Rogue setup currently concentrates on spamming Jab, a low cost, decent damage card, and leveraging the Unaware statcon (basically a Stun unless you damage them) to do damage.  One boss has a special ability called Damage on Contact: 1, meaning I take 1 damage every time I hit him with a melee ability.I happen to have no Ranged cards in my deck.  This is something I overlooked and really didn't realize until getting to that boss.  he simply has too much HP for me to chip through without taking enough damage from Contact damage to kill me, or severely leave me at a HP defecit for the next area.This problem basically means that, while the game has branches for each area (Go Here or There, your choice), some of these branches are just not feasible for me to go to with certain decks, and it kind of defeats the point.The game also has ""rogue-like- features, meaning if you happen to die, you have to start the entire run over from scratch.  This feature does not fit this game, at all.  A lot of bosses, depending on what you're using, almost REQUIRE that you hit a certain rotation of cards to successfully defeat.  If you are unable to accomplish significant progress within your first turn by cycling enough cards to either kill all the Adds the boss has, or just outright kill the boss, you're basically in deep♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bosses typically have more than one attack, meaning more resources (Stamina) must be spent ot play Defensive cards, which leaves you at a defecit when you recover Stamina each round.  So, if the boss is attacking you (usually) twice, and you didn't kill ALL those Adds and left 1 or 2, that's 3 cards you have to play and use Stamina for.  Some bosses even have a passive, and unavoidable effect, where they'll deal damage AND drain Stamina from you every turn.  The only way to counter this is to make them Unaware, which means you can't attack them, because that will remove it.  You can't Stun them because all bosses are Stun immune.Because of this rotation requirment, this means if you play the game as intended, you're easily looking at SEVERAL re-runs of a boss until the RNG fits into place to give you the run of cards you need to get a good chunk of progress through a boss through your first turn.As of right now, you can hit Escape and Return to menu, which will let you restart the Encounter.  I don't exactly consider this cheating, as I cannot progress until I beat the boss anyways, it's more or less saving me several hours of having to repeat the same content for no apparent reason.  In other ""rogues"", you generally learn something each time you die and are better armed for whats ahead of you the next time.  In Card Quest, you maybe learn something the first time a boss kills you, but beyond that, it's really just trial and error until you hit a good string of cards that let you do what you need to do.The game would be in a much better state if the following were implemented:Letting players change their classe's equipment after every stage.  With this feature, I can actually choose where I want to go whenever I want to, instead of letting my deck dictate that.  If I want to go to the Sewers where contact damage is a thing, I think swap out some equipment to arm me with Ranged damage.  If this area has a lot of enemies that spawn Adds, I can swap equpiment to give me some AoE stun options, and so on.  As of now, once you pick your starting equipment, you're locked into it the entire run, so you better hope you make no mistakes as to where you want to go.Secondly, getting rid of the Rogue elements.  There are no other ""rogue elements"" in the game aside from ""start over"", so this addition is just benign and seemingly only for the ability to add the tag to their game.  The game is already a massive grind as it is, as the XP rewards for enemies are atrocious, adding more of it isn't helping anyone."
,Recommended,493080,33408217,Posted: 9 July,all,Srdjan,"Interesting, cheap and a great deal of replayability."
76561197970681983,Recommended,493080,29978000,Posted: 16 February,all,jakavp,"Very fun to play for a quick round every now and then. A bit hard - you will die often in the beginning, but still fun enough mechanics to keep you coming back for more. Just getting out of Old Town is reward enough for me!"
76561198005326661,Recommended,493080,34663458,Posted: 1 September,all,MangaPinches,"This game is like marathon solitaire mixed with dungeon crawling.Of course, that means you get to unlock sweet LOOT.  :DIt starts off slow but wow, everything came together beautifully.The mechanics.  I LOVE the mechanics in this game.  I played this game for 13 hours over the past two days (while still in med school) and I barely even noticed the time passing.  And I only tried played through with the wizard class - didn't even TOUCH rogue or warrior yet.Such a fun, challenging and engaging game.True, once you unlock a lot of content the difficulty can sharply drop.  But the beauty of this game is that you can mix different equipment sets to make things more difficult or easier.  Some combinations are just silly while others are really strong.The bosses and enemies were fun and I found myself getting hyped and nervous the first time I challenged a new boss.Highly recommended and lots of fun for the right audience."
,Recommended,493080,34720979,Posted: 3 September,all,Dimethyltrip,"This game is really well designed and addictive. It's a card-based RPG with roguelikey elements, but you don't have to go through the hassle of assembling your own decks. Even if it seems a bit relentless at first, it really does reward you and balance out as you play and unlock new things. I definitely got my money back 10x over already."
76561198018687510,Recommended,493080,33239875,Posted: 4 July,all,Cathairez,"Addictive! I belive it's actually a drug, I can't leave it alone...I crave more. I must play again...I can do it this time...I won't die. One more round is all I need, come on man...just let me have one more.This is fun, and I mean FUN. Looking at the trailer and images above, I was kinda ""bleh, this can't be any good"". Someone insisted I try it, and DAMN it, it's fun."
76561198052291034,Recommended,493080,33425463,Posted: 10 July,all,Arco (Azaiel),"While the premise of the game was interesting, I was initally reluctant to buy the game because of the graphic's style (it's a matter of personal taste).In the end, I decided to buy it during the Summer Sale, along with a bunch of other games, with the intention to play it in the future. And here came my surprise: I launched the game just to test it... and couldn't stop playing. The rest of the games I bought on the sale are the ones who are resting in my library completely forgotten, because I am loving Card Quest so much I can't stop playing.The gameplay is rock solid, really original, with tons of replayability, a fair amount of customization and lots of variety in terms of decks, enemies, environments... I am even liking the graphics now :)Highly recommended!"
76561198051897031,Recommended,493080,33868048,Posted: 28 July,all,Leviathans,This is very good and addictive. It should be more popular.
76561198021430230,Recommended,493080,29472976,Posted: 24 January,all,Murderfish,"I'm not much of a reviewer, so I will simply say ""Yes, you should buy this,"""
76561198034311519,Recommended,493080,31809362,Posted: 17 May,all,FUCK DONALD TRUMP,"As a long time player of legacy storm  in Magic: The Gathering, this really scratches that itch to ""go off"" and combo! Additionally, I'm a big fan of the 90's era pixel art aesthetic, and it is done particularly well here."
76561198007748381,Recommended,493080,31565139,Posted: 5 May,all,lepape,"The core mechanics are quite solid, even though the game feels sometimes rough around the edges, and the learning curve can be punishing very early on.This game is well worth it's price and deserves more recognition."
,Recommended,493080,29705907,Posted: 4 February,all,Rasengan45,"Very fun. Although it is early access and has some bugs/glitches, they don't seriously detract from the game."
76561198062611376,Recommended,493080,30057440,Posted: 20 February,all,Baloonfish,"I know the maker of this game personally and consider him a friend to me. That said I still bought the game and did not get it for free.Card quest is a rogue like card game where you battle through areas using the cards as your character ""moves"".The game is quite good in its current state and has a good blend of stratagy and luck when using the cards.That said some cards are distinctly better than others. Playing as the warrior I found I could not do without the ""Defensive stance"" card.The classes still need some balancing. Wizard being the worst class at current. But all classes can carry you through the game if you play them/get lucky enough.The game is difficult. I've barly made it past the third area. Which brings me the what I think is the biggest current issue. The leveling is really quite slow. It can take several runs to level up and in some cases I did not think the power increase that large. I found the berserker cards for the warrior to be far less useful than the basic set.Overall the game still has some issues but they could be easily solved. I would recomend it as the game is still very engrossing, fairly fast paced and enjoyable to play."
76561198359764054,Recommended,493080,31019809,Posted: 8 April,all,Rainbow Lotus,"This game is amazing, full of depth, and with the latest update, quality and replayability were improved once more!Now the game really feels almost finished, and just needs some additional fine-tuning before release. And believe me: The final game will be a blast!But, already now, in its pre-release state, you can feel the love that the devs share with their project, and they are very active, friendly and listening, and have improved the game during early-access immensely, from a nice little game, to a very serious, very entertaining and polished product!They really deserve support, and id love to see more from them in the future!To come to a conclusion, CQ really is a shiny example of a single-player card game done right, and offers tons of fun and playtime! And while there is some RNG involved, with proper planning and careful play, you can overcome almost any challenge...Absolutely recommended!"
,Recommended,493080,35308923,Posted: 29 September,all,conor_mcshane,I wud r?????
,Recommended,493080,29381519,Posted: 20 January,all,AHotSipOfColdTea,"Card quest is recomended. It is a tactical card game where you have selection of different equipment which gives you different active effects as well as builds.The biggest flaw is the level up system giving vertical power progression. It is essentially impossible to beat the entire dungeon on your first playthrough as the passive bonuses are not there. Instead you need to level up a few times to give the bonuses. I wish the bonuses were unlocked by beating a level and the equipment (which for the most part is horizonal power with the exception of getting a new slot used) was earned over time.However I do find the game really fun.The Rogue is by far the easiest class to understand early on because it relies on energy as its only resource while the other classes have more resources.You will need to level to beat some of the dungeons. The first floor is beatable at level 1 or 2, and then it seems like around 3, 5, 7, 9 for the remaining tiers. These are ballpark levels and it should not take that much more grinding but just expect that the vertical progression holding back your advancement a bit.There are absolutely equipment that is better at going down some paths. You will quickly realize that some builds are great early on but may need to be changed out to deal with certain floors. This is most obvious with things that only affect melee range once ranged monsters start appearing.There is several mechanics in the game that need to be figured out. Things like maxing out on fire energy does damage to the wizard or how certain monsters have a leap or range attack that is not immediately obvious."
76561198045401832,Recommended,493080,30482697,Posted: 12 March,all,SoloPlayah,Addicting and lots of replay value. Game is updated.Unique.Graphics and sound are from 1989.
,Recommended,493080,30069318,Posted: 20 February,all,HUGE,"This game is pretty good, guys. Seriously.Its got challenge, replayability, different strategy depending on what you are fighting, what class you are using, and even your choice of gear.Branching multiple paths in adventures kept me coming back to the same areas just to pick the other path for new enemies and loot.In addition to this, loot is a joy to get, as it doesn't just change the damage you do, but rather the way you play. Different cards are put into your deck with each piece of gear you equip (except clothing, familiars and trinkets, but those are usable in themselves). A simple leveling system rewards you as you go along, offering some powerful passive abilities and even some other stuff.Graphics are pretty charming as well.Also, the dev is extremely active. Posted a bug report and it was fixed within the day.If you look at this game and it seems like something that might interest you, I recommend buying it."
,Recommended,493080,32751502,Posted: 24 June,all,Sigh,This game is v good!
76561198014603772,Recommended,493080,32273348,Posted: 8 June,all,an eggsalad sandwich,This game rules.
,Not Recommended,493080,29475891,Posted: 24 January,all,dustin_00,"FTL: the dungeon crawlling card game.... So like FTL, you have to get through 9 zones -- er, dungeons, to reach the end.Played 5 times, got past the first zone once, barely. Half the time, I died in the first couple of encounters simply due to having no playable cards.If you enjoy Super Meat Boy, you're gonna love this."
