user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197970752300,Recommended,493200,32393896,Posted: 13 June,all,Vaultboy101,Honestly one of the most beautiful games I have ever played ever... Its the most moving game and actually moved me to tears. No game has ever done that to me...It really is an emotional and beautiful game that can make a grown man cry... Fantastic
,Recommended,493200,32508183,Posted: 17 June,all,Katana,"RiME is almost certainly worth your time, but it's less likely worth the price for most people I know.Much of it is comparable to a game like Journey or Abzu - very good and very consistent visuals, and an entirely nonverbal story. There's some puzzle-solving, but none of it is anything that will tax your brain so much. It's a relaxing game to play, which depending on your mood may be just what you need.Ending thoughts for me are mixed. I disliked that you basically know nothing about the game's meaning until the reveal at the end. To me, that didn't really feel like satisfying pacing - like each scene before the ending just resulted in mental confusion, like ""This could mean anything"".I actually think Tequila Works' other game this year, The Sexy Brutale, pulled off this kind of eye-opening twist ending much better, with little hints and other little stories spread throughout the early game, as well as more satisfying writing/gameplay even when it's not contributing to ""the reveal"". Basically, RiME often felt more empty - which may be okay for a lot of people.In spite of misgivings, I can still recommend the game for a playthrough, and I know the ending hit some people harder than me, so it may be a more valuable experience to you. I think it's safe to wait for a sale on it, though."
76561197998642227,Not Recommended,493200,34104454,Posted: 8 August,all,Evil Hotdog,"This game gives me a double feeling, there are a lot of neat ideas and I actually liked playing the game but I can't really recommend it though.It looks really nice, the graphics are clean with excellent lighting and a lot of attention has been spent on the artistic side. The sounds and music all fit very well and add to the immersion.I knew what to expect before I bought this, it's more or less a linear walking simulator with some puzzle elements and some minor storytelling. A bit like Abzu you could say.So why am I still giving it a negative review?- It's rather short for the price.- not good optimized for PC, I'm getting a lot of fps drops which really break the immersion, even on lowest settings. (I can run games like DOOM and KF2 on very high-ultra without fps drops)- It can be a bit boring at times, there is no action and not a lot of life in the game (unlike abzu which is brimming with life).- navigating the character can be a bit tricky sometimes.I do recommend it to people who like:-pretty and relaxing games,-exploring ruins,-mediterranean climate,but I would wait untill the price drops"
,Not Recommended,493200,32025702,Posted: 28 May,all,Nimja,"It's... fine.The graphics are nice, but not super well optimized.The design is good, very consistent. And without many UI elements, still communicating things like pain, air, etc.The music is quite good. Sound design in general is very nice.But the puzzles are... fine. Not terribly complicated and extremely linear.The 2 things that bug me though are the camera and the gameplay.The camera is taken control of *way* too often. Making it annoying to walk in a straight line in many places. Not to mention the cutscenes every few steps to show off something cool. - Honestly, I wish the devs had watched the HL2 and HL2 EP1 developer commentary. As they never take control away from the player and teach you a lot on how to do it.The gameplay... It's a 3d platformer with very clunky movement. You press a button and a FULL SECOND later, the boy acts. You climb on vines, but you cannot jump off until you stop, hold movement, wait for the boy to look where you want to leap and then press the jump button. After half a second, the boy will actually jump.It reminded me of the FIRST Prince of Persia on DOS. As opposed to what I wanted it to be; the fluid movement of Sands of Time.Another gripe is that the visuals while very nice, are inconsistent on what you can and cannot do. Invisible walls prevent you from doing things you expect you can. And some edges you fall off instantly, while others make you wobble in place for a moment.In a game where it's 30% puzzles and 70% 3d platforming, the movements could have been improved significantly. Also some of the animations are just silly (the boy's run animation... watch his elbows).Still..It's a nice game. I enjoy it, but it's NOT worth full price. $10 maybe.Not worth the hype. I regret prepurchasing it."
76561198086081400,Not Recommended,493200,31981068,Posted: 26 May,all,TombstoneActual,I was so excited for this game and I have to say as others have reported it is a very bad port. The performance is very bad for high end cards. Its stanage to see that you can run games like Prey at Ultra @60 Fps and this game is getting 40 at medium.Bad Optimization.
,Not Recommended,493200,32660741,Posted: 22 June,all,TheNormalGeek,"I wanted this so badly to become one of my all-time favorite games. However, it didn't end up being one. First of all, i'd like to say that this isn't a bad game. I don't mind the length (I spent 5 hours completing it). However, certain aspects truly made the experience feel mediocre. If you didn't already guess, the sound and visuals are stunning. The story is great when you have reached the end. Until the final part of the game I was just running for the flagpole (top of the tower), not because I wanted to explore the story, but because I wanted to see what the game was going to award me with.The one thing that really bothered me is how the path you take in the game is straighter than something drawn with the guide of a ruler. One example, is when you have to go to three different windmills. Here I feel like the developers missed an oppertunity for the player to choose which order the three are done. In reality, you get forced to do them in a certain order and take the one path put in front of you. In a game with exploration as a tag, I would like for there to be more exploration.Going on from the last part, the platforming in this game isn't the greatest. It feels more like a game of simon says than anything. ""Simon says, hold left and press A to jump to the next part."" This is caused by the lack of skill needed to get from ledge to ledge (the game is filled with ledges). From what I remember, there wasn't a single moving platform in the game. Nowhere did you have to time your jump to get to the next platform. This is something I feel was a bad choice. There was nothing that really tested me as a player. I thought it was going to be a challenge to get to the top of the tower. The platforming was lacking, boring and linear.The puzzles ranged from too easy, to easy. Some of the puzzles are neat especially the environmental ones. But, when markers are placed on the floor with the object symbol, you can't really call it a puzzle.There's also a lot more that I just can't be bothered writing about. For example how the fox you meet doesn't really interact with the main character other than saying ""look here, this is where you go next"".All in all:+ Visually stunning+ Audio is great+ Story is good+ Environmental Puzzles are fun, especially the ones using light- Platforming is lacking, doesn't test the player- Puzzles are far too easy- You can't explore freely, you have to walk the set path- Main character doesn't interact with the companion, except when they first meet- Answers to puzzles are basically written on the floor through markers- Story only becomes good towards the endMy final verdict is 6,5 / 10,0.TL;DR: Pick this game up if you don't mind easy puzzles, getting forced to follow a set path or that the platforming doesn't challenge you as a player."
,Not Recommended,493200,32099598,Posted: 31 May,all,RbdJellyfish,"The graphics, sound, and story are all really well done, but this is a game, and the gameplay wasn't great. I'm normally a fan of adventure puzzle games, but there are problems with both the adventure and puzzle aspect in this game. Although there are some nooks and crannies and some hidden collectibles, the main path to progress is super linear; it's hard to be motivated to explore when progress completely halts when you leave the main path or try to do any little thing out of order that the game doesn't want you to do. Meanwhile, the puzzles themselves are either brain-dead easy, or difficulty due to their arbitrary nature. There are very few, if any, puzzles that require any deep thought to solve. Controls were clunky and unresponsive at times, and I hit some pretty bad frame hitches despite running on an up-to-date machine. Overall the game just felt like a chore to play.I feel bad writing this because clearly a lot of love was put into the game. Like I said, the art was excellent, and the story really came together at the end. The gameplay itself just held this game back."
76561198176589254,Recommended,493200,32559839,Posted: 19 June,all,Marnie,"I signed up for an adventure, turned into a feeltrip."
76561197999198124,Not Recommended,493200,32002636,Posted: 27 May,all,diegodtm,Bad optimisation made me refund the game. If the devs fix I will buy again and see if it is really good or not. And I'm using a GTX 1070.
,Recommended,493200,34387596,Posted: 20 August,all,McBunny,RiME is a storyA story about being lostA story about new experiencesA story about new companionsA story about seeing the world in new waysA story about familiar facesA story about bleak horizonsA story about courageA story about fearA story about overcoming obstaclesA story about rememberingA story about taking life awayA story about giving new lifeA story about making new friendsA story about teamworkA story about losing loved onesA story about self sacrificeA story about losing everyone you care aboutA story about losing yourselfA story about despairA story about seeing the truthA story about accepting what isA story about remembering what wasA story about never forgettingA story about letting goRiME is not just a storyRiME is amazing work of art
76561198210346101,Not Recommended,493200,32020826,Posted: 28 May,all,Actress,"Impossible to give it a positive review until they make it more stable. Made my computer restart several times at a certain save point and couldn't play it after. Unfortunate because what i did play of it, i enjoyed."
,Recommended,493200,32002690,Posted: 27 May,all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/hxdW6XiL3lATL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSION!RiME is an atmospheric third-person puzzle-platforming adventure. You play as a young boy, and you wake up at on the shore of an island. Without any knowledge of where you are or what’s going on, you head towards the giant tower on the island. The story slowly unfolds as the game progresses, but I hesitate to say anything about it because it’s easy to spoil. The story itself was fine. Even though it was predictable, it did evoke an emotional response.The majority of the gameplay is comprised of platforming, puzzles, and exploration. Most of the game is played it at your own pace, but there are a couple enemies that will kill you if you aren’t quick to take cover or get away. If you happen to die, the game just respawns you shortly before where you died, so it’s fairly casual and user friendly in that regard.You have a fox ally that guides you towards where you need to go, so I followed the fox the whole game. Looking back though, I kind of regret not venturing off on my own to look for hidden goodies.The game has different puzzles mechanics. In some puzzles, you’ll need to interact with different objects to create shadows or light to change the environment, while in others you’ll need to use your shout ability to trigger effects like doorways opening. One of the neat puzzle mechanics is pushing around blocks, and then lining up the shapes on the block to a matching pattern in the environment. Doing this transfers the shapes to the environment, or you can transfer from the environment to the block.Pros:platforming feels smooth and responsive; there’s quite a bit of parkour as you climb up rocks and buildings, and the game makes it very obvious which ledges you can grab onto (no wondering if you can make the jump or not)good exploration - there are a good number of secrets to find off of the main trailsgood puzzles with an appropriate difficulty for the style of the game (they aren’t too difficult where you get stuck, but they offer enough of a challenge that you might not figure them out immediately)the graphics are visually appealing, with a lovely art style; the environments look very nice, the characters are cute, and the animation is done wellbeautiful and moving soundtrack - the music is absolutely amazing throughout the whole gameambience and sound effects are also done incredibly well; the sounds of the wind, the rain, the birds, all of the audio did a fantastic job creating an immersive atmospherecontrols are fully customizable, and there is full controller support (either one works great)Cons:the performance could use improvement (with Win10, i7-6700k, 32GB RAM, GTX 1070 there are still some significant and noticeable frame drops into the low 40s/high 30s)(nitpick) the main story may be considered a little short for the price by someThe game took me about 4.5 hours to complete, but after finishing, I realized that I missed most of collectibles. There’s not really any replay value to the story itself, but you can load the different chapters and go back to find all the secrets and achievements.Conclusion:RiME is a good game, but it’s slower pacing might not appeal to everyone. The puzzles, and the platforming feel good, and I enjoyed my time playing it. The game has a lot of charm, and an amazing soundtrack. Although, I do feel like the price tag is a little high.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Recommended,493200,32133970,Posted: 2 June,all,Wiznik,"DISCLAIMER: Anyone who claims the story in this game is ""lacking"" simply didn't spend any time actually thinking about what was going on, observing the symbols and motifs, and were just busy worrying about being told what's going on. If you like to be told what's going on at all times, you probably won't enjoy this game. If you enjoy thought-provoking story that requires some in-depth thinking, then you probably will like this game.When I first started playing, I didn't really know what to think about it. I really love games like this.The beginning was rather slow, like it was meant for little kids. Because of that, I was thinking to myself, ""Oh, this is one of those games that tries to emulate something like ICO, but will ultimately fail at establishing a meaningful or consuming story."" In short- I underestimated the developers.Well, I just finished the game and I have to say that it is probably one of favorites of this genre. The team who made this was absolutely brilliant. Was it very slow in the beginning? Absolutely. But once you open up to the ""actual game"", you become very consumed by what's going on. The progression of the story is meaningful, thoughtful, and very unique. The symbolisms are rich and the story turns on its head in terms of the feelings it inspires.The art/graphics were amazing, but there are some optomization issues. I have a 1070, 16gb RAM, and an i7, I should be able to run it on max everything and not see the kind of stuttering I saw when turning the camera. If you put everything on ""medium"" and turn the advanced settings on, it should look gorgeous and eliminate the stuttering/framerate drop. I was just a little irked I couldn't do everything on ultra. But that's a very MINOR thing, as everything was still gorgeous and breathtaking on medium.I was constantly annoyed that the ledges had this bird-crap looking stain on them through the ENTIRE game, I wish they had maybe come up with something different. It actually ruined my immersion more than a couple times as I mildly thought, ""That poor kid has to jump face first into bird sh*t."" I think it's supposed to be wear on the rocks, but I just couldn't get it out of my head. Lol.The puzzles in general were quite easy, but the experience is really what you are paying for. The amazing music, the scenery, the characters, the story- it's all well worth the $30 I paid. Absolutely breathtaking game. I'd say it's my third favorite behind Journey and ICO."
76561198323649776,Not Recommended,493200,31998728,Posted: 27 May,all,1987ugur,Too buggy. when the following camera comes close to a wall the texture goes garrity. And you can see the other side of the wall but not the boy. What I mean is you literally get inside the wall and you can't see the boy unless you rotate the camera to a different angle. This ruined an otherwise would-be perfect experience for me. I hope they fix it somehow. I didn't experience stutters or hitching like others reported though.When everytinng is maxed out with only anti-aliasing turned to txaa I get 120 fps on 4k  resolution.  And when I max that out too I get 40-60 unstable fps with sporadic fps drops. Then again I have a 1080ti beast so it is normal. But that glitchy camera is really frustrating.
76561198119774852,Not Recommended,493200,32089682,Posted: 31 May,all,Jihad_Feminist,"Pretty visuals and a good score can't sugarcoat how indifferent I was the entire time playing this.And it runs sub-par even on high-end PCs.  Optimization needs serious work,"
,Recommended,493200,33203041,Posted: 3 July,all,=H=Jola,This game touched a nerve in me. In the beginning you have no idea where you are or what your purpouse is but eventually it becomes more and more clear.This game is beautiful and deep. Hell it made me cry. I highly recommend this game
76561198273656139,Recommended,493200,32242404,Posted: 7 June,all,TrueBorosi,"RiME is a great game about a boy who finds himself on an island. It is an emotional journey of discovery and loss, and as you progress the island turns stranger and stranger, with beautiful surreal elements and artistic landscapes. I recommend it wholeheartedly to those who like peaceful games led by the visuals and the story. If you find the first level slightly dull, as I did for a little, don't get discouraged; the next ones are far better and the game, I think, is a piece of art and should be enjoyed as such. Take your time. Delight with the scenery and the music. And, in the end, discover the mystery of the big tower...p.d: if you liked Journey, ABZU, Limbo, etc., this is a must."
,Recommended,493200,32413138,Posted: 14 June,all,Vinrafel,"Video Reviewhttps://youtu.be/RSWwv3y7Bc8Quick InfoOverall, this game is a bit of a mixed bag. If you’re looking for great story or gameplay then this is likely to disappoint. The narrative was poorly formed and the puzzles were un-engaging and were sometimes hampered by stiff controls. However, if you’re searching for a great looking experience then you’ve come to the right place. There is a lot of visual appeal in every inch of the environment. Make of that what you will. This game really only succeeds at catering to a rather niche audience.For a more in-depth review see the video above or read the review at:Vinrafel"
,Recommended,493200,32050551,Posted: 29 May,all,SidAlpha,"https://youtu.be/D3AyXx7rvnIPlease bear in mind that this is a first impressions review only and I have not completed the game at the time of this review.That said, RIME is a mostly well done game that follows along similar lines of Journey, Abzu, and Inside. It is a non-combat puzzle exploration game at it's core. It is extremely easy to get story-driven games of this type, where the environment and the visuals tell the story for you, so very wrong. Fortunately, the Developers showed themselves more than capable of relating a story in this manner and the overall experience is quite enjoyable.Unfortunately, I did experience some significant performance issues with SSAA Antialiasing which apparently is a common issue with GTX 1080's and 1080 Ti's. In addition it has been reported that AMD 580's and the GTX 900 series graphics cards are also experiencing a range of issues. In addition to that, the game lacks meaningful replayability and with a 10-15 hour play time I feel it is poor value for the asking price. While I give it an upvote, I do honestly feel this should be a $20 game. See more in my FIrst Impressions video listed above."
76561198007301844,Recommended,493200,32527524,Posted: 17 June,all,Thanatopsis,"(ICO - female companion + a fox) + (The Last Guardian - Trico + decent controls) + (Tomb Raider Annivsersary - shooting & grapple) + (Inside & Limbo + full 3D graphics) + (Journey + light puzzles & platforming) = RiMERiME is far more than the sum of its parts. It is a beautiful, engaging, thought-provoking adventure with often amazing visuals and a wonderful soundtrack. Although the ending didn't affect me like some people, I did like it and it made the rest of the dream-like game make sense to me.It took me about 6 hours to complete, but I still have some more secrets to find, which do add to the story. If you are not into short puzzle-platformers with a somewhat nebulous story, wait for a sale. Personally I would have paid full AAA price for the experience. Not everything has to be a 100-hour fetch quest. Those 6 hours flew by leaving me not at all disappointed, but wanting more.I played it after the DRM was removed that some people said contributed to poor frame rate. With my GTX 1080i at 1080p and ultra settings it hung around 60fps with only a few small dips to 40fps. But it isn't a quick-reflex shooter. It wasn't a problem at all for me. Plus I tried it at medium settings and 720p and it still looked fine.9 out of 10"
76561198209677199,Recommended,493200,32399673,Posted: 13 June,all,bmanvilla1,"Game is by far the most incredible experience ive ever had playing a video game. it literally brought me to tears by the end of the game. such a beautiful game, and the soundtrack is the greatest ive ever heard in a game. I promise you, you will not regret this game!"
76561197995369485,Not Recommended,493200,33731387,Posted: 22 July,all,Substance,"Ah Rime, Rime, Rime, you had so much potential. I can see why both Sony and Microsoft dropped this game as an exclusive. Rime is a glorified running simulator, the games vast areas have you running from point A to point B solving annoying puzzles where, get this, the boy has to scream at statues?! There is basic platforming along the way that would make Mr Drake raise an eyebrow. The game can't decide whether its trying to ape Ico or Zelda and fails at both spectacularly. Also starring a creepy bird and nosey fox, Rime has a weird latency problem with its controller responsiveness, everything felt slow and laggy despite running at the supposed 60fps. I had to use Steam's controller config to reduce the analog stick's dead zone to the point where even a teeny nudge had the character do a sprint, that's how frustrated I was with the controls.Didn't take me too long to finish the game but I had to force myself to the finish line, there is no point to exploring, no other meaningful gameplay, its pretty much 70% running, 20% screaming and 10% jumping. That's all there is. The one positive, the game has good music that can sometimes be downright amazing, gave me strange Tomb Raider Underworld music vibes. I regret buying this game at full price and wouldn't recommend it to you even if it were on sale and if you were bored and had nothing else to play.Finally the graphics, I feel are good but not optimized. My GTX 980 Ti couldn't run the game at 60fps unless I toned down a few settings and selected FXAA (SMAA or TXAA made the game run worse)."
76561197976733585,Not Recommended,493200,32053497,Posted: 29 May,all,Tex,"I really wanted to like this game... I really did.The art style and early mystery is good, but the actual gameplay is borderline terrible. Simple platforming and exploration of the world is clunky and the cinematic camera work causes you to constantly have to adjust where you're running and not nearly as smoothly as other games do this (Uncharted).The puzzles are boring and really nothing of interest gameplay wise has been revealed thus far.I won't ask for a refund because I like to support games that take chances, but this one is unfortunately a flop. Shame."
,Recommended,493200,32186532,Posted: 4 June,all,zuppaclub,"beautiful graphic, great puzzles, nice collectiblesbut right now, this game not so stable, from 60 fps drop to 30 fps, whatever graphic setting I use (low, med, high, maxed, custom)  , it's same result.I hope the dev will fix this issue.you could wait until the price is drop or until this game got fix by the dev.----------------------after new patch 1.02 , the game is more stable (less laggy and less stuttering) , but it's still have framerate drop but not too noticeable.----------------------the newest patch made this game performance perfect, stable 60 fps , no stutter, no lag. perfect"
,Not Recommended,493200,32060980,Posted: 30 May,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"I completed Rime in about 5 hours, and I take my time on games, so I'd estimate average playtime to be about 10-12 hours, to complete the game once. You could rush through in less, but wouldn't want to. Once you've completed it, the level select option is opened up, along with info on which collectables you have found in each area. The design and art direction is nice enough, as are the levels and puzzles. The music and sound effects are decent too, but the game is also quite frustrating. There's a little bit of heart-string pulling towards the end of the game, although nothing too out of the ordinary.The main distraction are some serious and frequent frame rate issues; just running through a corridor or panning the camera results in drops. Shadows on walls can also look atrocious, with serious pixelation and flicker. This game is pretty, but by no means graphically stunning, and there is no excuse for these issues. Strangely the frame rate issues were mostly concentrated in the first few areas, but they did crop up throughout. If a game like legend of zelda breath of the wild : Cemu Emulator (which does have stunning visuals and much more happening at once) can maintain a solid frame rate on a low end pc, 99% of the time, then so can this, with its much simpler graphics and levels.There seem to be issues with some of the achivement. I did exactly as required and didn't receive some. They are also extremely ambiguous, and in one case could have meant one of two things, which was a real pain (you're hiding from one creature by using the shade, while also trying to avoid other creatures which may or may not be called ""shades""...). Lots of the achivements seem to be things you'd stumble upon more by luck rather than through skill or exploring. A little annoying as it's nice to know what you have to do, even if not where, instead of just a random riddle alluding to something you have no clue about.This is a good, and not stellar, game. The 9/10 rating from Edge is their way of saying they want more games like this compared with FPS's and open world collecting / shooting games, which would be nice, but they don't have to show that by inflating a game's score. I'd give it 5/10. The reduced RRP helps, but even for $20 or so, 10-12 hours isn't a whole lot of playtime, and I'm not sure I'm that fussed about playing each level again (collectables would be fine - toys, costumes etc, but for the achievement which I have no idea at all how to get, it's a waste of time).It's great to see developers making games like this, I was just hoping for a little more. It's a lot of lovely ideas, nicely put together, but as some other reviewers have commented on, we've kind of seen it all before. You can see what they were trying to achieve, but some fresher ideas and a little more to do wouldn't have gone amiss, along with maybe a few more levels. It's very bare-bones, but in some ways that's nice, without superfluous and vacuous NPC's, pages of stats, having to craft items, keep an inventory, and have a huge laundry list of objectives to tick off. Still, a good effort, and anything that's not a Marvel cash-in or new Call of Duty is definitely worth a look."
,Recommended,493200,32401579,Posted: 13 June,all,twitch.tv/dezwattronica,Don't know if the devs would ever read this...But if they could...Just wanted them to know they did great job. Love the story
,Recommended,493200,34263356,Posted: 15 August,all,Iiaeze,"I have mixed feelings aboutRiME. The core of games like this - light on gameplay/puzzles, more focused on presentation - is the general atmosphere and story. Both need to be great for the overall experience to be good, and while I enjoyedRiMEdeeply while playing it, after the ending and with some reflection I'm really not sure what to think.Starting with the good, the art design and music is excellent. Levels are well thought out and designed to seem as if they actually exist. Each stage is self-contained but all aspects of that stage are consistent with the boundaries that we can see - nothing seems to exist in hammerspace as it were. There's tidbits of story that exist as murals and miscellaneous architecture and given the rather esoteric nature of the beginning plot finding these is its own reward. There's also a decent number of collectibles for those that like treasure hunting.The issue I have withRiMEcomes from its ending. My view is somewhat hard to explain without spoilers, but essentially the entirety of the game is a red herring. After the ending the intended symbolism of the levels is explained directly, but even still the details of the levels don't fit with the ending. That's not really too big of a deal in of itself, but I feel that if the details of the levels actually did relate directly to the story the game would have been better for it, and it still would be possible to implement the ending that's already there. When examined independently the ending isn't particularly weak - in fact I think it gives an excellent message and that message is treated with care - there's just wasted potential when there was obviously the opportunity for a more detailed setting and story that could have been told while also keeping the original moral.I'm still not sure if I would recommendRiMEor not. It's not a game that I have any interest in replaying, but I don't regret the experience either. I suppose that's enough."
,Recommended,493200,32158028,Posted: 3 June,all,NIA | Cyanotic,"If you are expecting a fast-paced action shooter, this is not your game.If you want a Zelda clone, don't buy it.This is not an ""open sandbox"" or an exploration survival game.I managed to complete the game for the first time in le then 5 hours so...it's pretty simple, I guess. Yes, I haven't collected all the hidden items an other stuff.This game is a masterpiece, it is just an artwork. This is not an addictive game, this is just a good tale. By playing the story and looking around you can see a lot of hints, stories, tales, small or big details. This game is just beautiful.I think that the price is a little bit high compared to other fun titles, but I really appreciate the original plot, artworks and originality of the game developers.If this will ever be in discount, buy it!"
76561198103709265,Not Recommended,493200,32022357,Posted: 28 May,all,keyrondax,"way too short (first playthrough about 5 hours).wouldn´t really call this a puzzle or adventure game,there is no adventure and you do not have to figureout anything, just a little running around andjumping.and the ending is just depressing.it has got nice visuals and a decent soundtrack though.if it was € 3,00 instead of € 34,00 i would recommendit as a nice interactive screensaver."
,Recommended,493200,32065906,Posted: 30 May,all,Bib,"RiME is a visually stunning game. The colours are bright and even the darker scenes are beautiful. I was especially impressed by the water in this game.The music and sound is also amazing. The soft violin and oceans sounds make this game very relaxing and enjoyable.The puzzles in this game are not difficult but at the same time, the combination of puzzles and platforming make this game very interesting to play.RiME is also a surprisingly long game for what it is. I completed it in 5hrs (Probably 4.5hrs if I hadn't got confused).The story of this game is complex and meaningful and is very much based on how the player interprets the story. The game does not force a certain plot upon you; it leaves you to decide what a certain character is feeling and why they are like they are.The most amazing thing about RiME is its ability to portray feeling and mood through image, colour and posture of characters rather than through words. This is a very unique skill and has to be applauded in RiME.Overall, I would highly recommend this game as a casual puzzle game but also as a deep story and visual masterpiece. Well worth the money."
,Recommended,493200,32039262,Posted: 29 May,all,RAV,"If you enjoyed Ico, Shadow of the Colossus, The Last Guardian, and to a lesser extent, Journey or Abzu, then this game is totally for you. It borrows heavily from their mechanics, and wraps it up in a very bright and colorful package that's teaming with heart."
,Recommended,493200,32051413,Posted: 29 May,all,RvB Caboose,"Halfway in review: Fantastic art style, looks like Zelda Breath of the Wild. Just exploration and puzzles tho, no direct combat. This game has a fantastic soundtrack to go along with the aesthetics. Really nice so far. Desert boss ""fight"" is truly unique. Will update when finished.Positives:-Artstyle is fantastic-Soundtrack is amazing-Puzzles are uniqueNegatives:-Performance not what it should be. On my laptop that should be more than sufficent with an i7, 32GB ram and an Nvidia 1060 I get fps drops to around 20 sometimes and average around 30."
,Recommended,493200,33060239,Posted: 30 June,all,fo_shiz,Starts off painstakingly slow and boring. But picks up and the game gets more fun. Really pretty art direction and style. Very philosophical game.
,Recommended,493200,32194798,Posted: 5 June,all,nintendo.erk,"Ok, first of all I agree with many reviews on the pricing of this game. For what it is it's far too expensive, somewhere around €10 -15 would fit this game better since I finished it in about 7 hours and I am a slow player looking at all the eyecandy and listening to the tunes. The music is very good.The game is a very nice casual experience, lots of PoP/Tomb Raider style platforming along with environmentally based puzzle solving. Puzzles could have been a bit harder but nothing too bad, it's all logic based without time pressure and there are no enemies to fight.Storywise there isn't very much IMO, it just feels emotional, almost sad. Especially the ending...The graphics are just amazing, the art style made me think of ""The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker"".I play on an i7 4790 with 32 GB DDR3 and GTX1070 with highest settings and it lagged incredible, changing anti-aliasing to fxaa solved this for me. I am ok with this since ssaa never actually works very well on my rig.In a  nutshell: If you don't care about money, buy it now! Otherwise add it to your wishlist and wait for it to be on sale."
76561198085863312,Recommended,493200,32957938,Posted: 28 June,all,Daisyloolaa,"Really enjoyed it, ending felt a little abrupt but it makes sense for the story."
,Recommended,493200,33072612,Posted: 1 July,all,Adolescent Gambino,"Excellent game. I recommend it to anyone that enjoys a good atmospheric platformer.RiME is about a boy that wakes up stranded on an island after wrecking his ship. Your goal is to find out where and who you are through a series of puzzles that lead to sometimes breathtaking vistas and beautiful music scores.PROS+Soundtrack+Art style, notably the water tesselation, is eye-catching+Lack of text or any sort of dialogue builds on the immersion that really helps you dive into the world of RiME (reminiscient of Journey)+Decent replayability. The game offers a chapter select option after finishing the game, while also providing a list of all collectables (these range from music to outfits) that you can find there.CONS+I personally didn't have any issues with this game, but there have been reports of it running pretty poorly on certain rigs. make sure to check your specifications even if they are above recommended.+Controls can be a little clunky at times+Camera angles are a little awkward at some points in the game (this has been mostly remedied by the movable camera angle added in a post-release patch+I don't regret spending 40 dollars on this game, but the argument that the content doesn't match the price is a valid one. Maybe wait until a sale.Overall an excellent addition to my library. Check it out!"
76561198145659113,Recommended,493200,32221864,Posted: 6 June,all,GefliptyBrain,"What a beautiful game. I had no issues with the graphics settings (even on a fairly lightweight laptop), gameplay was smooth throughout. The story of RiME is presented in abstract ideas and images (until a more concrete context is given at the very end); I found it engaging throughout, and made me curious enough to keep going, even if the puzzles were not very challenging (but mostly fun nonetheless).For me, the atmosphere of this game was the absolute highlight: the Mediterranean blue seas and skies, the Ghibli-esque strange figures and set pieces, and the gorgeous music. These made me take my time and linger in this beautiful world, rather than trying to finish as soon as possible. Definitely recommended for those looking for an atmospheric experience that ends up tugging at the heartstings."
76561198004778857,Recommended,493200,34625132,Posted: 30 August,all,Milamber,"Never have I played a more beautiful game that makes you solve puzzles, and most of the time the answer is easier than you'd think.First 5 minutes: I have no idea what I'm doingFirst hour: Okay ... I think I'm getting a hang of itFive hours: I don't want this to endSo many intelligent puzzles and for the little story I saw (apparently I need to go back and be more thorough so I can get all the collectibles) I really don't think I'll forget this game anytime soon."
,Recommended,493200,32695993,Posted: 23 June,all,CSn| Lia_Rein,"Probably one of the best games I've ever played.Amazing music, awesome graphics and wonderful characters.PS I cried"
76561197963218634,Recommended,493200,32100459,Posted: 31 May,all,Admiral Spaceship,"Wow! I am very happy with this purchase. Picked RiME up on pre-sale before it was released and it is worth every penny. I haven't finished the whole thing yet, but even if the game ended where I am now (or earlier) I would be satisfied.This game holds a similar place in my heart to Firewatch. Probably not very long in terms of hours of playtime, but the quality of the experience is so rich it doesn't matter. In my heart I do wish for a bigger, longer game in this universe, but what they have on offer is just excellent. Quality.The atmosphere and soundtrack/score really make this game. The art is unique and exceptional, and the feelings it evokes are full on! I suggest playing this game either at high volume when you have no interference from outside sources, or with a nice pair of headphones and some distraction-free time to kill.While there is no combat and the controls are basic, the climbing is fun and the puzzles are just tricky enough. I have seen some reviews with people complaining about the puzzles being too easy to solve or that the game is ""boring"", but to me the puzzles are just difficult enough to make you go ""ah-ha!"" and feel good about solving them. Some games will leave you stuck for hours in one room trying to figure something out, and while I appreciate that some love that challenge, I'm glad you are able to continue onwards through this game and appreciate it as a whole without getting too frustrated.I can understand why some people would be disappointed in this game, but if you're into Miyazaki movies, atmospheric games, and have some imagination to play with - I strongly recommend buying this game. Kudos to Grey Box for such an enchanting experience. I would easily pay you more money for this game - keep doing what you are doing!(spoilers) The bird scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me every time!"
,Not Recommended,493200,32056801,Posted: 29 May,all,Orglebrash Devourer of Kittens,"Unfortunately, refunding this game.  It's a very pretty game and the music is beautiful and all the ads and trailers had me excited for what seemed like another Ico/Journey-esque game.However, this was not a game, it was a slideshow.  And while I don't have the most top of the line computer, I do expect to be able to run any game at least at playable settings.  Even with the graphics turned down as low as possible, I had repeated framerate drops that completely broke any immersion I had in the game.For reference:i7 6700k 4.0 GHZ processorNvidea GTX 960 GPU8GB DDR4 Ram (can't remember speeds off the top of my head)EDIT:  Dariuas (the community manager) actually reached out to get some system information to try and help with fixing issues.  Personally, I think it's awesome when a company puts the effort forth to do this and while it doesn't excuse releasing a game in a broken state, it does go a long way towards making amends.  I will change my recommendation if/when any fixing patches have been made."
,Recommended,493200,32786467,Posted: 25 June,all,juxtarose,"This game is adorable. Freaking adorable. It was a little confusing at times, but I might have missed something. I played it all in one day so I might have been rushed. You start out as a kid washed ashore after a shipwreck in a storm and things get weird quick. The puzzles are fun to do and though it's about a little kid, it's really on the dark side of things. Dealing with things like being stranded/abandoned, depression, dying, being chased by things trying to eat your soul- but the way it's done is really beautiful. I highly reccomend this game to anyone ok with the feels."
,Recommended,493200,32815790,Posted: 26 June,all,Xeniaton,"Great game, everything is about contemplation (sound, music, level, great puzzles).Not much liberty though, would be appreciated to have more open levels."
,Recommended,493200,32539837,Posted: 18 June,all,Shroud3d,"Beautiful game. Most of the time you spend in it consists of just running, jumping and looking around but it does those things well enough. Gameplay is very smooth for the most part. Some people said there are puzzles, and I will relieve those who are held back by this, as all the puzzles in the game are incredibly obvious and easy.The last hour is an emotional rollercoaster. As others mentioned before, the pacing of the story is very weird; basically all of it is near the end.I think it is a little bit overpriced, since it's barely 5 hours of content for 35 bucks. The replay value is also very low since all of the routes become obvious after the first playthrough. I don't particularly enjoy going for 100% in a game like this as it is very easy to miss things, but if you do enjoy that sort of thing, there is a little bit more value there.But even then, it is a fun way to spend a couple hours of your weekend."
,Recommended,493200,32758232,Posted: 24 June,all,TyniiBadger,"If you enjoy games like Journey, Abzu and Submerged then this is a game I would recommend you play. I realize the price seems a little high, and it had me hestitating to purchase it, but I'm so glad I did. I do wish though that it had been somewhere about the $25.00 - $30.00 range and hopefully it will go on sale soon to appeal to more people.Rime is not only wonderful to look at (I don't know how many screen shots I've take so far) but it tells a beautiful, emotional story without the use of words, relying on the scene settings, music, and visual aids to guide you through. There are some puzzles that you will need to figure out but they aren't very hard and I will admit sometimes it takes a couple minutes to figure out what you need and where you need to go but the game does its best to lead you in the right direction.I also encourage exploration. I've completed the story but will be going back to get the collectibles I missed (there are a number of them so if you are a collector like me you'll want to be keeping an eye for the orange glows).I have noticed people in the comments mentioning it is a shorter game, and it is. It doesn't take a long to complete, its the hunt for collectibles that eats up some time. But this is the kind of game that isn't meant to be hours and hours long, its meant to be shorter, to tell a story about a boy who has found himself on the fantastic island.TLDR - Very artistic game, about 5-6 hours completion (not counting collectible hunting), Highly Reommended."
,Not Recommended,493200,32085523,Posted: 31 May,all,Victor,Graphics: 10/10Gameplay: 10/10Optimization: 1/10Well first of all we have a very nice visual graphics and nice music in the background but I can't play the game at 1440p@ maxed out settings with SMAA ON I get like 20-50 fps max I hope you will fix it in the next update.My build:i7-6800K@ 3.4ghzGTX 1080 2 way sli16gb ram 2400mhz
,Recommended,493200,31994337,Posted: 27 May,all,Celestial Sunberry,"This is a wonderful, beautiful little game with a wonderful, yet sad story. It's very heartfelt, and INCREDIBLY atmospheric. It's certainly worth a playthrough, hands down---it was money well spent.Here are my quick pros and cons about the game. (As a note, please see my cons for reducing/eliminating the stuttering problem.)PROS:*The puzzles are very intuitive.*Pacing is very good.*You can explore all you like, and just ENJOY the game. There's plenty to discover.*Music is PHENOMINAL.*Animation/movement is solid. They put a lot of effort into making you feel like they cared about the characters in the world.*Beautiful graphics, varied environments.*Game performance, after a couple of tweaks, is pretty good throughout.*Wonderful style, which is VERY solid through the entire game.*No UI annoying you. In a lot of ways, this game was very much like Journey.*A chance to form your own conclusions through visual storytelling.*Good for a second playthrough; once you're done, you can select stages, and get all the goodies, which is great.*Solid controller support.CONS:*Slight stuttering, every once in a while, but nothing that really impacts gameplay. I turned down the shadows to medium, and this seemed to solve most of the stuttering issues completely. I REPEAT, IF YOU'RE SUFFERING FROM ISSUES RELATED TO STUTTERING, TURN DOWN THE SHADOWS. UE4 is incredibly demanding when it comes to shadows. Also, this mostly seemed to be an issue with the first, and second levels, but the rest did not seem to suffer from this issue as much. The game is perfectly playable, and you should give it a chance.*Steam VR starts up when launching.*Some areas are just too dark. It's very hard to see where you're going in critical areas.*Sometimes, the yell seems to glitch, and not work.*Some ledges just don't seem to work very well. It might take a couple tries for the character to actually get around the ledge. Jumping from ledge to ledge is sometimes a bit odd as well, and you'll miss the mark. Camera angles impact this, too. It's not game breaking, but incredibly annoying.*The fox yelps a little too much sometimes; interrupts the flow of enjoyment hearing the constant yipping.Otherwise, really, this is a VERY good game, and I would highly recommend it."
76561198044202278,Not Recommended,493200,34034620,Posted: 5 August,all,GetToDaChopa,ill make it nice and short. Great concept and idea for a game that gets quite boring and unplayble due to the stuttering performance. Its very poorly optimized for the pc.
76561198081351565,Not Recommended,493200,32022580,Posted: 28 May,all,prefuse85,"I can't tell if its good or bad, as far as gameplay goes, because the framerate is all over the place. Even with graphics set to low quality I cant get it to steady out. How did they even let this release????? Pretty sure this a prime example of a corprate deadline that is going to kill a potentially good title. FIX IT!!!!"
76561198032877039,Recommended,493200,32223953,Posted: 6 June,all,Quinquaginta,"Although the engine is badly optimised at the time of writing - something a forthcoming update promises to remedy - I still wholeheartedly recommend this game. Whilst the puzzles are quite easy to solve, they are sufficiently interesting to keep you fully engaged with the game.The back-story is interesting and surprising. It is also more important to the game than you initially realise: interspersed with the regular gameplay are references to the protagonist's previous experiences whose meaning only becomes fully apparent towards the end.The music is fitting and tasteful. The graphics are often pretty, and sometimes simply beautiful."
,Recommended,493200,32626451,Posted: 21 June,all,That Gay Guy,"THIS GAME HAS STRONG FEELS ATTACHED TO IT!!!! IT HAS MADE ME WANT TO CRY AND THEN DIE, THEN DO SOME MORE CRYING AND THEN DIE EVEN MORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198033183961,Recommended,493200,32200482,Posted: 5 June,all,Okrum,"Excellent game, well worth the money and I enjoyed every  minute of it. Took me about 6 hours to complete but count on much more if you intend to find all the ""secrets"".It's a very poetic and soothing game and you won't be shooting anything in there so it won't be everyone's cup of tea for sure.There is quite a bit of walking to do but since the graphics are absolutely stunning ( I did go Waoow! a few times) it's always a pleasant experience.Most puzzles are relatively easy to solve apart from maybe 2 or 3 on which I got stuck a little, but this game isn't trying to be ""The  Witness"" and it's nice for once not to have to spend too long  figuring out the solution to puzzles.The music and sound are superb and I got really immersed in that oneiric universe.As for the performance problems I'd heard about, they didn't really affect me. I changed the original settings to FFXA and I was good to go. To be honest there were a few drops in the frame rate when there were vast landscapes to display but that didn't bother me at all and most of the time the game ran smoothly.Would I recommend it: Very much so if you want something different, and soothing like a breath fo fresh air :)Hats off to the developpers for making that  little indie gem !"
,Recommended,493200,34463415,Posted: 24 August,all,"Tyloo, The God","RiME is the charm of a 90's Disney movie (Mulan, Aladin, The Lion King, Hercules), and the atmosphere, exploration and puzzle-solving of games like Journey and Abzu. Really beautiful and wonderful."
,Recommended,493200,34520976,Posted: 26 August,all,Masem,"This is not perhaps the most challenging puzzle/exploration game out there - there's perhaps a few puzzles that required me to double check all that I could do and missed a climbable platform, but otherwise the solutions seem pretty simple. That said, the puzzle elements are introduced in a good ""platform learning"" manner with no writtent text and only minimal on-screen prompts so that you can recognize how certain things will behavior to quickly figure out how to solve the puzzles. There are some nice ideas used in the puzzle designs, particularly with the play of light and shadows, that could make for a more fulfilling game. There are a number of collectables to find with additional exploration and/or level navigation to give this replay value.  The core game took me about 6 hours to complete, and I felt that's about the right value for the price.What does make this game excel is the relatively simple story. It might be straight forward when you start, but the game uses a number of sublte tricks that lead to a great end-game twist. It is an emotional-driven story and the suprise at the end caught me off guard.  The music and setting all plays perfectly to that tone.I've seen other reviews that complain of performance issues. I didn't encounter any save for two unreproducable crash-to-desktops early on (this was mid-August 2017) and the rest worked smoothly. It is a bit graphically taxing so low-end computers might have problems, but I don't think it suffers the performance issues that appeared to be a problem when this first launched."
,Recommended,493200,34729230,Posted: 4 September,all,damn_vegetables,"Rime, what to say about it. I enjoyed it, despite some small issues I had with it. It had an interesting narrative which had a bittersweet feel to it throughout. Art style is brilliant, and it caused me to constantly hit that F12 button throughout as there were so many wonderful shots. Music fit the feel of the game perfectly, and its impact on mood should not be overlooked. Game is relatively short, but I don't have a problem with this, as it tells the story it needs to in the time it takes up. I'm sure when I return to the game to try to get a 100% completion (with colectible stuff hidden everywhere) it'll add a bit more to the played time, but a standard play through will take less than 10 hours. Just something to consider if you think long play time to be a deciding factor.Really the only issue with it is that sometimes the controls feel a little clumsy, especially in regards to camera movement. Why can't I adjust zoom manually?Overall an enjoyable game, though I'd recommend waiting for a sale. I get all my games on sale though, so eh."
76561198042582734,Recommended,493200,34455242,Posted: 24 August,all,F1NN25,SPOILER ALERTSo this game is totally about the five stages of grief.Obviously each area is one stage. The first beach area is DenialThe second area is Anger because that bird is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and wants to eat youThe third area is barganing because you have to work with the robotsThe fourth area is obviously depressionand the last cutscene is acceptance.I know it's all pretty obvious! But this game is a perfect painting next to majora's mask about the five stages of grief.
76561198087018328,Recommended,493200,32158501,Posted: 3 June,all,glass_sp0rk,I really enjoyed this game.  The artwork and music were beautiful and the ending made me tear up...
,Recommended,493200,34318738,Posted: 17 August,all,Admiral Pancakes,"First thing I will say is the music for this game is worth the 30 dollars alone. No exaggeration.I mainly play FPS's and open world/survival type games, and wanted a break from the norm.This game is simply beautiful. It is a linear game but tells a great story with no dialogue, and there is always beautiful music and visuals every second of gameplay. The puzzles in the game aren't too difficult, but I have found myself stuck in rooms for 15 minutes trying to figure them out - they are very creative and clever. I noticed that some reviews said this game has little storytelling, but if you pay attention to all the details (i mean ALL of the details) while playing this, you'll find out it has a very compelling story of an island that once thrived with life. And this game tells that story very well without saying a word. It's very hard to find games as well made as this these days with how saturated the market is with endless indie games and open alphas. I highly recommend this game."
76561197970653174,Recommended,493200,35453526,Posted: 3 October,all,tran_fors,"This... is a seriously good experience.On the superficial end of things, it has excellent music and level design.  It's not tough, but it doesn't need to be.On the harder-to-implement end of things, such as character development and storytelling, is where it _truly_ shines.Don't go into this expecting ""Teh Bestest Game in All The Univerrrrse!"" - nothing can live up to that.Instead, expect to be wandering around, confused, for the 1st level, and then the game will slowly come together in your mind.Oh, and one tip: Aiming your cursor in the air and holding 'E' will throw whatever you're carrying a little ways - okay, the one puzzle that relied on that just sucked because the game doesn't tutor you on the mechanic."
,Recommended,493200,34891872,Posted: 11 September,all,Accursed,"Game like these are emotional rollercoasters and I crave them, tho I also find hem hard to play at times. I usually compare these types of games to enjoying a good book, a slow burn.If you know these types of games interest you, then I recommend this game. If you're a twitching, FPS monkey on Adderall, then maybe look elsewhere."
,Recommended,493200,35190210,Posted: 24 September,all,Tobe Deleted,"This game is more like art than a game. It's very simple to play, no real challenges and very easy to complete. But even so, I loved it. This game takes you on an adventure and the story that unfolds is just heartbreaking and pure. The story unfolds during the playthrough, and in the end had me in tears. Through sound and visual effects the games takes you on an emotional journey that you will remember for a long time.The game lets you explore a world filled with magnificent views and fitting music. As I said earlier, there is no real challenges and can easily be cleared, even finding all the secrets aren't too hard. But at the same time I don't find it too rewarding. I will definetly play through it again, but I doubt I'll go look for every secret hidden within.The game is a great piece of art, and I suggest anyone who likes a mysterious heartaching story to play this through.TLDR; Loved the visual, sound and story. Gameplay itself is a bit tedious and not very rewarding, but you wanna play this for the highly emotional story."
,Recommended,493200,31992984,Posted: 27 May,all,the tendies who has no name,"I waited 3-4 years for this game when it was first revealed.THIS IS A GAMEPLAY/STORY REVIEW.*I am not going to talk about the specs or optimisation**General review* I love RiME except for one thing.*DO NOT READ IF YOU HAVEN'T FINISHED THIS**contains spoilers on the structure of this game*The gameplay was amazing, it was really creative how they played with the different aspects of puzzle solving, its got a vast location, doesn't feel extremely congested, there are some crossroads and it makes it even more open world tbh.The storytelling was extremely good but the ending? Tbh, I hated the ending, like literally, not gonna lie and it really sucks. Although its got a build-up and piecing together kinda thing, it ended so abruptly (ok not really abruptly but I felt it could've been executed better), it was anti-climatic. Every time I reached a new zone/level in RiME it was actually quite a strong emotion that I'm getting closer and hoping it would be of some sort of grand design. Yea, so comparing to every time I completed a level or puzzle, it was of a stronger impact than that ending.The entire journey was so compelling through its amazing music, effects and ambience. The ending is said as it is for the message they were trying to convey that's how the ending is. They could've had a different ending but its because they wanted that message that's why it ended that way.Sigh. Great build-up but poor ending execution. Would I play this game again? Hell yes. It's got that charm which wants you to play the game over and over again because of its amazing visuals, music and ambience. I would play it just to enjoy those aspects.*If anyone wants a more detailed review I'll be happy to break down the aspects*"
76561198073460817,Recommended,493200,31988562,Posted: 26 May,all,Lon3Wanderer,"I see many people here complaining about performance issues and although they aren't lying, to me it's not enough to rate this as a thumbs down. The art style is unique, the music is incredible, and even though the puzzles aren't very challenging I found this game to be both very atmospheric and relaxing. If you can get past the occasional fps dips then I say go ahead and buy it. You can expect to put around eight hours maybe more into the game (especially if you go for collectibles such as outfits, music, etc). For $30 you can't go wrong in my opinion.As for the performance issues. I haven't seen any fps dips lower than 30 frames and the drops only last for a few moments. Like I said, not enough to deter you from enjoying this game. I'm running an i5 4690k (overclocked) with a 1060 and have been getting 60 fps throughout a majority my playthrough. If you're truly worried about performance issues wait until the developers patch it. And once they do, this game is easily worth the price tag!"
,Recommended,493200,34192307,Posted: 12 August,all,curio,"Wonderful platform puzzler with a beautiful story that's however very subtle for most of the play time and only clears up towards the end, but then it gets some “Brothers - A tale of two sons” vibes. Play time is good (not too long to drag things out too much, not too short so as to cause buyer's remorse), graphics are beautiful, and so is the music. The world has been beautifully and creatively realized throughout its five chapters/settings. Puzzles are easy and timing is only relevant on occasion,  making the experience rather relaxing. Also, the game does entirely without any speech or text and still manages to get its story across nicely. Collectibles in conjunction with a chapter selection becoming available once you've finished the game lend it some replayability. Highly recommended!"
76561198072031137,Recommended,493200,32006714,Posted: 27 May,all,PantheraLeo,"Its good. The graphics are nice, gameplay is solid and it runs reasonably well.10/10 Would suffer emotional whiplash again."
,Recommended,493200,31985154,Posted: 26 May,all,WickySalsa,It's clearly SSAA is bugged and will greatly reduced FPS if enabled.So be sensible and using other form of AA for now.Game is looking gorgoes.Puzzle is nice and not too difficult.Music is greatStory is tell through visual.Higly recommended.
,Recommended,493200,33088857,Posted: 1 July,all,MrOneOneFive,"Where to begin...The easiest way to describe this game would be to compare it to Journey.If you haven't played Journey you are missing out, it's a Playstation exclusive which is a shame, but this game gave me exactly the same feel over the whole game experience.By all acounts this game is an atmospheric game. The story and the music are central to this game. There is not a lot of interaction except for a few puzzles that will keep you occupied.Overall I would grade this as being not as good as Journey, but they are both games i'd easely put at the top of the genre.So this game get's a whopping thumbs up. It's well deserved. THe price tag was a bit high, but it's worth it if you like the genre."
76561198017548020,Recommended,493200,32123387,Posted: 2 June,all,Blahu,"Very good game, recommended despite frame rate drops and it's questionable lenght. This game has a soul and in the end you'll remember playing it.Graphics are ok, not too shiny but it does the job to create a beautiful experience. Music is awesome, very well done.Controls are responsive enough and gameplay is nice, there's no combat and puzzles are quite easy, yet enjoyable.The bad parts, well the game is short but there's a reason for it. You don't have the chance to get bored and levels are very cool.The optimization sucks, with some severe framedrops in different ocasions and overall a low fps count, sometimes below 30 fps (running on an I5@4500 MHz , 8 GB DDR3, GTX980Ti , 3440@1440)"
76561198210400472,Recommended,493200,32140321,Posted: 2 June,all,TornadoChaser723,"such an amazing game, i recently finished the game and the story was amazing and really sad, best of luck to all of u who play this game, enjoy.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!"
76561198026045751,Recommended,493200,32138214,Posted: 2 June,all,Hermanator888,"Fantastic game! Although the story might not be out of this world, the gameplay and the environment is stunning, calming but still challenging at times. I really recommend this game, although I managed to play through it in less than eight hours."
,Recommended,493200,32582527,Posted: 19 June,all,Argoth,"I'm confused about which is the best part of this game. The visual effects, the soundtrack, the story ... everything works together and you can feel the harmony between these elements during the game. Thanks to the development team for this experience."
,Recommended,493200,31988751,Posted: 26 May,all,Noctis Lucis Caelum,"Promising game ,let doen hy bad performance on high end pc s,will change review if devs polish the game..........As of 3/6/2017 IM giving this game a thumbs up as the devs have worked hard and removed that dreadfull Denuvo.Gone from 60ish FPS to well in the 90 s ,Great JOB!!!!!!"
,Recommended,493200,31983370,Posted: 26 May,all,cole roddy,"Terrible optimization, even on a stock Titan X(M) at 1080p paired with an i7 CPU@4.8Ghz the game struggle to mantain 60fps at times, and I'm not using super sampling FYI. I'll wait for some patches and see if it fixes the performance issues. Can't recommend it in the current state.EDIT: After the removal of Denuvo, the performance is great. I can even push the resolution up and it runs great. About the game, I would recomend it to anyone looking for a mix of ICO, Zelda and The Witness. It's a short game, but worth the experience. I'm changing my review to a thumbs up."
,Recommended,493200,34302246,Posted: 17 August,all,DireWolf68,"What a fantastic, melancholy story!  I""m not one to talk about spoilers, though.  The animation is top-notch, the game is intriguing, and the incidental music fits the storyline just right.  I'm planning on playing this again and again, especially since I didn't find all of the toys, the keyholes, and such.This is one of those immersive games where you miss out on so much if you don't explore your environment.  I give it 5 out of 5 stars.  I hope that the people involved in making this game (I feel funny calling it a game) will make much more in the near future.This game is worth EVERY penny!"
76561198027239685,Recommended,493200,34313276,Posted: 17 August,all,arkton,"It's a well made game with relaxing gameplay and puzzles, and quite different ""levels"" with unique atmosphere. Unfortunately the deeper meaning of the story is hard to grasp for me. I read some interpretations which might make sense, but there are too few cues for me. When I finished the game I didn't quite know what to make of it.Still I recommend this game for the unique experience, just don't expect to understand the hidden meaning of everything you do there."
,Recommended,493200,32697233,Posted: 23 June,all,Lars Ohly 1337,"In the description it says its a 'puzzle' game, and adventure game... I wouldnt put it that way, its a walking simulator with puzzle elements and brilliant atmosphere. A solid game with astounding music all the way. Buy it if you have the cash, Its worth it, plus we need to show devs support so they continue creating these kind of experiences. <3"
,Recommended,493200,32698561,Posted: 23 June,all,SpinachIsAwesome,"Rime has it's challenges, but it's overall a pretty easy game. The story has no context at first, but by the time you get to the end it is very effective and you realize why there was no context in the beginning. Despite being easy, it's fun to play through such gorgeous environments. The game is full of surprises, and the plot twist at the end hits you and hits you hard. Overall great experience."
76561198354487609,Recommended,493200,34446957,Posted: 23 August,all,Mortimir,"I walked into this game thinking it would be a fun, casual playing game, pick up and play every now and then. I was wrong. This is a solid game that was well worth what I paid for it. Charming art styling throughout, and a story that keeps you curious until the end. Absolutely would recommend for anyone who enjoys puzzle-solving adventures."
,Recommended,493200,34913573,Posted: 12 September,all,smashouille,"Nice and beautiful game I enjoyed all the way through.PROS :- beautiful art design- slow pace- relaxing to playCONS :- No real purpose in the puzzles- no real puzzles eitherOverall Rime is a enjoyable and relaxing experience.I wish there was more clear goal to the game, instead of just progressing clueless through the levels.Or at least have real puzzles to solve to make the game more interesting.But I still loved the game, and it also all make sense at the end, so I recommend it, maybe wait for a sale :)"
76561198093065658,Recommended,493200,34808427,Posted: 7 September,all,nichurz,"The game is a really fun puzzle/adventuer game, but I do think it is a little pricey for the game length I do recomind the game, but I might wait tell you can grab it at a lower cost."
,Recommended,493200,34339848,Posted: 18 August,all,willbezenah,"RIME provides a wonderful gameplay experience, accompanied by stunning visuals and music that brings you into a deep and meaningful world that stuns players until the very end. The puzzles are fairly simple and repetetive, but I feel that the constant suspense makes up for this deficiency. Many critics say that this is a shallow game, but I found that through careful analysis and the connection of major plot points, RIME makes for a deep and thoughtful game that can be extremely enjoyable."
76561197992059881,Recommended,493200,34346005,Posted: 19 August,all,Matthew,"I enjoyed RiME. The music was perhaps my favorite aspect. I loved how smoothly the score adapted to the situation. The clean graphical style and shadows stand out as well. RiME reminded me most of Journey on PlayStation but with ledge climbing elements borrowed from Tomb Raider.Now for cons: RiME was short. I played through and found half the collectables in about 7 hours. Movement didn't feel quite right. Animations were drawn out and disconnected, and interacting with objects required careful positioning. Journey had much better movement and a more engrossing story.I'd recommend RiME to a friend if it dropped to $20 again. I'll also watch for future games from this Spanish developer. ¡Con gusto!"
,Recommended,493200,34350876,Posted: 19 August,all,IzzaBlen,"This is my first time ever writing a review for a game, its not something I would normally do.But when I completed the game I felt compelled to review it. I know some people gave this game negative reviews mainly because they expected it to be something else.But for me it was one of the most beautiful and emotional games I have played. The soundtrack in the game is incredibly beautiful, I found myself just getting lost in the music at times. And the visuals are just as incredible.The game play itself is not that overly difficult or challenging, but I don't think it that type of game anyway. I think the game is more relaxing and even meditative at times, I truly was in awe of the music and visuals at times.Overall the story is quite profound and also a little sad. Something about the whole game just spoke to me, I honestly think it had some of the most beautiful music I have ever heard in game.I would highly recommend people give this game a chance. And ignore the negative reviews from some people. I think the game when combining the visuals, the beautiful soundtrack and the moving story comes together to form a master piece.Id give this game a solid 8.5 out 10 it was well and truly worth the time and money."
76561198322387633,Recommended,493200,34709276,Posted: 3 September,all,brynwatsonhss,"Loved it! Takes you on an audio, visual and emotional journey. Gret story line with heart. Puzzels werent super technical  but  enough to keep you busy other aspects of the game created a great package. Well done :)  Thankyou for a great experience."
,Recommended,493200,34710460,Posted: 3 September,all,Moath,"This is ART.Everything about this game is amazing!It's visually pleasing, an amazing music, and most importantly the story is ... I can't describe it.I'm sad that this gem is hidden."
76561198216151960,Recommended,493200,34872444,Posted: 10 September,all,FoxTrot,this game was a ♥♥♥♥ing trip and a  half. loved the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it.
76561198061108911,Recommended,493200,34894674,Posted: 11 September,all,dataseer21,I recomend this game.  It is a fun puzzle game and the ending is really moving.
,Recommended,493200,34336775,Posted: 18 August,all,spiff,"I give it an 9/10What an awesome puzzle/platformer/adventure game.No bugs, beautifull graphics, very good music.I did all puzzles without peaking at guides, so this game is not myst difficulty.Insanely nice story, but I warn you, I cried at the end.There are achievements ingame, things to discover and to collect.I would say this makes it playable more than once.Please try it."
76561198053912396,Recommended,493200,33168377,Posted: 2 July,all,wanderingnnja,Beautiful and fascinating world to explore though rather linear. If you've suffered a loss in your life that weighs on you this could be great or not great.
,Recommended,493200,33454700,Posted: 11 July,all,Max2Light,"RiME is one of my most anticipated Indie project as soon as it was announced that it was no more a PS Exclusive , and it was available for all Platforms.Current PC scenario, pre-ordering a product is absolutely the most riskiest decision to make. I still did it,Day 1 - So many bugs, Screen Tearing all over the place inspite of keeping V-sync, on and Double buffering on in the settings.Patch 1.01; Still lots of issues were faced, lot of people started asking for Refunds, especially some users wrong mouthed the developer in the Steam forum {Darius].Patch 1.02; A little better but not the best, at least the Framerates were a bit stablePatch 1.03; Denuvo was cracked , and so Denuvo was removed with this patch, the game performed a lot better inspite of RiME developer Darius stating that Denuvo didn't hamper performance.Final Patch {My Guess} 1.04 ; The game now runs beautifully and some settings like Bloom and Depth of Field are off Defualt, so far its runs smoothly.Despite all these issues and Intial negativity, let us all as Gamers get this clear, regarding these issues, RiME,,,,RiME is a Beautiful Masterpiece !!! Nothing else to say....... Throughout the game the soundtrack was the highlight, how beautiful it is too listen, the ambience it creates, the atmosphere that is produced, is impecable !Into;Stage 1 (Denial) ; The breathtaking view we all see in the beginning of the Story, is absolutely Beautiful , stunning and Interesting to explore !! Gameplay asthetics are very cute like throwing the fruit at the Pigs so they leave a way for you to shout at the statues, Foxy companion is so cute !! Love it !!But the issue i had, Puzzles were very  Easy ....too Easy...maybe they were targeting even  younger generation Kids to play.Stage 2 (Anger) ; This stage is interesting for Puzzles and the Big Bird boss battle , the atmosphere here is searing scorching hot dessert like atmosphere, the story drags you into a rutheless scenario.Here we were having lot of framedrops in this level, but its fixed now !Stage 3 (Bargaining) ; The atmosphere completley changes as soon as this stage begins as you end up in a foresty area, feels like we are inlands of the island !The main problem i had with this stage was the Achievement 'Hold your Breath' where we restrict ourself when swimming to 1 bubble of air as we go underwater and pop up on the other side ! so many retries, it was crazy...But i achieved it !!!{BTW; All my Indie games has a 100% completion rate in terms of Achievements]Stage 4 (Depression) ; This is by far the Stage when Sadness hits us as everyone we know and our Knowledge of ourselves, starts to vanish, the Wet Rainy atmosphere, the melancholy soundtrack, and the depressing boys emotions starts to hit you before the final stage.....Stage 5 ( Acceptance) ; This is the ending , shocking Revelation !!!! This makes you realize the way we viewed the story was actually from a totally different scenario, a Different Perspective as the Realistion hits us on what happened actually ......Its so emotional, there are two endings , the alternative ending is the best one and you can achieve it by getting the White shade achievement ( Sweet Memory). Now is when most people start crying !!!At the end of this game, you can now unlock each stage individually !This is when to all the people who had asked a refund made a BIG Mistake !!!!!Thank you Tequilla Works, Greybox for publishing this game and Unreal 4 Engine for bringing this game to light !!!!Thank you Darius and Rubio for this Masterpiece !!! Never regretted Pre-ordering this game !"
,Recommended,493200,33442561,Posted: 10 July,all,satsun,"RiME is a simple puzzle game with a backstory that you won't understand until the end of the game. There aren't many hazards in RiME, you may incidentally fall off a clip but other than that, there are a couple areas that have 'bad guys' which are barely a nuisance as long as you keep your distance. Due to the game's linearity, the puzzles are fairly straight-forward; there are hidden collectibles, but you'll have the opportunity to replay the levels after finishing the game.I completed the game in around 6.5 hours, the graphics, sound, and performance were good and I enjoyed playing something relaxing. I played through and did a little searching for collectibles but didn't get them all, there is replayability in going back and finding the collectibles.I recommend this if you're looking for an easy-going game."
76561197997197174,Recommended,493200,32123268,Posted: 2 June,all,Hebdomad,Just buy it and play it.The best single player game I've played in a long  time.Right in the feels.damn you game.
76561198019424810,Recommended,493200,33392526,Posted: 8 July,all,Doubleclick,"About five hours, and a lovely five hours too.If you want a seriously challenging puzzle game then this is not it. However, it's a lot more involving than other recent pretty games. Taking an example: Abzu, great though it is, has only a very superficial kind of interactivity - ""press two of these buttons to open this door"". Rime does much more than that, using Assassin's Creed-like climbing, your magical shout, and various ""Use""-able environmental elements to properly engage you with its gameplay. It'll make you think a bit, but it's not taxing at all. I don't think it would benefit from difficult puzzles anyway. There's a story here and it needs a certain flow. If it had become frustrating or really bogged you down in problems, it would have lost a lot of what makes it worth your time."
76561198045310710,Recommended,493200,34328363,Posted: 18 August,all,J.Y.Goddess,"Great. Although it lacks contents, sound tracks and scenaries are so impressive. Worth 40bucks. Quite attractive game."
,Recommended,493200,32006077,Posted: 27 May,all,Vik_king1,To start of Rime has stunning visual and great story line that will keep you playing until the end.The game had only one glitch at a cut scene but after a reload everything was great.Here is a little gameplay of the gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DKH5K0Zk4Q&list=PLPhZNmHV_ZEjL_39t69pYQclLsuI8dfnG
,Recommended,493200,32114612,Posted: 1 June,all,jldubz,"Another game to go on the shelf as one of the most beautifully crafted games.The puzzles and enviornments were briliantly constructed, and I felt like I was walking through an M.C. Escher painting brought to life.And the story... Damn you for breaking my heart in the most beautiful way possible.Play this game. Do it."
,Recommended,493200,32115542,Posted: 1 June,all,will-am-I,"Great story! I don't want to spoil anything but this game nearly made me cry.Gameplay was fantastic! The controls got a little wonky on me, and sometimes the game glitched to the point where I had to reload the last checkpoint in order to continue.I would highly recommend this for any and all people."
,Recommended,493200,33108305,Posted: 1 July,all,Miserakle,It starts like a fairy tale and ends like a parable. Amazing visual style and one fox are included.
76561198059589149,Recommended,493200,33106511,Posted: 1 July,all,william.james.ve,"WE NEED MORE GAMES LIKE RiME!I just finished the game, and I gotta say, this is a masterpiece in every sense of the word. RiME manage to hit the right notes in music, aesthetics, narrative and gameplay in order to compose a beautiful melody of a game. From the moment I started playing, the hypnotizing atmosphere, relaxing and melancholic music and flawless and fluid animation of the child protagonist, kept me glue to the screen until completion, this was amplified as I start to encounter murals, hints and key hole paintings, that slowly revealed the tragic story behind this apparently light-hearted game.As most gamers out there I'm used to the usual interaction mechanics: drive the car and win the race, fly the plane/ship and shoot the bad guys or kill everything in sight with your sword/gun... it was a pleasant surprise to see that most of the ""combat"" and puzzle interaction in RiME was render entirely through sounds and vocal cues made by our main hero. I've never felt more connected with a video game character as I felt with this little kid. The sense of wonder and loneliness I felt as I call out for anyone in the deserted beach at the beginning of the game, or the oppressive feeling of despair that I felt crying every time I clicked towards the end, were feelings that I rarely get in a video game.RiME is a piece of art, an introspective journey across innocence and fantasy. An intense yet relaxed experience that will take you through very adult feelings like sense of lost, acceptance and hope, through the skin of a child. This is an experience that I wish to share with all my love ones, the same as a movie or a good book.In a sea of carbon copies of the same Action/Adventures, RPGs, FPS, RTS and all that we've been cater as regular video games, RiME breaks the rule and go directly for the art behind the game, giving us an entirely new experience of joy, sadness, bonding, wonder and adventure, all wrapped up in a beautiful and unforgettable package!Rating:11/10Conclusion:WE NEED MORE GAMES LIKE RiME ON PC! Buy, enjoy and support this game.I hope that the Spanish developers (TequilaWorks) that brought us this marvel, keep experimenting with this type of narrative, gameplay and graphical style in the near future. My very well earn respect to their team, and everyone involved in the project!"
76561198021658679,Recommended,493200,32006663,Posted: 27 May,all,Noob Van Noob,"fantastic game with gorgeous artstyle, incredible music, and an atmosphere that just sucks you in"
76561198012020367,Recommended,493200,34316963,Posted: 17 August,all,CYKA✪POWER,"Just finished this amazing game...worth it, especially on sale! Not suitable to play on potato, saw many negative reviews due to performance issues. If you got a decent setup it's pure eye candy and runs smoothly. Gameplay is easy and fluent.GET IT! GET IT! GET IT!"
,Recommended,493200,32067729,Posted: 30 May,all,Haziq,"Discover this game from DeviantArt ""7 Days of RiME"" line art event.the Art is quite charming, the music was beautiful and the story is cute.but.,there's a slightly performance issue especially when diving, otherwise it was great.(i might re-play it again on consoles)[buy it if your PC met recommended system requirements,otherwise., you will experience massive lag on a zone that have too much particles]|this game reminds me of 'The Last Guardian' and 'Ori and the Blind Forest'"
,Recommended,493200,31994549,Posted: 27 May,all,Etherlight,"I'm running this on 209x with everything high except medium shadows, framerate steady with 50FPS with no hiccups, unlike many other reviewers commented.The art design is beautiful, music is beautiful, story is beautiful.Puzzle is delightfully designed and not frustrating. Reminds me of monument valley I recently played on my phone. (which BTW you should definitely check out)"
,Recommended,493200,32000877,Posted: 27 May,all,z32o,"It's difficult to not compare this to other games like ICO or The Last Guardian, but let me tell you: it's much more than that.This game tells the story of a little boy as the protagonist. He is shipwrecked on a beach, on an unknown place to him, and you'll see that you're not alone in there! Do yourself a favor and don't spoil the story!The visuals of the game are absolutely amazing and there's a fine care about everything presented at you, be it the little crabs on the beach or the main character's expressions, and the colors from start to finish help set the pace and mood for the game! Everything is so well done that it's easy to immerse yourself in this world!It's an exploration and puzzle game, all of them simple enough but cleverly constructed. The focus of this game is not on the gameplay: it's about the journey. If the puzzles seem hard enough for you, you may be overlooking something simple! I got stuck on two or three puzzles and I just had to reassess the situation.My favorite thing about this game is the soundtrack. The music is masterfully executed and for moments I just stood there, listening to it with eyes closed, feeling the passion that has been put into this beautiful piece.As for replayability, it's only if you're a collector.Overall an amazing experience!Played this on stream. VOD:https://www.twitch.tv/videos/147511360"
76561198258631241,Recommended,493200,32174609,Posted: 4 June,all,Dante,"I'm loving this so much, I've been playing it till 4 in the morning and it's been an absolutely amazing treat to me, and worth every penny. What do I love most? The characterization of the protagonist and the the artistic experience that is RiME. Whatever you do, do not run through this game attempting to solve the puzzles because you're focusing on the game - the way this world is constructed is just absolute magic, from the way the fox glyphs light up with you as you run around the stairs, to the way the stars shimmer in the sky, or the little particles in the water. The artist behind this game has a truly rare gift for picking up little organic details of the world and emphasizing them to make a cartoon world feel so very rich and alive (they're also very creative). Sadly, to keep the magic and play with your own emotions, the character tends to run when I often wish he'd just walk. Speaking of the protagonist, that's the other thing I loved. The character doesn't just have a set of animations, they react to their environment in a way that's not often seen. They'll express a rich range of emotions throughout the game based on the situation (those times when I sent my poor character blindly running into a wall he couldn't see XD). And it's not that these were necessary for gameplay reasons, but, they're just THERE. They're details that are there purely to make the character a little bit more real, more likeable and the experience, far more rich and rewarding. And that's the thing that shines about RiME, it's an experience and for me, it focused nicely on quality over quantity. I might not get 40 hours of original game-play out of it, or a full-on fantasy novel, but I will probably have actual memories from it when I'm done, and really neat ones at that. Thank you for this!"
,Recommended,493200,32271503,Posted: 8 June,all,Charlie02 [ONWA],"Great game. Simple, clean yet satisfying game mechanics. Just enough collectables. Beautiful scenery and music combined in a truely memorable game and story."
76561198033780286,Recommended,493200,32274562,Posted: 8 June,all,Elfisch,Beatiful. I had tears in my eyes at the end of the game and I watched full credits to honor all the people who made this game and also to honor all the people I love and they are not here anymore.Thanks for creating such game!
,Recommended,493200,31993124,Posted: 27 May,all,SavageShiranui,As others have mentioned there is some frame rate drops and stuttering which can be annoying at times.  That however is not that big of a problem when taking the game as a whole.  Definitely not enough to warrent a thumbs down.  The visuals are gorgeous and the music is incredibly soothing.  The puzzles are just right to me in that they are hard enough to make you think but I also don't feel like I sit there stuck forever on one puzzle. If you are looking for a calm artisic puzzle platformer I would recommend RiMe.
,Not Recommended,493200,32131775,Posted: 2 June,all,HCE,"RiME is a puzzle adventure game with a story about loss and regret. There's no dialogue. It's a decent game but in my opinion not worth the price. Note that these puzzles are on the easier side of the genre... There is very little direction given to the user, but not much that really leaves them scratching their head for a solution.PROS- Visually pleasing with high contrast colors and imaginative worlds- Interesting non-playable characters- Easy puzzles leads to casual gameplay- Camera gives a cinematic feel- Some nice character animations not seen in most games (falling from a great height, running downhill, etc)CONS- Character runs slowly, which drags the game out.- Controls are clunky. Often have to stop moving and reorient position to interact with objects- The parkour is clunky as well. Some blocks you can climb, others you can't. They try to indicate some of them with markings on a ledge but it's sometimes arbitrary what you can climb and what you can't- The roaming cinematic camera forces user to change their direction. Users may have to unpress a key and then press it again to reorient the character to that direction.It was a good, easy, casual game but I found myself fighting against the controls (e.g. forcing myself to run, intentionally come to a complete stop in front of an object, then spend two seconds to reorient the character so he can interact with the object)."
76561198045193112,Recommended,493200,34311220,Posted: 17 August,all,ZePrincess,"I can't recommend this game because it's way over priced. But, if you do buy it... the puzzles are fun and the music is amazing. Even if the story is weird and blury, it's a really great one."
,Recommended,493200,33507330,Posted: 13 July,all,velt,"Super good Jame. the puzzles in this game are the kind of puzzles you would want in a strategy gameBut my god, This game gets Super sad extremely fast."
,Recommended,493200,32128182,Posted: 2 June,all,Marghereti,"There are smart people and then there's smart people who make video games, this game is beautiful, well thought out mysterious and just purely sould cleansing. I haven't played something this good and this engaing in a very long time. 100% reccomend this game."
,Recommended,493200,33587523,Posted: 16 July,all,TheCell.ch λ³,I enjoyed the game quite a bit. Don't buy it for the puzzles cause they are not really hard to solve. I loved the atmosphere and the looks. The game is mostly exploring a world. Took a ton of screenshots if you are interested.
76561198084182639,Recommended,493200,33667215,Posted: 20 July,all,Johnnyc97,I Absolutely Love this game. There is no dialogue in the game but it works well with the mechanics and exploration. You exploring the island with your fox buddy is the way to progress through the story. I have a little RiME fox plush myself and it is the most adorable little thing. I recommend this game because it pulls you into the screen making you feel as if you are the little boy figuring out where and why you are there on the island.
,Recommended,493200,33710839,Posted: 21 July,all,Ben,"ABZU and RiME are two games I've played recently that feel very similar: really nice/simple/beautiful aesthetic, wondrous exploration, and story telling without a single printed or spoken word. and I love them both! I wish there were more games like these!since the games seem so comparable in my mind, I may as well compare them more: RiME is a little more platform-y and puzzle-y than ABZU, but never anything that requires any crazy reflexes. both have lots of hidden goodies to find, and they're hard! when you find one, you feel good and smart. RiME is a longer game. I do not believe that more length == more value, but having said that, RiME is not longer because it's padding the gameplay with mindless tasks; I feel like the game is constantly throwing new mechanics, or settings, or... ""characters""? at me. which is great! I keep thinking ""surely this is the end,"" but it's not, and there's yet more cool stuff I've never seen before!the only bad thing I'll say about RiME is that it has a couple things that make me go ""did they have to rush this part?"" the menu has some weird issues (every time you go into the controller settings, it reverts to keyboard, even if you've previously selected gamepad), and the swimming controls are a little janky? they're fine, it just feels less polished than the swim mechanics of most 3rd-person action games, and it's weird to see that when the rest of the game is blowing my mind on so many other fronts. maybe they just decided their time was better spent on the game itself. or maybe the keyboard+mouse swimming is PERFECT - I haven't tried it. who knows!again, it's a super-minor point. this game is beautiful; it's amazing. the world feels like something out of a Miyazaki movie. I recommend it 100%. play RiME. play ABZU."
76561197990183992,Recommended,493200,31992607,Posted: 27 May,all,Sacriliege!,"Aside from the FPS drops I have to say one of the very few games that i enjoy this year. Deep story telling through out your experience. Cut scenes were done using the actually gameplay which is a huge plus. Music was also very touching. Graphics are top A+.  Aside from the collectiables the main story is a bit short only do to my lack or desire to collect the hidden items across the map. Still I would recommend purchasing this game for the story. worth every penny, Love to support this style of art in gaming."
,Recommended,493200,32001691,Posted: 27 May,all,Dwittyy,"Brief: RiME is a beautiful, relaxing adventure game with a gripping story and a great flow. It's definitely worth playing if you've got the time.There seems to be a lot of complaints about performance, so I'll start there. I didn't have too many issues running the game on Medium settings, and I don't have a particularly amazing computer. I didn't have many other things running while playing it, and I'm not technically advanced enough to pinpoint the specific issue. If you're able to run most games fine, you should be good to play RiME.I also want to address the genre for this game. It's been categorised and advertised as a Puzzle Adventure game. While there are some 'puzzles', I don't feel that the amount or complexity of them warrants RiME being a Puzzle game. Consider it like this: If you're looking to solve puzzles, RiME isn't the game for you. If you're looking to go on an adventure, and maybe solve a few basic puzzles along the way, then its perfect!I only encountered a few gameplay issues throughout, and none of them were significant enough to push me away. The 'Cannonball' achievement didn't seem to work for me, no matter how high I began the jump from. There was a puzzle in the desert area, where you had to shout to rotate a 'sun and moon' to create shadows. I tried almost every possible solution I could and the most logical one only worked 20% of the time (and then caught up with itself and solved itself in a buggy way). I also found I would sometimes clip into the wall when traversing certain cliff-edges.While I was disappointed that this wasn't exactly a puzzle game, I still very much enjoyed the story and sense of adventure this game gave me. I spent most of today (6 hours) finishing the game and going back to get the achievements. I very much enjoyed it despite it not being what I'd hoped it would be.Overall, I would recommend this game for any gamer who enjoys an adventure with a few puzzle and parkour elements throughout, but I advise you not to expect too many puzzles."
76561198042851499,Recommended,493200,32006223,Posted: 27 May,all,Dragonsheepling,"Its a beautiful game, alot of thought on how to use the Terrain, Buildings and Textureing got into it.Allthough it doesn't always run that good on old and/or overall bad PC's, i'd still recomend playing. The Story is, well to simply not spoiler it, very unique and only told in Pictures and Tones. There is no Text (Except in the Options ... and Menu) and no real voice (allthough there are Tones ... and Noise).(Note: I've played this time on a Borderline Minimum Requirement PC)If i have to rate it, i would / will give it: 10/10 Recomend and Replay anytime."
76561198047581279,Recommended,493200,31989012,Posted: 26 May,all,BlakDraygen,"So firstly; to those complaining about Denuvo and how it lowers the game's performance or whatever, yeah sure it screws the framerate and makes it stuttery at times, this isn't great and I'd love for it to get fixed just as much as anyone else, but is that any reason to give a genuinely great game a bad review? Complain to developers, sure, but treat the game with respect at least. Don't throw your Denuvo anger at the game.RiME had me intrigued and guessing the whole way through until right at the end when it suddenly made everything make sense and boy did it reduce me to a sobbing mess in the process (in a very good way); the puzzles were beautifully unfrustrating in that they required enough thought to be fun, but were simple enough to never infuriate me, the world was beautiful, the story was heartwrenchingly wonderful, the message it carried was driven right home, the music and sound design were incredible. The game itself gets a solid 9/10 from me, the only issues being occasional problems with getting the kid to jump or stop when told (but I've played AAAs with this issue, at least this is an indie developer, there's bound to be some issues), a couple minor bugs not worth really mentioning because they were actually pretty funny (not to mention harmless in terms of gameplay) and of course the iffy framerates; but hey I played games on 20-30fps at BEST for years before I finally got an upgrade, so frankly I wasn't so bothered. Take out these problems, I'd easily raise that to a 10, because I can find no flaws otherwise, it's a pretty much perfect example of its genre.Long story short: yes, Denuvo makes this game not as great as it could be, in terms of performance, but the game itself is FABULOUS and I'd recommend it to anyone who enjoys emotional, atmospheric games!"
,Recommended,493200,32006074,Posted: 27 May,all,Jesterbus,Very interesting game. Love the music and the art style. Yes its a bit stuttery at some points of the game but the with the fact that the game just got released I can understand. Very enjoyable game.
,Recommended,493200,32006042,Posted: 27 May,all,Calibrono,"Good game,♥♥♥♥♥♥performance, wait for a patch and / or sale."
,Recommended,493200,31982233,Posted: 26 May,all,Sufferschaft,"First off, I waited 5 months for this and it finally came out. I was so damn excited but when I started the game my excitement turned into mild disapointment. I see how much work was put into this (I'm a game developer myself so I know what I'm talking about). The art style is absolutely gorgeous and the same goes for the music.But what the hell happened when optimizing this game???I saw a video over at IGN where a developer himself said they had a lot of work to do with optimizing the game. That was about a month ago. So one whole month was spent on polishing the performance and what was the result?I know that my PC isn't the very best but no matter how hard I overclock my GPU I can't get the game to run at a solid framerate and I'm far away from 30FPS.I saw other people had the same problem even with high end cards. I mean, how is this possible? The game was made in Unreal Engine 4 which, by itself is very precisely optimised already and turning down the resolution and overclocking the GPU still does'nt help at all.My suggestion for Tequila Woks would be to patch the horrible performance as quick as possible. Otherwise this awesome game will be ruined by a choppy framerate. Imo this would be really sad.My suggestion to the players would be to wait for a patch and get the game afterwards. The risk of the game lagging on any computer right now is just too high.Nothing more to say here.Please Tequila Works, patch this as fast as possible. I want to enjoy this game so badly!UPDATE: So despite the bad performance the game plays quite well after the first two areas. I gotta say that I didn't expect that much from the story at first but in my opinion it is at least as good as the story of The Last Guardian and so is the ending. The ending is so damn emotional that it left me sitting there and crying for several minutes.So in conclusion this is definitely the best game I've played in.. well ever and I can forgive the developers for the horrible performance issues.What's also so ingenious about the ending is that once you end up in the menu again and click on the choose level button you just then realise what this game is all about (This gave me another minute of astonishment). It's a true masterpiece!This game is absolutely beautiful and 30$ is totally worth it!-Orbiz"
,Recommended,493200,32005702,Posted: 27 May,all,Mercall,"This game is incredible, I loved every seccond of it.I had to fiddle with the settings at the start to get it running well and hit a few bugs at the very start but after that it was smooth as the graphics.The story is AMAZINGI recommend, BUT, I completed in 5 hours and that included wandering around off the beatten track."
76561198029971723,Recommended,493200,31985912,Posted: 26 May,all,AlyssaMint,"I first started playing this game when it became available on steam, and now, 7 hours later, I have completed it. I cannot echo what others have said regarding optimization, as I experienced no issues. However, I can offer my perspective of the gaming having finished it in it's entirety.First. The game is beautiful. The soundtrack is beautiful, the art is beautiful, the environments and storytelling elements are extremely well done, especially for a game without dialogue. I even found myself falling in love with the nameless NPC allies you meet about midway through the game.The puzzles, while not mind-bending like some puzzles in Limbo or The Witness, among other games, were satisfying, and I found myself stumped in one or two spots. There are plenty of types of collectibles for completionists, and many of them provide insight into the overall lore of the game. Overall, the game was satisfying to complete.Then came the last 10 minutes of the game.Throughout the game there are several questions posed to you, the player. Mysteries that the game, and developers themselves ask you to solve. As I progressed through the game, I began to piece together these answers, but I fit the final pieces in too late to prepare myself for what was to come. The end of this game is an intense, emotional, viscerally heartbreaking experience for which nothing in my entire life could have prepared me. When the credits rolled, I had to get up and take a walk so that I could be composed enough to write this review.This game is art. It is an experience. It is the embodiment of the love that the developers have for their families and friends. As difficult as the end might be, I think this is an experience that would benefit everyone."
,Recommended,493200,31982690,Posted: 26 May,all,Faedy,One of the most beautiful and moving games I've ever played. Beautiful and intriguing. The music is breathtaking and speaks louder than words ever could. I honestly don't know how to accurately describe how much of a masterpiece this game is.
76561198033470545,Recommended,493200,32003294,Posted: 27 May,all,C. Viper,Massive exploration and smart puzzles.
76561197977630389,Recommended,493200,32003527,Posted: 27 May,all,Phobos,Loved every second of it.
,Recommended,493200,31985487,Posted: 26 May,all,Mongo,"Ok so I have never felt the need to review a game on steam, but I would like to share my thoughts on RiME.I have followed the development of RiME for a long while and was excited to see it release. I will say now that to me, this game was worth every penny. I have played a great deal of games and many such as this i.e. ICO, Abzu, Journey etc. and I must say that this ranks well among them.Pros:Well paced game throughout, anyone could pick it up and play but it is challenging enough to keep it interesting.Beatiful game that really captures your attention.A compelling and symbolic story. After having just finished it I can say that, although I had my theories I was blindsided by the end... and what an ending it was!An amazing soundtrack that you will lose yourself to, this ties in with the pacing of the gameplay in so much as it all immerses you further into the game.Cons:As is often the case the game was average in length. Me having finished it i just under 7 hours. However, the game boasts an admirable amount of collectibles and such to bring some replayability into it which is nice.Some frame drops although I streamed the entire playthrough to Twitch.TV without incident.All in all, I wish it were longer but I am thoroughly impressed with this game. It didn't give away too much too quickly but was a thoughtful adventure from begining to end and left me sitting in awe as the credits rolled. I would highly recommend it to people seeking a thought-provoking and artistic platformer that will hit you right in the feels."
,Recommended,493200,32003556,Posted: 27 May,all,unajunga,"Been waiting for this game since the beginning of april! So happy with how it turned out, the puzzles are very creative and the scenery is SO cool. I had to run the game on medium texture quality and low shading to make it run smoothely, but that didn't really take away from the experience. Would recommend to anyone who loves satisfying linear gameplay with a TON of collectables (most of which are v. difficult to find)."
,Recommended,493200,32006599,Posted: 27 May,all,Zex,"I thought that The Journey is most beautiful and touching game. Well, I was wrong,"
76561198135354601,Recommended,493200,32113559,Posted: 1 June,all,JackDaniels,"Rime is a magnificent game, well-crafted and emotionally charged that leaves the player moved."
,Recommended,493200,34283265,Posted: 16 August,all,Eirik,"Its short but sweet. Its ""dungeons"" reminded me of Zelda. I think that if you like Zelda dungeons then you might like this game too. I loved it anyway."
76561197981494251,Recommended,493200,34277549,Posted: 16 August,all,unreal,"Had seen this advertised heavilly on Facebook, and although I actively avoid products that are shoved in my face non-stop, I decided to repent in this case as the game looked stunning, and I dig a good puzzle game.£20 (on sale) is about right for this title. I finished it in around 5 hours, although I'll admit I didn't hunt every corner for every secret, I ended with about half.My first impressions of the game itself were rather breathtaking. I love this style of graphics design, and the music really shone out as exceptional. I don't normally give too much attention to music in games, as frequently its mainly an annoyance. However much like Little Inferno, the music in RiME drastically added to the game, and it really one of its greatest features. The music brought out emotions (to the point of, I was worried I was going to cry!) that completely immerse you in what is going on.The gameplay itself was fun, although not ground breaking, I enjoyed it for the mostpart. Some of the puzzles get quite repetitive in areas although it was not overly noticable whilst playing through, more an afterthought after completing the game. The sidequest of collecting toys, looking through keyholes etc seemed pointless whilst playing. It wasn't until I finished that I regretted not getting all of them.The real selling point of this game is the story (which is heavilly complimented by the musical score).As someone who does not generally play single players, and extremely rarely cares about story, I feel RiME shines brightly.It doesn't really start coming together until towards the end of the game, which is where you can begin to put all the pieces together, and as there is no dialog in the game, that in itself is difficult to do until you have actually finished. However this adds a wonderful mysticism about the game.The fox annoyed me most of way through, and I suspect I'm not the only person who told it to 'shut up' on multiple occasions as it was barking at me while I was trying to find another toy. However by the end of the story which I will not ruin, I found it to be such a compelling character, I almost felt more attached to it than the protagonist.The mechs are a good example of something which shouldn't have worked, which did spectactularly (if that makes sense?).The first mech to come to life in the game, confused me to no end, it didn't make sense in the world I was in (and to be frank... still doesn't?). However it did not take long at all for me to be emotionally attached to the mech I had just saved, and the following level(s) with their company gaved me a lot of satisfaction, and heart-break.There are negatives about the game however:-It is very poorly optimised for PC - I had a lot of frame drops (1080gtx)-Camera control is sluggish, and in areas, completely frustrating-Jumping can be just as frustrating (mainly wall-wall jumps)-I have some continutity issues with the story telling - The 'character' in the red cloak just stops appearing about half way through with no reasoning (unless I missed it)-The angry bird - There didn't seem to be an explanation of what it was/represented at the end, which I was acutely dissapointed about (again, unless I somehow missed it)In summary, I would pay £20 for this again, however would be reluctant to suggest it to a friend for more.I had a lot of fun playing, and will play it again."
76561198108170507,Recommended,493200,32045384,Posted: 29 May,all,Big Daddy,"I highly recommend this game. The graphics are beautiful and the storyline is very touching and deep. If you enjoy puzzles games, but you dont want to be stuck on a certain puzzle for hours, this game is for you. While it is a very short experience, it is very enjoyable and you can play how you would like, rather than being told what to do."
,Recommended,493200,32045640,Posted: 29 May,all,D'sNuts,"Rime...I started this game wondering what it will be like and it absolutley blew my mind. The art style, the graphics, the story  made me cry more than once. One highlight that really captured the experience was the story and the music combined. The mixture takes you into the world and puts you right along side the boy on his adventure. Friendship, wonder, and compainionship takes the adventure to heart.100% recomend this game to everyone.Loved it to death and back."
,Recommended,493200,31987935,Posted: 26 May,all,AnOceanHeart,I need to go back through and find all the collectables but very good overall. Think TeamIco meets Journey/ABZU - though the story ends up being a bit more concrete. Did have some optimization problems on my machine and some sound flickered in an out but didn't detract too much from the overal experience. Highly recommend for anyone who's a TeamIco/Journey fan.
76561198156282999,Recommended,493200,31988014,Posted: 26 May,all,ChazzDoomington,"The game absolutely has optimisation issues. I'm running a decently high end rig with most of the settings scaled back way below where I'd usually have them set. Even then the frame rate chugs in certain areas. However, at no point have I felt that this impacted the game play in any significant way. If this were an action-centric game where consistency in frame rate has a direct effect on button inputs then I would absolutely feel differently. However with an atmosphere rich, puzzle platformer where split second reflexes and reactions are replaced by observation and problem solving it quickly became a very minor issue that I mostly barely even noticed.Besides that, I love the game. The atmosphere, the ambiance, the art style and music all do exactly what is required of them. I could maybe do without my little fox friend being quite so insistent on what needs to be done quite so often but beyond that I can't think of any real negatives. I would highly recommend this to anyone without hesitation"
,Recommended,493200,31988147,Posted: 26 May,all,twackycats,Great game. Absolutely beautiful story and scenery.I'm not sure why so many people are saying it is unoptimized. I had no issues with i7-4770k and GTX 1080. Smooth framerate at high settings with only one occurence of stuttering.
76561198175116906,Recommended,493200,31985398,Posted: 26 May,all,SummerPhoenix,honestly i finished the game in a few hours and i would've like to explore the island more. I suggest an open world option to just explore but that is just me and yeah i know it just released today but just a suggestion for the future
76561198068908343,Recommended,493200,32359331,Posted: 11 June,all,AnKun,"Everything's been said already, I'll just +1 thumb up"
76561198043790654,Recommended,493200,32430132,Posted: 15 June,all,mixppl87,Super nice game. one of the best game of the year. Highly recommendedthis game has a feeling like you're playing or walk around in Ghibli world..the OST feel so good...pretty similar with Abzu if you have play the game before. not sure are they from a same developer or not..but the game style pretty similar though.Simple graphic yet beatiful...
,Recommended,493200,31984669,Posted: 26 May,all,Mark Mavel,"This game is beautiful, I think I am probably 30% of the way through it. I just entered the desert part of the game previewed in the trailer. The score really makes this game wonderful and in each area as you unlock a puzzle the score become enriched with your experience and grows deeper. This is a deeply woven tapestry of art and storytelling that I thought was lost in the gaming industry. I wish I could play a version of this game on my oculus with full VR support with a camera system like the one used in chronos. Thanks for this journey, It is joyful to play."
,Recommended,493200,32150930,Posted: 3 June,all,masterlito,"Was skeptical at first due to user reviews, however I had to try it out for myself. Have been playing for days now and have NOT had any performance issues what so ever. This game is great. Runs very smooth even on high settings. IF YOUR COMPUTER SUCKS DONT BLAME IT ON THE GAME. it may be time for you to upgrade your system. I'm running a Ryzen 7 processor and a mediocre Nvidia 950. Most people focus on the gaming card and forget about upgrading the processor. This is an all around great game so please stop crying because your computer sucks."
76561197989593954,Recommended,493200,32160877,Posted: 3 June,all,ilumen,"Of you liked Ico, Shadow of the Colossus, or Journey, this one's for you."
76561197996529205,Recommended,493200,32201801,Posted: 5 June,all,Max Durak,"Beautiful graphics, gorgeous music.On the other hand, puzzles could be more challenging, cluncky controls sometimes.Story is kind of a downer, messy and confusing, unless you look into level selection screen it could be hard to understand what developers tried to tell here.Still i recommend it especially if you like collecting things and achievements, very relaxing."
,Recommended,493200,32166188,Posted: 3 June,all,Sire,"Rime is simply, a brief but beautiful game.You play as a boy shipwrecked after a terrible storm ruins you journey home. You're left on a beautiful island to explore it's wonders and mysteries. The game is beautiful, using bright colors and simple textures to paint a magnificent world and a soundtrack that matches the Pixar esque beauty of the visuals. It's an absolute joy to explore and play in. The story is completely without dialogue but towards the end it'll pull heavily at your heartstrings.Rime lacks any combat, but rather has you puzzle your way through everything. None of the puzzles in the game will leave you stuck so the pacing never dies, everything is pretty straight forward but if you want to find all of the optional collectibles, you'll have to venture off the beaten path.I spent a good amount of time searching for stuff but I missed a ton, but even with all of my searching I still beat the game in under 6 hours. Yes, going back to collect everything will yield more hours but I'm going to get most of my playtime from other playthroughs, the game is short enough to beat in a single sitting and would be an absolute joy to do so. I look forward to playing it again.At $30 it's kinda hard to recommend on gameplay alone since it's so short but the story, visuals, audio and a poignant story on top of all this makes it an easy recommend."
76561197972442909,Recommended,493200,32172032,Posted: 4 June,all,Moojoose,"I really enjoyed this game. It remindes me of a mixture of the games ""Brothers: A tale of two sons"" and ""Journey"".Graphically it is very pretty and very stylized. It does suffer from a few famerate issues at times (but not enough to ruin the game, in my opinion).The story is about loss, and personally i feel it is depicted in a very clever and emotional way. The puzzles throughout the game are fun, and not really difficult. Music is orchestral and fits the game perfectly.The game is short and can be completed in about 6hrs, but there are collectables throught the game to extend the replayablility.Finally, thanks to the latest patch, Denuvo DRM has been removed and the game loads alot faster now."
76561198195463231,Recommended,493200,32615495,Posted: 21 June,all,Oredon,"Extraordinary game... it had only some issues whit framerate but whit my pc worked pretty well whit 60 fps in normal areas and above 40 in some critical ones. And my hardware is good but not an elite one, probably a bit more powerful than the recommended system requirements."
76561198055136511,Recommended,493200,34497163,Posted: 25 August,all,amadai,"All of tricks is normary, basic pazules.However, This World  is very beautiful.We can visit amazing natural island world. The animals are so cute.I think that one of important things for RPG game design is color management.it is Red and Gold color for this game. Those  colors help us for easy playing and we can go to deep part of this world."
76561198122349087,Recommended,493200,34010846,Posted: 4 August,all,Zark,"I bought this game because it looked beautiful and the nature of the puzzles intrigued me. I was not prepared for just how beautiful the visuals and score were, the inquisitive, child-like wonder of the main character, or the emotional connection and twists the game takes, especially at the end (no spoilers though). I would very highly reccommend the game. The puzzles aren't the most challenging out there, but the way the story progresses, and the beautiful surroundings and music make you feel like the puzzles don't really need to be challenging, more that they're just part of the story of the game progressing."
,Recommended,493200,32416049,Posted: 14 June,all,Agent Ash,"A purely amazing experience. Within the first 3 minutes I knew I made the right choice to buy this game.It's mesmerizingly beautiful, it's funny, it's sad. It has great level and visual design and is very fun and easy to play.In some ways it brings me back to the times of Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time, if you imagine SoT without repetitive fights and without doaligue.This game has soul and draws you in like a fairy-tale, and like a good fairy-tale it has something to say."
,Recommended,493200,34700193,Posted: 2 September,all,whynot,Beautiful game. Visually and in the storytelling.
,Recommended,493200,32056398,Posted: 29 May,all,Kridsada,"Beautiful, great story even without dialog, superb soundtrack. The experience is deeply immersive, and although is a short story (the game can be completed in under 5 hours) . However, be aware that the game will fail to perform smoothly sometimes (most of the time in some settings). Also, the camera is annoying and takes control from you in the most inconvenient moments.Overall, the game is easy and relaxing... just don't expect to play it 1080p@60fps with the highest settings (good luck with anything beyond that). All things considered, the game is a little bit more expensive than it should, better get it when is on sale.Pros:-Soundtrack-Scenery-Level Design-SimplicityCons:-Short-Camera-Performance-Price"
76561198090837353,Recommended,493200,33373396,Posted: 8 July,all,Wolffs,The good: Interactive art pieceThe bad: Frame drops near water
76561198391050777,Not Recommended,493200,35440264,Posted: 3 October,all,lala,Don't know what to say about this game but its boring in some situations. There are lots of puzzles that make you annoy. Buy if you wanna try. 😒😒😒😒😒
,Recommended,493200,31981768,Posted: 26 May,all,Synthfloyd,"I am absolutely FLOORED.This game is feels like Journey,Abzü,Ico,Colossus and you name it more, where its all about the emotional experience.Amazing soundtrack throughout the game(Seriously).Environment is ♥♥♥♥ing breathtaking.Puzzle's are a little bit easy but whatever.Some people might find it boring and what do we say to them? Fk you!Its a little gem that i've been looking for a while.Altough it has some optimization issues the whole experience compelling enough to make up for this.Awesome 21:9 support.Totally worth every single penny.I forgot to mention how relaxing this game is...Literally Mind-Soothing."
,Recommended,493200,32010956,Posted: 27 May,all,SilvaStallion,"An emotional rollercoaster,I think this is a good way to describe RiME. I absolutely adore this game, The amount of effort put into this game is so obvious, Everything is so detailed and looks amazing. From the particle effects as the fox appears and dissapears to the amazing rain effects, This game is a treat to look at :3.The game puts you in control of a young boy who washes ashore an Island and leaves you to decide where you want to go next. I think the most enjoyable part of this game is the discovery and finding the beautiful hidden things, So i won't go into too much detail. But the world feels alive and apart from the early frame drops I had, It managed to immerse me in this beautiful world.The game has amazing polish and I can't stop thinking about the awesome adventure I had :3. If you're into ABZU or Journey this game is for you. There is no combat, No super hard puzzles It's just there to be enjoyed and I enjoyed it so much :). I just want to say, Thank you to the Devs Tequila works and QLOC and i can't wait to see what you create next!"
76561198090647594,Recommended,493200,32017104,Posted: 28 May,all,Demo,"Beautiful game, but beware the high price for 4-8 hours of gameplay"
,Recommended,493200,32078969,Posted: 30 May,all,raith017,"Oh goodie, island to explore :)Fox Friend! :) (Basicly my spirit animal.)Played though the story.Figured out what the story was about.cried a little.Fox friend...cried a lot.20/10, couldn't recommend more."
76561198128593569,Recommended,493200,32010505,Posted: 27 May,all,redjox,"If you have played Journey, The last Guardian or Abzu and enjoyed one of these I recommend this game to you. If you enjoyed them all I highly recommend it!I will add maybe wait a bit until the Graphics are optimised for PC as the frame rate is terrible at times.Even after reading other reviews even a top GPU won't fix the optimisation problem, I'm sure hoping it will be fixed in a Patch soon.Enjoy."
,Recommended,493200,32007051,Posted: 27 May,all,Harry101UK,"Seen a few people (with even better PC's) mention optimization issues, and have simply not experienced them myself. With a 980 Ti, i7 6700K, 16GB DDR4 and 2560x1440 144hz - the game on Ultra + TXAA hits a constant 90-120fps and hasn't stuttered at all since I started.The graphics themselves are beautiful to look at; Unreal 4 yet again impressing.Gameplay and storytelling is a LOT like Journey / Abzú, but feels a little more linear; and the level design can get a bit confusing at times. That said; for people who like slower exploration, puzzle-solving and beautiful music / visuals; you're in for a treat. ;)"
,Recommended,493200,32004538,Posted: 27 May,all,__superuser__,It's just so beautiful
,Not Recommended,493200,31993028,Posted: 27 May,all,Sauronych,"The game itself seems lovely from what I've played of it. The art style and the music are undeniably beautiful and the whole thing has a nice relaxing vibe to it.None of that matters though as RiME is borderline unplayable unless you can brute force it with something like a 1080Ti. On my system (Ryzen 5 1600/RX 480 8Gb/16Gb RAM) I frequently experience drops to 25-30 FPS and random bouts of stuttering. And no, disabling AA and V-SYNC doesn't help. Neither does setting everything to low - the average FPS improves somewhat, but the drops and the stuttering remain."
76561197971588229,Recommended,493200,31984139,Posted: 26 May,all,ESPARTAN_FX,"so far, im a little lose in the world of the game, im a little stuck but i will play later, for PEOPLE who got Stuttering gameplay with High End cards, im running an nvidia 1070 and runs like butter, but i wasnt at the beginning, make sure vsync is disabled and if u use antialising use FXAA, im using a 2k monitor with no problems, hope it helps some1, cheers"
,Recommended,493200,32008637,Posted: 27 May,all,Skairen,"Well, after completing the game in less than 5 hours I can say is beautiful, short...but beautiful. I encountered some frame drops along the way nothing serious but of course my PC is a beast and my monitor has g-sync. The game is far too easy to complete so what I get from this is that the intention was to tell the story and all in between represents what is revealed at end. Great game and glad is not an exclusive and glad of such great talent in video game makers in Spain. I will be completing the game 100% sooner rather than later so yes I recommend it, maybe with a discount on sales if your are worry about it's length."
76561198170227669,Recommended,493200,32008177,Posted: 27 May,all,Rift,I liked it.
76561198049094533,Recommended,493200,32008363,Posted: 27 May,all,Jfert,Best game I've played in a LONG time.
76561198182745838,Recommended,493200,32166887,Posted: 3 June,all,RSO,10/10 Cried like a ......
,Recommended,493200,31988352,Posted: 26 May,all,Pherzog Glitz,"I love puzzle games and was looking forward to this one, but it far exceeded my expectations.  I started this morning and finished in 10 hours -- I just couldn't quit. I was expecting pretty graphics, but I wasn't expecting it to be so BEAUTIFUL! In fact my wife, who doesn't play games, sat and watched the last hour or so because she thought it looked so good. I also wasn't expecting the story to be so moving. Lots of emotion. I see that some people are having technical issues, but I had none. Don't know why, I dont' have a high-end machine, and it ran perfectly. I see somebody else thought it was boring. Sorry, but I found it just the opposite. This is one of the best experiences I've had with a game. Definitely recommended."
76561198316299008,Recommended,493200,33102363,Posted: 1 July,all,MegaMilez,Enjoying the game so far! Take a look at my Let's Play if you want to get a better feel for the gameplay!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mWehydiwtnY&list=PLwdjHaWeBg8tXQf_fz5W-zZevdh1Bc7-L
76561198043260443,Recommended,493200,31983292,Posted: 26 May,all,Spuddelkopf,This Game is amazing. and Huge! i can confirm performance problems. i have a i7 7700 and a GTX1070 with 32GB RAM and an EVO 960 SSD. Framerate is not acceptable. I hope this will be fixed.. as a smooth experience is really necessary for this sort of game. awesome nonetheless.
76561198104521212,Recommended,493200,31984855,Posted: 26 May,all,RhinoSpider,"If you like artsy games and exploration, this is for you. Puzzles are not incredible complex. I'd say they're far easier than the Portal series and about as challenging as Zelda, for reference.On the downside, it seems difficult and sometimes impossible to go back to previous areas, which feels odd given the optional collectibles scattered around the island. Make sure you get them all the moment you see them. I'm still upset I ignored the bird figurine because I couldn't figure it out and thought I could come back for it."
,Recommended,493200,33808005,Posted: 26 July,all,JDosX,The best game I've played this year.
76561198271727425,Recommended,493200,31986975,Posted: 26 May,all,rtd,"This game is amazing.  What it lacks in gameplay, it makes up for in story, music, delivery and execution, atmosphere, theme, etc."
,Not Recommended,493200,34336051,Posted: 18 August,all,BronzyIslandNYC,purchased the game. installed the game. played the game. unlocked achievements and everything. did not manage to finish the game. got to the secton after windmill area.then the game became corrupted. better said....my file from the cloud became corrupted.after getting through windmill section. the game has frozen during the loading screen every single time.i validated my game using steam validator.i uninstalled then reinstalled the game. i even turned steam could sync off.i then installed it onto my older other computer that is by a different pc manudacturer...still same result.something happened regarding my save states from the steam cloud which somehow is corrupting my game files.since the freezing during the load screens is happening on two different pc that have completel different components.so it is not a hardware compatibility issue.i was really enoying and loving the game but i must sadly give it two way big thumbs down. its a broken game.
,Recommended,493200,32054418,Posted: 29 May,all,DionysusThyrsus,"Only about two hours in, but enjoying it so far. I'm a fan of walking sims (the good ones) so I went in expecting a relaxing game play experience. The game is beautiful. The mysterious man is a nice mystery, and I like it when games just drop you into a world and allow you to discover it. Makes me wonder, ""Where is this land? Where did you come from and who built this empty (except for animals) city?I did have jagging framerate issues [ i5 4660 3.2 Ghz, GTX 960 ] so I turned off V-sync (according to developer note in Discussions page) and dropped settings to medium and it runs super smooth now."
76561198318205088,Recommended,493200,32056699,Posted: 29 May,all,Les16,"I aboslutely loved it.  Every minute.  I had no issues at all (see my comment under the pinned discussion re: performance issues).  Played on a less than stellar 2.4GHz 8 GB RAM GeForce 740 Toshiba satellite with some medium settings.  How? I cut excess memory use prior to running.Anyway,If you want an emotional folk tale adventure this is for you.  It's not incredibly difficult 3D platforming.  Occasionally it's a bit confusing as to what route you need to take, especially at the end but that's about it.  I like that the fox leads me. I like the linear plot.  If you want a super independent non-liner game you'll find this annoying.I am going to play it again as I missed some of the collectibles.If you have your PC in order you'll be OK.  Play around with the settings if needed.  I posted the ones I used.Really awesome game.  Totally recommend it if you like games similar to Ori and the Blind Forest or Seasons after Fall.  In terms of difficulty this falls halfway between those.Cheers"
76561198005772688,Recommended,493200,32084458,Posted: 31 May,all,Beast of the East DC United,"Will Update this review as I progress, but here's my initial thoughts. This game puts forth a spellbinding mood and location, in a game I honestly wasn't ready to enjoy this much. The quiet music, the just stunning artistic design, combined with a  calm and mysterious setting; my initial impressions are very strong. I don't want to ruin anything, but this game is absoutely worth the money."
,Recommended,493200,31977678,Posted: 26 May,all,SoulfulPumpkin,"Edit: I see a lot of other reviews saying how the game lags etc. I had that too, but all I had to do was turn the graphics setting from high to medium and everything was fixed. It still looks amazing, and the frame rate goes way higher if you do.Deep, compelling, beautiful. RiME is a masterpiece of a game, from its vibrant and detailed visuals, to the mechanics. The moment the game begins, you instantly know what you are getting into. In this review, I’m going to spoil the first 10-20 minutes of the game, and parts of the Steam trailer, so if you REALLY want to go into this game blind, well, do that. I won’t be revealing game mechanics (other than movement), so those will be left for you to discover.Also note: I am playing the game using the Steam Controller, and have not tried out the keyboard controlls. Controls on the controller are okay, I think I explain more later.The game is very good at conveying information through gameplay, and not some help menu or dialog. There are no maps, no magic red arrows, no yellow brick roads to point you in the right direction. The game plays on your subconscious, and trusts you to know where you are supposed to go. In the first minute, when you are dropped into the world, there is no path, but you are subtly hinted at where you are supposed to go, via a small rock jutting out of the beach. It points towards the water, and here is where you learn how to swim. You are also compelled to go to the white structure over yonder, but soon realize you cannot reach it. You instead find a path that leads up the cliffs, and into the first real area. When you reach there, a small animal runs away from you. You chase it, leading, or hinting you, to a statue in the middle of the area. You then look around, to find several small beacons. Naturally, you go to see what it is. This is your first objective. In the first 3 or so minutes, the game as already directed you to a location and taught you mechanics without a single line of text.Another example of this subconscious hinting to objectives is found a little later into the game, maybe 15-20 minutes later. You are in a large open plaza, with many exits. One exit is painted gold (or is gold) and is in the shape of a key. You are subconsciously hinted that there may be something here, as this golden shining color contracts the area’s palette of white, green and blue. This golden key shaped exit can also be found in the trailer.The game’s visuals are amazing. Something along the lines of The Legend of Zelda, The Wind Waker HD, but with much more detail. It’s colors are vibrant, objectives are clear, the style is defined and consistent, and shadows are smooth. Even the load screens are beautiful. Nothing else can really be said.The puzzles in this game at first are unique and fun, and require you to learn mechanics yourself, but at time, can be frustrating and confusing. You might have a solution for a puzzle in your mind, but when executing it, it may not work. This is just a small thing, as the puzzles are varied, and when you do solve a puzzle, or figure out a mechanic, it feels rewarding. No confetti, but you do feel like you accomplished something, and are working towards a goal.Mystery is a big driving point in this game. A mysterious cloaked man can be seen stalking you, like in the trailer. You want to find out who he is. The island seems like it’s in ruins. What is the purpose of this island? Many small things in this game peak your curiosity, driving you to continue playing, and when you do uncover something, more things are revealed, making you want to find out more.If you like puzzle exploration games like The Witness, this game is for you. It’s visuals are great, it’s gameplay is compelling, the mysteries keep you wanting more, and the puzzles, are simple, and fun to learn how to solve yourself, all like The Witness. Hopefully, this game plays as well as it did on the PC on the Nintendo Switch, PS4, and Xbox One."
,Recommended,493200,32052204,Posted: 29 May,all,Coffee Addicted,played 20 Minutes.....looks nice but....FPS drop with 980 on 1080P !!!!Nice job man !----------------------solved by switching to FXAA and restarting the game  !so i changed my mind..i recommend this game
,Recommended,493200,32029384,Posted: 28 May,all,Leo Giambelluca,"normaly i dont do reviews... but this game.. this game is special, so lets call this one of my first review and i will keep this simple. one of the most beautiful game ive ever played till today, to all those was involved... keep doing games like these, you are, as mine, the inspiration of many many thanks!"
,Recommended,493200,32075465,Posted: 30 May,all,Habarty,"A beautiful game that shows the overated Team ICO how to built a game, perfect level design, perfect gameplay with a fantastic control and amazing puzzles... let the Team ICO Games in the shame of their pathetic control and game design. A 10 for Tequila, deserved."
,Recommended,493200,32030681,Posted: 28 May,all,Ciaran,"Pros:Gorgeous to look at.You almost feel like you are playing ICO / Journey again.Music is beautiful.Puzzles can be easy.Cons:Puzzles can be easy.Had no idea what was going on.4hours long.A little buggy when it comes to multiple monitor setups. Could only run when only one is on.Bad FPS in certain parts.Its a nice relaxing game, with beautiful music however i'd wait for this to go on sale. $20 is about right."
76561198046057265,Recommended,493200,32030045,Posted: 28 May,all,Sake of Pete,The closest you will get to a Studio Ghibili game. Never a dull moment. A straightforward adventure game that has epic moments and is not difficult.
76561198071834769,Recommended,493200,32084086,Posted: 31 May,all,Hongb,nice game good graphics and the puzzle is okay
76561198191848001,Recommended,493200,32090061,Posted: 31 May,all,Dibbleras,"great, beautifull game. relaxing, great story"
76561198048410009,Recommended,493200,32003734,Posted: 27 May,all,Sean,"RIME is absolutely beautiful and a very relaxing game. If you like ICO then you will like RIME too.Optimzation is not good, but not very bad too if you just use FXAA and medium for all other settings. (GTX960)The coastline looks like the Egypt one rather than the mediterranean sea because the ground is too yellow.BTW, PLEASE remove Denuvo as soon as the game is cracked. Maybe it will help the performance.To me this is a 8/10 :)"
,Recommended,493200,32066265,Posted: 30 May,all,Bright_Foal,"game should be rated 15+ for super sad, otherwise great game"
,Recommended,493200,31983194,Posted: 26 May,all,Fippsie,Not even two hours in and I am IN LOVE with this game.It's so gorgeous that I don't even mind that the performance is out of this world awful. I'm playing at 14fps. The game is too beautiful to give a downvote for that.
76561198025527661,Not Recommended,493200,32331125,Posted: 10 June,all,The Invisible,"The performance for this game is terrible at least when I played it. The story is very predictable I literally guessed what the ending was when I took control of the character and I was right. The game is also way too short I beat it in 4 hours… I paid less of Hollow Knight and got way more play time out of it. The only thing this game has going for it is the visuals. I suggest you way later when its dirt cheap during a sale, because it’s not worth the price tag. Long story short get hollow knight lol. is terible atleast when I played it. The sotry is ver perdictibleEdit: Deleted redundant text"
76561197965361589,Not Recommended,493200,34359334,Posted: 19 August,all,Psymon²,"This is only just a ""no"", rather than ""yes"".The game looks very good at all times.Doesn't quite run great with the higher settings.The journey and puzzles are pleasing enough, but never feel challenging enough to bring much satisfaction.The story... it didn't resonate with me. Changed direction very quickly near the end which left it feeling more confusing than fullfilling.I mananged to find most of what was hidden along the way, but after finishing just short of 8 hours I didn't feel a desire to go through and find what I'd missed."
76561198164124490,Not Recommended,493200,34307591,Posted: 17 August,all,Imanoldgamer,"Rime is a fitdy prtdon puzzle game.  The graphics are hand drawn and I believe them to be well done.   After installing the game, I had to disable by exxternal gamepad, my hame controller and shift to a lower resolution to get the controls to mostly operate,  The cameras kept ,oving around my character and forces my character to go in whatever direction it wants.  After all the work to try to het this game working, I am going to stop and chalk up $20 down the drain.  I purchased amother game for $3.  Much better game.  I willl continue to work with this game with the hope that I can eventually play it.  When that day happens, I'll update my post."
76561198021383222,Recommended,493200,34296239,Posted: 16 August,all,blackserpent666,RJ45 intensifies.
,Recommended,493200,32026412,Posted: 28 May,all,Dik0y71,"Definitely worth your money. For a long time, did not see such things, a pleasant atmosphere of adventure. Discovering something new. Nice puzzles, a good story, and stunningly epic locations. suddenly beautiful places. 10/10"
76561198087235078,Recommended,493200,32028104,Posted: 28 May,all,NotSoDainty,"While this is $30, I would absolutely recommend this game. It is true that one can play through the game in give or take 5 hours, I clocked 5.6 hours on my first playthrough. I am someone who really loves video games but I really don't have the skills developed for them because I am so new to gaming. RiME provided a challenge for me, but was not so painful that I had to look up how to do the puzzles.The atmosphere is astounding, the story brought me to tears, the music is amazing! RiME immersed me withotu being so difficult that I left frustrated, and it is a game you can play agani and again to retrieve all the collectibles and enjoy exploring the beautiful world of RiME. Would I prefer it be $20? Yes. Would I buy it for $30 again? Absolutely."
,Recommended,493200,32076208,Posted: 30 May,all,fraxyl,"Comparisons will be made to The Witness purely because of the shaded art style, but the Witness this is not. I'd liken it more to The Last Guardian or Ico only shorter. Just as many feels.The puzzles are far to easy for me to call it a puzzle game, but it's still a beautiful game to play through. 98% enjoyable for me, -2% because the controls were a little frustrating at times. One particular ledge jump which I got the first time, and then when I had to return to it, for some reason the character kept jumping either side of the grab hold."
76561198357739335,Not Recommended,493200,32088804,Posted: 31 May,all,PlusUltra,DO NOT BUY THIS PIEACE OF CRAP UNTIL THEY FIX THE OPTIMAIZATION ISSUES.
76561198068038835,Recommended,493200,32035858,Posted: 28 May,all,FrisChris,"ICO predecessor, Shadow of the Colossus sequel ? anyone agree ?"
,Recommended,493200,32034919,Posted: 28 May,all,Jehuty,"Setting anti-aliasling to fxaa gives me solid 60 fps.The game itself is rather calm and nice-looking, reminds me of ABZÛ.Old review:Very bad performande. On GTX 1080 with ultra settings it's mostly 30-45 fps with video core load 95-100% all the time.Think I'll refund this one if it won't get some performance patches soon."
76561198068543641,Recommended,493200,31982057,Posted: 26 May,all,Waffletonn,This game almost brought me to tears.. The story is amazing and the graphics work with it perfectly. I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys puzzles and a good story
,Recommended,493200,32008693,Posted: 27 May,all,Frederik,"10/10 beautiful game, and by far the fastest way to get depression. GG I now wanna die more than ever."
,Recommended,493200,31998027,Posted: 27 May,all,Pyradox,"This is a gorgeous adventure/platformer/puzzler in the vein of The Last Guardian. Absolutely stunning visuals and environments, as well as some interesting puzzles and unique mechanics.The story is understated and unfolds mainly through collectables and flashbacks, but some of the emotional beats fall flat because the game pushes its characters so far into the background.The world is varied and interesting to explore, with a nice spread of mechanics over a run-time that doesn't outstay its welcome.Definitely worth checking out if you're up for a relaxing afternoon or two solving puzzles and soaking in the once-again amazing visuals. If you're looking for a more emotionally engaging narrative experience the game does shoot for it towards the end. However while I appreciated the effort I didn't feel like it was fleshed out enough to really tug at the heartstrings."
,Not Recommended,493200,32183073,Posted: 4 June,all,Kilted Jedi,"Unplayable on PC.  Terrible lag, framerate.  Save your money.  Pass."
76561198174298277,Recommended,493200,31998038,Posted: 27 May,all,JCChamo,"A fantastic journeyA kid arrives at a desert island and has to walk around places. You will find some puzzles and platforming in between. The dots that conform the argument ties down into a story that get you goosebumps.Simple appearance, accessible and organic puzzles that won't suppose such a challenge (it was brilliant for me the first time I did the boar and bramble puzzle just to get a try and getting to a collectible). Excellent playability, always encourages you to go on, hours go by rapidly. Empty places/rooms gives the feeling of non-artificial scenery, like exploring a cave in real life. Correct animations (jump, clinging a ledge, tripping over, burn reaction, falling from a considarble height you fall down, slow movement through grass or water...). Physics could get better. Satisfactory orientation through stone paths, light, bubbles, deep water limits where to cross or not, or when to dive if it is the only way to continue, the birth of a waterfall and the mouth. There's no HUD, but some buttons displaying sometimes (I think you can't still turn them off, I hope there were the possibility). Respawn works great when you stumble.Non-linear gameplay, but there's only one way to solve puzzles, there aren't any decissions or alternative endings.There are 5 levels which you can revisit if you want to explore what you left. There are 5 or 6 kinds of collectibles, but they don't seem meaningless (they are not there to enlarge game's duration), they are integrated in gameplay as explorarion is the main mechanic, also meaningful (but no way critical) for the story.Nice sound effects (water, splashing, walking on grass or metal...) and masterpiece OST.Totally recommended."
,Recommended,493200,31981991,Posted: 26 May,all,Kynyo,Absolutely Amazing game thus far! Keep up with the videos starting here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67oIrs5juO8if you would like to watch the full playthrough!
,Recommended,493200,31996073,Posted: 27 May,all,Acromat,"RiME is a very unconventional game. If you want something with action, this isn't for you. While It's certainly not a ""walking simulator"" (it relies heavily on platforming), it fits the mold of using the medium primarily for storytelling. If this sounds interesting then RiME is certainly worth checking out.Overall it's a pretty solid experience. It's linear enough that you can get from point A to B pretty easily without confusion, but also rewards explorers with hidden collectibles. It's satisfying to be thrust into a world without any explicit instructions (no objectives or ""mission goals"") and stumble upon curiosities. That's an aspect I really enjoyed. I'd love to say more but I think this is a game best experienced knowing as little as possible.The port is alright - for the most part functional but certainly not as optimized as it should be. To get a steady frame rate I had to lower most of the settings and remove V-Sync (which caused frequent screen tearing) - certainly not horrible overall but disappointing as for most games I'm playing on High to Ultra.Unfortunately at this time (writing this the day after release), the price is a little steep. I understand why it's priced at $30, but I'd recommend that people wait a few months. I think it's a game that everyone should check out, but it's hard not to compare the value of this short title versus a AAA release. If it's on sale, definitely pick it up."
76561198065822913,Recommended,493200,32095447,Posted: 31 May,all,fifthwheel111,"This game was wonderfull, from the visuals, to the incredible music! Lindsey Sterling did a great job with ""Forgotten City"" and the rest of the score is 10/10 The game needs Optimization but I was able to play with most frame issues in first section. Overall Great story and puzzles wern't too hard."
76561198388494753,Recommended,493200,31982483,Posted: 26 May,all,dwiaryafunz,"great gameto bad about the frame drops issue .., the Dev should fix this ASAP !!"
,Not Recommended,493200,34276243,Posted: 16 August,all,socratesBleu,Not what I thought it to be advertised.
,Recommended,493200,31980909,Posted: 26 May,all,diasandro,"Boy. Shout. Red Riding Hood. Fox.What else to come in this game?This game is actually nice and relaxing. As you play, some relaxing and charming music fills the background, giving you a relaxed environment to play. Moreover, the game also has some good graphics and artwork.The game itself is a platformer meet puzzles. There is no dialog in game. The story itself is linear. There will be no direction where to go and such, however, there will be a fox who will guide you through the puzzle. Just walk around, look at the hints, and you will eventually able to solve the puzzle. Further, the puzzle itself is actually fun and requires creativity.Pros:- Good music- Good art (the scenery, characters)- FunCons:- Kinda laggy for potato computer (FPS drops there and there)- Price is a bit too high"
76561198107998343,Recommended,493200,31980602,Posted: 26 May,all,rdm,"Amazing views. Gameplay is somewhat similar to ""Ico""."
76561197992592530,Recommended,493200,31994776,Posted: 27 May,all,Laphroaig,Only one 'complaint' so far...Only one save slot. :(Otherwise great game. Most excellent!
76561197970608083,Recommended,493200,34060697,Posted: 6 August,all,Rangarig,"I am loving this. Slowly revealed mysterious story, everything looks so very pretty. This game is a work of art."
,Not Recommended,493200,35101435,Posted: 21 September,all,Hans mid de Pir,"Both massively overpriced and overhyped.You start as a boy who stranded on an island and trying to figure out what this game is about. You get the feel ""well i guess i have to explore this island"". But then the first revelation there is nothing or at least not much to really explore. That island really feels like a level that tricks you into thinking it is an island. And seriously why is this game running to♥♥♥♥♥♥poor, i have a 1080ti and R7 1700x and this game runs with 40fps on max details on 1440p, the looks of this game and size of levels don't justify this performance. Then you start to enjoy the art style but the feeling that the developer were just lazy. You can make a minimalist artstyle but then you have to make up for it so it doesn't feel cheap and empty and yes this game feels cheep and lazy.A big problem what comes in hands with it is the massive hand holding, it is impossible to miss the goal because first you have a fox that leads you to every spot they can't mark white and second because well they made every edge of importance white. This little detail should have used on almost every edge, not just on spots where the game wants you to go and would improve the graphical quality of the game.I am pretty aware that many games are dumbed down compared to games that were released in the 80s and 90s but this game shouldn't have that massive amount of hand holding and lack of stakes. You are playing a boy who is on an adventure...but there are no stakes not sense of real adventure. Where is the adventure when the game holds your hand and says ""you go there, then there and then there oh and by the way you can't really fail"". I would hate that as a child, it's like going to the playground with your parents and never leave their side. It doesn't make any sense in the context of this game. And don't come with ""well that big bird can snatch you"" at me, you totally know that it was so easy to avoid that from happening. The puzzles-if you want to call them that- are way too easy and obvious because of the handholding. So you don't get any feel of accomplishment. You are basically just running to spots where the games leads you to, then walk to different spots where the game leads you to to collect keys to open gates and doors from previous spots. Yep no thinking or figuring out involved, just running from spot to spot, no puzzles in this game folks.Nothing to say about the story, very surface level and not very interesting or engaging. But they still figured out to ruin this experience. The last scene of the game is a big ""DO YOU GET, THIS OBJECT REPRESENTS THIS AND THAT OBJECT THIS, DO YOU GET IT?"" which really made me angry. The game was over with the scene on the boat, everything what comes after ruins any attempt, since the actual scenes with story are so scarce.Last point i have 6.1h on the clock but real play time is about ~4h. I bought it on the sale but it still overpaid for the play time this game offers. This game isn't worth 34,99€, 10€ at best. It doesn't have the content, depth or quality to justify the asked price."
,Recommended,493200,31997850,Posted: 27 May,all,WasHE™,cool
76561197986296269,Not Recommended,493200,32039861,Posted: 29 May,all,Florian Squid,it's a little boring. controls suck.
76561198327660600,Not Recommended,493200,32278148,Posted: 8 June,all,jpetrin35,"Hey there. So I have an Acer computer running Windows 10 and with any other game it has amzing framerate and does well with even large games. But this game for some reason is absolutely unplayable on my PC. I'm extremely disapointed because I've wanted the game for about a year and finally saved enough money to get it, only for this huge let down. In all, this is a sad customer asking politely for a refund.Specs:Processor: Intel(R) Pentium(R) CPU 2127U @ 1.90GHz 1.90 GHzInstalled Memory(RAM): 4.000 GB (3.88 Gb usable)System: 64-bit Operating System, x64-based processor"
,Recommended,493200,31987451,Posted: 26 May,all,Dickle,HA! HA! HA! HA! HA! HA! HA! HA! HA!
,Recommended,493200,32030153,Posted: 28 May,all,user,sdfgdfg
76561198362861586,Not Recommended,493200,33086206,Posted: 1 July,all,harbinger411,i don't know why but this game is so laggy and clippy it's practically unplayable. I have other games on my pc that work just fine. I have the i7 processor with 8 gb DDR4.
76561198119072402,Not Recommended,493200,33005741,Posted: 29 June,all,Stardust Magician,"WAYYY to laggy, 15 fps MAX, this is at the LOW settings"
,Recommended,493200,32012068,Posted: 27 May,all,虐杀原形,游戏买了就进去看了下没玩 ，貌似很不错 ，带有神秘感 ，没有夸张的技术堆积来吸引玩家，估计会很享受  11
76561198059018504,Recommended,493200,31979134,Posted: 26 May,all,zyang.pointer,"Fantasitc game, it will become a visionary!"
,Recommended,493200,31998545,Posted: 27 May,all,✪AKBAAR 💕🐾,"Beutiful game so gorgous looking! water tesselation effects is so EPIC!!!dont listen to people with retard potato laptops saying it is sutetering and low fps stuff...I Play on 4K will ALL ULTRA SETTINGS + Motion blur +DOF+ Water Tesselation = 60FPS and VERY SMOOOOOTH no sttuter ever,  Want proof ? check my steam picture libraryoh ya and this game ROCKS with STEAM CONTROLLER!!!! SO EPIC FOR COUCH GAMING RELAX MODE!!!!"
,Recommended,493200,31996232,Posted: 27 May,all,RetroSaad,"The game keeps crashing even though I turned the graphics quality to low.Updated 6/29/2017:It turned out the crashing was duo to my faulty GPU. Sorry for the wrong information.The game is beatiful and it was one of those games which at the end, gave me a special feeling. I can't describe it. You just have to finish the game.I really recommend this game if you liked Abzu or The Journey."
76561198039325861,Recommended,493200,33467245,Posted: 11 July,all,TheKinkyKing,The epitomy of childlike wonder
,Recommended,493200,33469998,Posted: 11 July,all,Carnage,"Beautiful game. Great visuals with some fun but not too difficult puzzles.  A bit short though with a completion time of less than 9 hours.  Also, the ending is super depressing for such a fun game."
,Recommended,493200,33469247,Posted: 11 July,all,K-ru,"Dude, this guys from tequla are still making me cry; stop that already!"
76561198093740371,Recommended,493200,33318935,Posted: 6 July,all,J.G.L,"This game happens to be so mystrious; you wake in the beach, and all can you do is shouting XD. The more you progress in this game the more stranger it gets. the visuals and the graphics were fine. the puzzle in this game was fairly easy which i am not very happy with. I would advice you to be relaxed when playing this game because you will do a lot of exploration. I really enjoyed every bit in this game."
76561198304849054,Recommended,493200,33302152,Posted: 5 July,all,KioBowden,"This is an absolute amazing game. First off its very sound based, the puzzels, the music, even the characters every decible played in this game will be absolutely stunning. Secondly, it has an incredible story that you wont realize until the very end. The only problems that I have faced was the sound would cut out every once in a while, that could have been my audio, but its honestly not enough to not get this game. Rime is beautiful, atmospheric, perfect for the audiophile such as myself, and honestly a great game for anyone looking to do some puzzles. It caught me so off guard in the best way possible."
,Recommended,493200,33420581,Posted: 9 July,all,bigjosh50,"Overall it's a very atmospheric game, it really reminds me alot of Journey and ABZU but with puzzles, the difficulty of the puzzles wasn't really hard at all but don't make that the reason you wouldn't play this game. Again it's very atmospheric and I certainely was suprised of the games ending"
76561198402371919,Recommended,493200,33415740,Posted: 9 July,all,kindalle01,Great game.. detailed and interesting with a twist at the end. Though for $30.00 bucks I think it should have taken longer than a weekend to beat...
76561198019394572,Recommended,493200,31987726,Posted: 26 May,all,King of the Casuals,"This was a great fun game. Initially the were frame dips that were terrible, but the patch realse fixed that for me.(I used  gtx 970 on this game.)I highly recommend this as a fun adventure, there was only 1 puzzle that I thought was incomprehensible, and a couple of others I looked up. ( I am not very patient on puzzle games!)The ending I thought rips out your heart, then stomps on it. Pretty sad!But great game now the fps dips are pretty much gone, it has a great art style, and the level near the end in the rain and dark looks really amazing, I highly recommend Rime!!"
76561198101640357,Recommended,493200,33410715,Posted: 9 July,all,HuskyRatman87,I don't know what to say a beautiful game with an amazing sound track and clever puzzles my only problem is the games length only taking me four hours to complete.
,Recommended,493200,33556266,Posted: 15 July,all,SammuelMiranda,"This game is incredible!It starts as a curious game, since the story is presented without any narrative or dialog, so you'll draw a lot of conclusions yourself about the ""why's"" and the ""where's"". Soon, the game will show you it has a spiritual side, that somehow the wreck of the boys ship and the scenes and figures of the island are connected.I won't talk more about the story, because it's very well done and it's a good thing (and a sad one as well) to figure out. The grafics are also amazing, following the ""cartoon"" kind of style, but very well polished and detailed. Gameplay flows smothly as well.Overall, great. I hope to see more titles like this in the near future."
,Recommended,493200,33442150,Posted: 10 July,all,Mr. Brightside,Basically Legend of Zelda for Steam.
76561198028141311,Recommended,493200,33566957,Posted: 15 July,all,Orlyein,Wow. What an amazing story. You broke my heart a little in the end. Great 12 hours spent.
,Recommended,493200,33534157,Posted: 14 July,all,Mr.Krydd,"I don't always write reviews. But when I do, it's for an awesome game. Like this one.This game is so beautiful. So mesmerizing. It's a game where you can actually feel like you are the character you're playing as. You will feel overwhelmed and you are going to be hit right in the feels by this game. You will be happy, angry and sad.This game is one of the most beautiful games i have played. The environment. The different enemies you will face. You will have a blast playing this game.I really reccomend this game. Yeah, it's short but on these 7 hours I spent in this game I have experienced a story that i won't forget in a long while!"
76561198091644728,Recommended,493200,31985298,Posted: 26 May,all,KingReyx,"I'm really not sure if I should recommend or not...First things first: what's up with that performance? I know, my rig isn't bleeding edge, but still over the recommended specs and even on almost anything low to mid settings it's almost unbearable to play. That's  probably the only one reason why I wouldn't recommend.Despite the stutter torture I played on and on (incredible: less stutter under water - this is actually the first game I ever encountered this) and besides the really bad performance it's a great game. It even made me to endure more of it.Before I go on to the pros and cons...eeeks! these bizarre dark guys really freaked me out first time I encountered them. They're so fu**ing creepy. I can't remember to see something like these in any other game I ever played. Also I can't remember any enemy that I really hated so much like this birdo. He's annoying, relentless, returning and quiet efficient. I'm so happy I reached the next world now...I don't trust that bird.The pure PRO side:+The sound is peaceful, relaxing and in appropriate moments tense.+The world itself is beautiful to look at and has hidden quiet a few secrets.+Movement and corresponding controls feel fluent (I played with a controller, no idea about keyboard)+ ^Controller support - it feels like a must for this kind of game, and dev provided :)+Intriguing story? Okay, I'm stranded, and almost alone so far clichee... but why was the fox trapped? Who is the stranger? Oooh...are these memories? If so, where does the red cloak come from? Wait, is this a prophecy? Will I get this cloak like pictured? Okay, probably more many of interesting questions I'm left with quiet early than a story but I guess the fox will tell...+ Besides the performance I encountered almost not a single problem (glitchy pushing and one time I was floating stuck on the edge of a platform - lucky me there was a checkpoint like 10s before)+ Did I mentio nthe Soundtrack already? :PAaand for the NONOs:- I don't think I have to mention the bad performance again.... whoops.- A little too many questions at the beginning... whats up with the glowing amphores that I destroy?- Some parts are waaay to dark- Yay for giving me the option for inverse vertical...nay for missing horizontal- Sometimes movement started to freak out when pushing the skull-like stones forward (they simply refuse the direction then and push you backwards...)- Checkpoints not marked as such...I guess I have just to trust my guts.TLDR:It's a really beautiful and mysterious game, that has a lot of tiny details. Even if there's no combat it can be challenging from time to time (especially with that performance). Sometimes you really have to look careful around to find the way (but most often for the main story it's quiet straight forward). And pay attention to the small details - even the loading screen spoils the main theme of the level. Oh, and it has a bird. A huge bird. And you'll probably hate it (in a good way).And it has an amazing soundtrack. Really.Go, play it!I'm already looking forward to start a second playthrough and fully enjoy the environment when these performance issues are done - until then I guess I have to torture myself with low frame rates, hick-ups and stop-motion sequences..."
,Recommended,493200,31991141,Posted: 27 May,all,I AM GROOT,"The first thing I should say is, the optimization is bad.The second thing I should say is, buy this game.The art style is fantastic, the story telling is well done, and makes you work for it, while still handing you what's necessary to complete the game, at the least. You find trinkets and hidden keyholes that will explain more of the backstory during the game. I haven't been searching for them like I should, but if you're interested in collecting them all, make sure to do so before trying to get further in the area. There are lock out points, so another playthrough would be necessary to collect everything.Overall the game is worth the price, and if you want to run the game the proper way, wait until they fix it, and then give the devs all your money."
,Recommended,493200,31984037,Posted: 26 May,all,Reliant39,"This is a beautiful game, but not at all what I expected. The store page, at the time of writing, promised, among other things, the following: ""Take in a beautiful world inspired by the wonders of the Mediterranean through a fusion of captivating music and color."" It also stated that you could ""Discover the mysterious island at your own pace.""All the screenshots and videos that we're shown showed a beautiful island basked in Mediterranean sunlight. The reality, however, is that the bright and sunny island is only the beginning of the game, and you'll spend most of the time in underground areas, with the tone of the game changing to becoming more and more sad and melancholy (the visuals match the tone of the game's story). It's quite a beautiful thing all told, and the final reveal, while not unexpected after the ""dream sequences"" and the appearance of particular wraith-like creatures, is certainly effective on an emotional level. I won't spoil anything.That said, this is not a free-form exploration game at all. It's linear through and through, with the exception of some areas where you can chose what things to tackle first. There's also a surprisingly large amount of basic 3D Prince of Persia- and Tomb Raider-like platforming, where you climb from ledge to ledge, jump to platforms, and so forth. You'll push some blocks, roll some balls, and use light and shadow to solve the fairly straightforward puzzles.It's all good stuff and looks fantastic, but it's also very short: I finished the game in 5 hours. There are still some collectables that I need to find, and I assume that will take me another few hours. That said, I prefer to have an excellent short game than a mediocre long one, and RiME is certainly pretty good, though perhaps a tad overpriced considering how linear and fairly simple it is."
,Recommended,493200,32045577,Posted: 29 May,all,JakeTheFlake,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tsp3JQ3vfu4&list=PLHQGUCotCvvOjKcsbN9AM9d1_lcYj53mb&index=1Have been following this game for a while and really happy with the product. The image is stunning. There can be some stuttering here and there and have been stuck a few times, but if you're willing to dig a little and put in the time, this game is really cool! Check out the first video of my playthrough series here!"
76561198066224942,Recommended,493200,32046106,Posted: 29 May,all,RevanParker,"I normally don't write reviews but I just had to for this one... I see a lot of hate towards this game due to 'being to simple' and 'short'To be honest it kind of is, but it doesn't bother me that much, it managed to have my full attention throughout those hours because the game puts you in a beautiful environment, has beautiful music and a story that's explained to you without saying a single word. I cared more about what was going to happen to the character than I do for most characters in most movies nowadays...Some people also rate it down not even completing the game, though you absolutely MUST play the full game in order to completely grasp what is given.It has some performance issues though, but I'm confident that these will be addressed soon!In short, if you can appreciate a beautiful art-ishness game mixed with absolutely stunning music driven by emotion and relaxing vibe, this is your game.If not don't bother and just move on instead of bashing it please.."
,Recommended,493200,32048113,Posted: 29 May,all,Saint-Preux,"English ReviewIt's a masterpiece.Awesome art, storyboard and music.Thanks to gift us with this game, Tequila Works.Avaliação em Português:É uma obra-prima.Sensacional arte, roteiro e música.Obrigado por presentear-nos com esse game, Tequila Works."
76561198013001990,Recommended,493200,32365232,Posted: 12 June,all,[OSF]-ThelastSpecter,wow  where do i start ... this is a absolute masterpeice ... everyone give them your money you are only cheating yourself in you do not play this game this is one for the aiges.thank you devs
,Recommended,493200,32040918,Posted: 29 May,all,Chris,"I don't currently have the time nor the money to go to Greece, so this is as good as it gets. I actually think I prefer this over a proper mediterranean holiday. And no, I'm not kidding.I'm in love with this game. Every once in a while a pearl like this comes along unexpectedly and manages to rekindle my love for gaming. This game is breath-taking. It might not feature high-res textures or state of the art graphics, but the art design, background music and level design just amaze me. Did I mention I’m in love with this game?Hot damn, if it weren’t for Blades of the Shogun, THIS would be my GOTY of 2017. *hits up google* Oh wait, Blades was actually still released in 2016. So Rime it is then, my personal favorite of 2017!On a more serious note: there seem to be performance issues. I have none such issues. I’m running this @1440p at maxed settings (no Vsync and lowest AA though) and the game runs constantly above 60FPS with no hiccups. Running this on a 7700k @ 4.8GHz, 16GB 3600Mhz Ram and a 1080.Should it run better on older CPUs? Yes, no doubt about that. Are you entitled to complain if it isn’t well optimised? Absolutely. But maybe, just maybe, every 5 years or so you should consider upgrading for the sake of investing a little in your hobby. You won’t regret it."
76561198340447725,Recommended,493200,32557277,Posted: 18 June,all,Cricket,"I haven't finished the game, but I like it pretty well so far.    Everyone says graphics are great, but I sure have played others with superior graphics.  Obductioon for one.   But my real complaint is that it does not have automatic save .     It saves at these check points, and dang if they aren't too far apart.    So if you have to quit, and your only about 1 minute away from the save point, but you don't know that you have go back to the one before that.  Then you have to repeat what you have already done.    Also  only one active game player at any time.  Like my friend says ,  ""oh, let me play"".   You have to let her play your game as is  or start all over and let her play and your game is lost."
76561198206438969,Recommended,493200,32536804,Posted: 18 June,all,Jbxd,"RiME's narrative is wonderfully written - hints and bits of the story lie in the folds of its music, its environments, its puzzles, and its characters. Albeit wordless, the game justifies a story that transcends the barriers of human language. It proves that happiness, love, anger, or grief is universal and they need not words to tether them in place. This game is pure interactive catharsis."
76561197960891946,Recommended,493200,32543140,Posted: 18 June,all,SlasherMCT,"Really enjoyed this, beautiful graphics and emotional music.  Well designed puzzles and non-violent.  Great finish.Only niggle is the camera movement.  Sometimes the camera is positioned to give a cinematic view but you have to press two cursor keys to get the character to move in a straight line without falling down from a high place.  Because the movement keys are based on the camera position rather than the character you are moving it can be difficult to get the right key to move the character in the direction you want."
76561197978500915,Recommended,493200,32742854,Posted: 24 June,all,Birdie!,"A beautiful, moving, dream-like experience.  The puzzles and story hints kept me wanting to know more.  I constantly felt intruiged and compelled to continue playing to know what happened.  It was visually and musically stunning.  One of the few games that I have felt aboslutely moved by.I recommend this game to anyone looking for a dream-like experience accompanied by a fantastic story."
76561198016196624,Recommended,493200,32697134,Posted: 23 June,all,Chaser,"RiME is really damn good, but it's price... yeah...The design is really cool and inspired, the whole story is described without dialoge, and the puzzles while simple, are pretty intuitive, and fun to do.The design of everything reminds me of high quality 3D animation, and it is really pretty to look at. This is what sold me, a really nice to look at game with a very pretty setting. If that is not your thing, then don't even try. The puzzles are pretty smart, and have cool mechanics, and some parts of the game can be pretty emotional.My biggest problem with the game is that it is way too short for 30 dollars. Eight hours is not long enough. I was expecting much longer, but i got pretty disappointed at the end.But overall, it works. It was a game that was about the visuals, and they work fantastic, so you can't knock it. But if you are a person that does not care about the looks, and wants the gameplay, then there is not much for you."
,Recommended,493200,32192395,Posted: 4 June,all,Milk,"It kinda left me shook but I really loved it. My only complaint would be that it was a little short for the 30 dollars but overall I think it was a creative idea especially after you see the ending. I would recomend that anyone should play it if they have the chance because the message is really special. It bothers me that a lot of people complained about graphics though, like did they expect to be a realistic game? C'mon people. So yeah I would definitely recommend it to anyone who is looking for a fun puzzle game."
76561197979348554,Recommended,493200,33723353,Posted: 22 July,all,columbine,"Summary: Beautiful game, not too hard, only frustrating bits result from some unfortunate camera decisions, but the atmosphere is silent and melancholy and strange and ultimately quite sad. Don't play this one if you're depressed.The puzzles in this game are environmental/atmospheric - figure out how to get to this place, move this object a certain way, what can I drag to put on this floorplate switch - that sort of thing. You will not suddenly have to stop and break story to do a math or logic puzzle. Platforming elements are jumping and ledging; grabbable ledges are always very clearly marked by what some sites and walkthroughs call ""chalk marks"" but to me looked like bird droppings. I am a lousy jumper and I only missed maybe one jump in the course of the whole game, so that should tell you how forgiving the jumping is.You don't get voluntary saves; the game saves at checkpoints (look for the shell icon to appear at the top right corner of the screen briefly). They're frequent enough, and it's hard enough to mess up, that this isn't much of a problem in practice. Note that there ARE one or two places where you can blow past a collectable or achievement easily and you won't get another chance at it without replaying the game - which would likely be pretty tedious, once you've seen it all once you likely won't want to see it again.The only annoying decision is that the game sometimes locks you into a particular fixed camera angle for whatever perverse reason of its own, and this can make some of the jumping and so on in that area much harder. Also, if you're playing with keyboard you'll find that the keys change depending on your orientation, so you ledge around a corner by pressing D, then stop moving for a moment, and now the direction you were going is ""up"" so if want to keep going that way, now you press W. This matters for backward jumps in particular. Fortunately, the character gives good visual cues, looking over his shoulder when he's ready for a backward jump or reaching out to the side when he's poised to jump sideways to another ledge.Also, some of those fixed camera angles require you to move diagonally with precision, particularly two long bridges where you could easily fall off, and this is nearly impossible with a keyboard. Bottom line: Playing with a controller is probably better.Note that Denuvo has officially been removed from the game."
76561198052449251,Recommended,493200,33730503,Posted: 22 July,all,ichimanju,"Absolutely breathtaking, and fun to play.The story keeps you interested, the visuals are superb and the relaxed atmosphere manages to draw you in to see what happens. The puzzles were not too hard, but could usually be figured out with a little looking around.I look forward to re experiencing this tale, almost like playing a gorgeous Miyazaki film. Try it! It's fun and has a great heart, emotional story with a real twist of an ending that, if you pay attention in the story, won't really be a total suprise.Thank you Tequila for a wonderful experience!"
76561198068366423,Recommended,493200,33726602,Posted: 22 July,all,laserbeanz,"What a beautiful piece of art. Thank you, Tequila Works - I look forward to more content from this developer in the future!"
76561198027513634,Recommended,493200,33706879,Posted: 21 July,all,Tim,"A beautiful game, I wish there were more games like this available. I could count the games I've played on one hand that have made me feel like I've experienced something worthwhile, this would be one. Thank you to the creators."
,Recommended,493200,33894552,Posted: 29 July,all,hunt.topher,"RiME is not a challenging puzzle game; it's more of a thoughtful (and tearful) explorative journey with minor puzzle elements, but don't let that hold you back. It's the most beautiful and artful story I've seen in a video game in years. Short, sweet, and highly memorable; get it now."
,Recommended,493200,33938662,Posted: 31 July,all,Tomiply,"Rime is definitely a great game, but it has some issues. The puzzles are really easy, but they're satisfying enough. The best part of the game is exploring and taking in the world. The music is also great, and the story becomes very powerful at the end. That said, the game does need optimization. As of version 1.04, the game was very hard to run at max graphics in 1440p with a GTX 1070. A game like this shouldn't be that hard to run, but at least it was a good game."
,Recommended,493200,34379452,Posted: 20 August,all,Markefus,RiME is a game directed by Hayao Miyazaki where you yell at inanimate objects while a magical fox barks incessantly.7/10
76561198047289935,Recommended,493200,34385396,Posted: 20 August,all,shadow,"Exceedingly well-executed concept, and while I confess I didn't catch on as to the over-arching significance of the whole until the very end, I still found it to be very moving.5/5 From me.(Or 10/10 if you want to use that scale.)"
76561198082217146,Recommended,493200,34368743,Posted: 20 August,all,DIOsGENES,"The debate has often been made as to wether or not video games are to be defined as a form of art. RiME, better than any other, illustrates the beauty, wonder, and raw emotion that games can communicate. So as to not ruin the plot, and stellar ending of the game, I will end my quick, vague review with this: RiME will take you on a journey, tell you a story, and is capable of reducing you to tears.I can not reccomend this game enough, and applaud all who had a hand in crafting this masterpiece."
,Recommended,493200,34371392,Posted: 20 August,all,tearfromthered,"A great game. It's hard to explain what is special about it. Don't trust people who says it's a clone of Journey & Abzu etc. It takes a lot from those games, but it's still a unique and worth playing experience. You'll get the feeling of playing one of your favorite games from your childhood. Very simple but satisfying platforms and puzzles. The level design is well done because it feels like you can explore an open world but in truth it's a linear experience. The world is not just an island, it got a lot of surprises and variety."
,Recommended,493200,31991609,Posted: 27 May,all,elemileTLDR,"EDIT: performance noticeably better after updates, but definitely not there yet. Currently trying to make SLI work (properly) on this to make a difference.EDIT 2: woking ostensibly better now with 0x080002F5 SLI bits, giving me no less than 30FPS at 1000x563, Double Buffer Vsync, FXAA and all the rest in low. Nonetheless I've also experienced a couple crashes with it; will keep looking at it. Recommending the game now.EDIT 3: Finally finished it today. By the end performance was very close solid 50-60 fps at low setting and custom 960 x 544 resolution (very aaccptable), using 0x080004F1 SLI bits.Very beautiful and moving ending.Glad I held to it. Thanks for developping it.-----------------------------------------------------[ORIGINAL REVIEW:]I'm gonna have to agree with the negative party of reviewers: the game is stunning, but performance is painful.It's only to be expected that my gear (Lenovo Y510p; i7-4700MQ 2.4-3.4GHz, 16GB DDR3, 2x NVIDIA GeForce GT755M 2GB, but SLI not working on this) won't deliver a solid 60fps at high settings; what is unreasonable is to still have a  less than 30fps plus constant stuttering at the absolute minimum settings, all available tweeks on (i.e. borderline gameboy color experience). Also, there's the bug of the right stick of my original xbox controller random unresponsiveness, needing a game (and Steam) restart to fix it each time.Given the fact that people with a state of the art gear experience the same issues, this cannot be attributted but to deffective porting. I hope an optimization update comes soon in order to give this seemingly great game the praise it deserves."
76561197970513433,Recommended,493200,34410012,Posted: 22 August,all,GodlessHeathen,"This is an absolutely beautiful experience. One large seamless, lovely world, full of moments of wonder. The puzzles, while not yet terribly difficult, are well-constructed, and the level-design has a great sense of flow. I'm rarely frustrated by puzzles or traversing the landscape, and there's very little backtracking.Despite having a pretty similar control scheme to a 3D Legend of Zelda title, they've refined the controls to better fit a game filled with puzzles, but no enemies. While I'm a huge fan of Zelda games, Link seemingly has little regard for self-preservation, and likes to hurl himself off of every available ledge, whether I tell him to or not. Our nameless hero in Rime, on the other hand, notices ledges, and stops himself.The music should be remarked upon as well. A mix of traditional and modern elements, with some beautiful cello work. It's wonderfully atmospheric, and makes you feel as if you're playing through a studio Ghibli film.As for complaints, I have very, very few. Originally when I played, the camera was super buggy indoors, and would clip through walls, obscuring your view of the level and character. This has been fixed. It was also poorly optimized, and did not run well on my machine despite it exceeding the system requirements significantly. This too seems to have been fixed. There was, at one point, some sort of invasive DRM software. This was removed early on. The devs seem to be really responsive, and very much willing to fix issues in order to make the game a better experience for players.This game is one of the best I've played in a long time. It's a beautiful, lonely, immersive experience. I've not finished it, playing it only a little bit at a time, so that I can make it last. This should be played by more people."
76561198413449941,Recommended,493200,34429466,Posted: 22 August,all,splashdragon4286,Beautiful story and graphics
76561198033239936,Recommended,493200,34445587,Posted: 23 August,all,SEGpeg,"This game has very beautiful artwork and a great soundtrack. The designers did a great job. Proof that video games can also be very artistic. My GTX 1070 did great with the settings on ultra. There are a few spots that will cause drops in framerate. The game is pretty linear and the puzzles aren't too difficult, but the beauty is worth it. I don't think I've every come across a game quite like this."
,Recommended,493200,34535495,Posted: 27 August,all,DRawGames,"One of the greatest soundtracks I've ever heard, RiME is 100% art in all the senses."
,Recommended,493200,34431637,Posted: 22 August,all,aneurysm,"I was disappointed that its not really a puzzle game. Its more of a jump to next platform type game. I had some framerate issues on a titan x. I initially gave a ""cant recommend"" rating.By the time I finished it, I was won over by the art and the idea it conveyed.Its pretty nonviolent, so kids might enjoy it more than me."
76561198037084974,Recommended,493200,34532097,Posted: 27 August,all,iRony,"Enjoyable graphic style, attractive BGm, but the puzzles are not difficult enough and become a little bit boring at the late game. I think some kind of HUD is necessary."
76561197970601008,Recommended,493200,34528215,Posted: 27 August,all,jex,"When poetry meet the video game, fascinating experience, wonderful music, a piece of gibbli, here, some laputa there, some takahata ...bring sunshine and darness, smile and tears. so far my best game experience, but is it still a game ?"
76561198320460742,Recommended,493200,34544508,Posted: 27 August,all,bluejay676,"RiME is a really magical game that's like a mix between journey, the witness, and zelda. It's a little more linear than I was expecting, and the puzzles aren't all that hard, but it gives me that feeling of wonder that not many games nowadays can give (that is, until the deus ex machina plot twist at the end. smh) Regardless, it's still a really great game that you should definitely play."
76561198000138626,Recommended,493200,34769974,Posted: 5 September,all,Ian Balisy,"This is visual storytelling at it's finest. Few games have wowed me more from start to finish than RiME. The color palette, structure designs, symbolic imagery, landscape, weather, puzzle mechanics, even small behavioral actions--everything plays a role in RiME's beautifully woven narrative. People who enjoy exploration, puzzlers, and a more casual pace will love this game."
76561198172587771,Recommended,493200,35431662,Posted: 2 October,all,OneWinged01,"The music, puzzles, world building, and storyline make this the most amazing game I've played in a long time. It makes you feel wonder, hesitation, and most of all, loss, at a level I didn't think possible from a game."
76561198408975608,Recommended,493200,35510334,Posted: 5 October,all,愤怒de小球藻,这款游戏的原声只能用四个字来形容，那就是天籁之音，我游戏打了两章，但是这两章带给我的感动是以前所有游戏都没有的，如果你也很喜欢解密探索类又对音乐感兴趣的话，不妨入手这款游戏，相信你也会来这留下你的好评的~
